https://www.cael.org/privacy
Data Privacy Policy
This Data Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs the manner in which The Council for Adult and Experiential Learning (“CAEL,” “we,” “us,” “our”), a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization, collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information when you use the CAEL website, www.cael.org (the “Site”), including all content, information, and functionality available through the Site, and any other CAEL products or offerings (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Services”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not use our Services, including this Site. By accessing or using our Services, including this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Collection, Use & Sharing of Information
In order to provide our Services and to fulfill other purposes as outlined below, we need to collect and process some information. “Personal information” is information that can be used to identify you, and we have provided specific examples of the Personal Information we may have collected about you below.
Personal Information does not include de-identified or aggregated information, which is information in which identifiable information is removed and that cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual. We may use de-identified or aggregated information for any purpose, and we may share de-identified or aggregated demographic information not linked to any Personal Information with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect:
Identifiers, such as name, birth date, mailing address, phone number, financial and/or payment card account information, email address, and internet protocol address.
Demographic information, such as your gender, race or ethnicity, marital status, geographic location, and/or primary language.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Professional or employment information may be collected from using our Services.
Geolocation data is gathered when users interact with the Site.
Audio, video, or similar information may be gathered when you use our Services.
Internet or other similar network activity, including browsing history, search history, links, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Education information, such as personally identifiable information under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act.
Profile information, such as inferences drawn from Personal Information reflecting a user’s preferences, characteristics, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Categories of Sources for Personal Information We Have Collected:
We have received Personal Information from users of our Services through their direct interactions with our Services, including by signing up for and creating accounts on our Site.
We may collect Personal Information from publicly available data or third-party services to supplement or ensure the accuracy of Personal Information.
We may receive Personal Information from our parent company, Strada Education Network, and its affiliated companies.
We have collected Personal Information such as technical data, usage data, and internet and other similar network activity through automated technologies and users’ interactions with our Services and from service providers.
We may collect Personal Information from mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions, in connection with requests to deliver certain Services, including Services offered by our partners.
Our Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information and Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Information Was Disclosed:
Identifiers are collected to market to individuals, provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
Demographic information is collected to market to individuals, provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
Commercial information is collected to market to individuals, provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
Professional or employment information is collected to market to individuals, provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services, and to respond to direct inquiries. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
Geolocation data is collected to market to individuals, to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to detect security incidents, and to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with parties to which you have authorized us to share your Personal Information. We may share geolocation data with advertising service providers to serve relevant advertisements and obtain analytics information concerning our advertising and use of the Site.
Audio, video, or similar information is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account, and to process your requests related to the Services. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
Internet or other similar network activity is collected to market to individuals, to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to detect security incidents, and to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations. We may share internet or similar network activity with advertising service providers to serve relevant advertisements and obtain analytics information concerning our advertising and use of the Site.
Education Information is collected to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, to administer your account, and to process your requests related to the Services. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
Profile Information is collected to market to individuals, to provide users with our Services, to improve the quality, safety, and security of the Services, to customize and improve our Services, and to administer your account and process your requests related to the Services. We may share this Personal Information with our parent company, Strada Education Network, any of Strada’s subsidiaries and affiliates, our service providers that assist us to provide users with the Services such as website hosting, information technology and infrastructure, email service, credit card processing, order fulfillment, auditing, and other services, and with mission-aligned partners, sponsors, and licensees, including educational institutions and foundations.
In addition, where consistent with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose Personal Information in all categories above:
to prepare, negotiate, or perform a contract with you;
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process otherwise required by law or the competent government or judicial authorities;
to enforce our Terms of Use;
to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense;
as part of corporate restructuring, sale of assets, merger, or divestiture; or
to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on our information technology systems.
Choices and Access
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of Personal Information
We give you certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for promotional purposes. You may opt out from receiving electronic communications from us by contacting us at cael@cael.org. If you no longer want to receive promotional-related emails from us, you may opt out according to instructions in such communications. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related messages, we may still send you important administrative messages.
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you may request from us: (a) a list of the categories of personally identifiable information, such as name, email address, mailing address, and the type of services provided, that have been disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us at cael@cael.org.
Access, change, or deletion of Personal Information
To the extent applicable law provides you with the right to review, correct, update, or delete Personal Information that you previously have provided to us, please contact us at cael@cael.org to do so. Please note that deletion of Personal Information may be limited by applicable law. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
Data Integrity and Retention
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We employ a number of organizational, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. If you have a user account for the Services, you are solely responsible for maintaining and protecting the confidentiality of your account username, password, and other account information in your possession.
We will only retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for your information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Services are not directed at, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from, anyone under the age of 13 (or such other age as may be restricted under local law). If we are made aware that we have received such information, or any information in violation of our policy, we will use reasonable efforts to locate and remove that information from our records. If you wish to have your child’s information removed, please contact us using the information below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on our Site and update the effective date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check our Site for any changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
For additional information about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at cael@cael.org.
Effective October 30, 2020