http://www.chatham.edu/legal-and-policies/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main site navigation
Skip to main content
Homepage
Legal
Privacy Policy & Notice
Have Questions?
Have questions? We make it easy to get in touch:
Call Us
800-837-1290
Text Us
412-419-3772 (standard text/SMS rates will apply)
Chat with Us
Launch Chat Now
Email Us
chathamadmissions@chatham.edu
Request Information
Complete our Request for Information form
Or, answer a few questions and we will be glad to help.
Loading...
Privacy Policy & Notice
Privacy Policy & Notice
Website Information
When you visit the chatham.edu website, the only personal information Chatham University collects about you is the information you voluntarily provide through our online inquiry, application, registration or other contact forms. Any personally identifiable information collected about you on this website is used by Chatham University to contact you about the university's programs, administer your application, and/or provide additional information as needed via phone, email or mail.
Chatham University will not release, sell, rent, or trade your personal information gathered on the website to any third party for the promotion of other services or products.
Chatham University and authorized third-party service providers will collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information about your website visit through pixel tags, cookies and/or similar technologies. These help us track information about your visit to improve our website experience and to deliver advertisements or personalized content to you on chatham.edu, other websites and/or social media platforms. Examples of data that is gathered includes: demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, day/time of visit, and length of site visit.
How We Treat Personal Information
Click to Open
As a prospective student, Chatham's Office of Enrollment Management will use your email address and other personal information to provide you with the information you request about your degree program of interest or other topics pertaining to enrollment in the university. When you apply, Chatham uses passwords and SSL encryption to protect the privacy of applicants and students who use personalized areas of its sites.
As an applied or enrolled student, your personal information (including email address) may be shared with third-party learning resources, assessment sites, and other external vendors who support enrollment and academic programs. These vendors are obligated through their agreements with Chatham University to maintain the privacy of Chatham students.
Opt-Out Policy
Click to Open
At any time, you have the option and the right to request that Chatham University discontinue further communications via email, phone, or direct mail. To opt-out via e-mail, click on the "unsubscribe" link included in e-mails or send an e-mail . To opt out by phone, call the Chatham University Enrollment Department at 800-837-1290.
To opt out by postal mail, send a written request containing your name and mailing address to:
Chatham University Attn: Office of Enrollment Management Berry Hall Woodland Road Pittsburgh, PA 15232
FERPA Compliance
Click to Open
Chatham University complies with the protections established under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Acts of 1974 (FERPA). FERPA is a federal law designed to protect the privacy of student education records. FERPA governs the release of education records and access to education records.
The FERPA policy is intended to ensure students have the right to inspect and review their education records; the right to amend their education records as appropriate; and the right to control access to their education records. Students have the right to: (1) inspect and review their education records, (2) request amendment to their education records, (3) consent to disclosures of non-directory information, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without consent, and (4) file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by Chatham to comply with FERPA requirements.
Students have the right to request that their records be amended if they believe the content is inaccurate, misleading, or in violation of their privacy rights. Student directory information may be shared with outside institutions and corporations.
For details about Chatham University's policy on the use of student information and the procedures Chatham has established in accordance with FERPA, please see the Chatham University Academic Catalog and Student Handbook.
Students who do not wish to be listed in the student directory must complete a Request for Confidentiality form available on my.Chatham.edu. You may also contact the Office of the University Registrar via email or by calling 412-365-2963 for additional information or if you have questions.