https://www.telfordcollege.ac.uk/news/former-student-helps-to-shape-education-in-moldova/
Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance & FAQs
More than just A levels
Apply to study A levels in September 2021
APPLY NOW
Missed our Virtual Open Event?
Catch up HERE
Don't miss out!!!
COVID-19
Our latest guidance, advice and FAQs
COVID-19 Update
More information
Read our West Midlands Colleges pledge
Click here
Former student helps to shape education in Moldova
Published: September 22, 2020
A former Telford College student, now running a school in Moldova, has been helping the government shape the nation’s education.
Rob Ford, from Madeley, is now headmaster of the Heritage International School in Chisinau, which was visited by the country’s minister of education, Corneliu Popovici.
Discover distance learning opportunities here
Rob, who attended Telford College’s former King Street campus, told the Shropshire Star: “The state secretary of the Ministry of Education had requested an urgent meeting with me and the leadership team.
“She wanted to discuss our distance-learning plan, which had been running successfully for the past couple of weeks. Oh, and the minister of education, Mr Popovici, would be coming too.”
Rob speaking to officials in Moldova – picture courtesy of the Shropshire Star
He said: “Heritage International School is the first truly international school in Moldova, based on the IPC and Cambridge International curricula, and has a different approach towards education than the state system in Moldova, still slowly moving away from the legacy in the post-Soviet period.
“Our campus is three years old and doesn’t look like or operate like most schools in Eastern Europe.
“As such, my team and I realised the importance of the moment – here was an opportunity for us to engage with our national education community to develop a common strategy for all children in Moldova, state or privately educated, share expertise and ideas and build a collaboration that could benefit us all.
“When the day arrived, though, there was, of course, that awkward moment when you suddenly realise you have the government in your meeting room.
“So as we sat with minister Popivici and the state secretary, the only way I could think to break the initial awkwardness was to offer to make tea for everyone – with the local press watching on.
“But minister Popivici immediately smiled and saw that Heritage was genuine in its full support and recognised what we could do here for the national education community.
“From here we were off and my colleagues soon took over – discussing our distance-learning plan, how we operated our daily schedule of synchronous lessons, and the training we had undertaken.”
For the full story, see www.shropshirestar.com/news/local-hubs/telford/madeley/2020/09/17/telfords-rob-helps-shape-education-in-moldova/
Discover distance learning opportunities here
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.