https://www.mansfield.edu/web-privacy
APPLY
VISIT
DEPOSIT
GIVE
Future Students
Majors and Minors
Admissions
Financial Aid
Student Life and Living
Visit Mansfield
Apply to MU
Make a Deposit
Current Students
Web Logins
Desire2Learn
Zoom
My Mansfield
Outlook Email
Student Self Service
eTime
My Accounts
MU Printing Portal
One Card Web Portal
Handshake
Online Course Evaluation
Class Cancellations
Financial Aid
Mobile Alert Signup
Bookstore (text books)
Registrar
Student Accounts
Student Life and Living
Student Living
More...
Faculty and Staff
Web Logins
Desire2Learn
Zoom
Interfolio
EMS Room Reservation
My Mansfield
MU Printing Portal
One Card Web Portal
Online Course Evaluation
Outlook Email
Student Self Service
eTime/PASSHE Portal
TracDat
CommonSpot CMS
Academic Affairs
Department Directories
Academic Departments
Administrative Departments
Employee Directory
Human Resources
Online Forms
Policies and Procedures
More...
Alumni
Majors and Minors
A to Z Index
Campus Events Calendar
Employee Directory
Campus Map
Campus News
North Hall Library
Desire2Learn
Zoom
Apply
Visit
Deposit
Give - Mansfield United
HEALTH & SAFETY PLAN
COVID-19 RESOURCES
Web Privacy Statement
MU Home
Web Privacy Statement
Majors and Minors
Admissions
Plan a Visit
Campus Map
Apply to MU
Thank you for visiting the official website of Mansfield University of Pennsylvania. This privacy policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Mansfield University with respect to your use of the Mansfield University websites where this policy is posted (collectively, "Sites").
By continuing to use Mansfield University Sites, you are accepting the terms of use defined in this statement.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
Because technology itself and the rules requiring data management and privacy continue to evolve rapidly, the University may make appropriate updates to this notice from time to time.  Any updates to this Privacy Notice will be posted to this page and will reflect the date of such revision.
Information Collected by Mansfield University
There are two types of information that Mansfield University may collect when you visit our Sites: (1) information that is automatically collected, and (2) information that you voluntarily provide. Our Sites are made available to you to provide information about our university and the services offered. You can browse our Sites without providing any personal information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security number.
Automatically Collected Information
When you access and use our Sites, some information is automatically collected. For example, we may collect information about your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website that referred you to us. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites.
Cookies
When you visit our Sites, you may be issued a "cookie," which helps track your session while online. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive. Among other things, cookies help to make your site visit more relevant and personalized for you. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent; however, it is possible that some parts of our Sites will not function properly if you do so. Further general information about cookies and how they work is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web Beacons
The Sites and any communications sent by Mansfield University may contain electronic images (generally, single pixel ".gif" images) called "web beacons." These web beacons allow Mansfield University and third parties authorized by Mansfield University to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of a web page, email message or other communication, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the device identifier of the device the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons may be used count unique users, visits and page views; monitor traffic and conversion patterns; personalize your experience when you visit the Sites, including advertising and content you see; and determine whether or not messages were opened, links were clicked and/or notifications/offers were acted upon.
Third Party Advertising
We may also allow third parties to use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect non-personal information about your use of our Sites, including your IP address, pages viewed and conversion information. This information may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Sites and other sites tracked by these third parties. This privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies or other tracking technologies. We encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their privacy practices. If you would like more information about third party advertising or to opt out of having your information used in this way, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Data Analytics
Mansfield University and its Sites use third party applications for data analytics.  This includes Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) is utilized by some of our sites. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
We also collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you apply for admission, register for an account, participate in a promotion or sweepstakes, request a brochure or other materials, sign up for a tour, locate or make inquiries to specific departments, request information or otherwise contact Mansfield University. Such information may include: contact information (name, address, telephone number, social media username/handle, mobile phone and/or email address, etc.); academic area or interest (biology, music, nursing, criminal justice, etc.); demographic information (age, academic status, marital status, size of household, etc.); and marketing profile information (admissions date, graduation date, alumni status, parent, friend, etc.) We may also collect the names and email addresses of your friends and family, if you choose to provide Mansfield University with this information. Finally, we may obtain information from other sources and combine that with the information we collect directly from you.
How We Use Your Information
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is used to generate statistics and to measure site activity in order to improve the usefulness of the site for our visitors.
Personal Information
Personal information allows us to provide you with products, services and information and enables us to offer a customized experience on our Sites. We use personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy or otherwise disclosed to you on our Sites. For example, personal information may be used to:
operate and improve our Sites
provide information about our institution and send you related information, including confirmations, brochures, academic notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
respond to comments, questions or requests for information and provide customer service;
communicate with you about our classes, achievements, new contests, promotions, rewards, special offers, upcoming events and other news about Mansfield University and our selected partners;
generate site analytics to improve our website and the user experience; and
link or combine with personal information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service and information.
Sharing Your Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this privacy policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our Sites. For example, we may share personal information as follows:
with our Financial Aid partner for the purpose of offering aid and services to our students or prospective students;
when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Site/s that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
with vendors, contractors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us;
to (a) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (b) to protect our rights and property and those of our agents, customers and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies and Terms of Use or (c) in an emergency to protect Mansfield University and the safety of our students, faculty and staff or any third party; and
We may also share aggregated or anonymous information that does not directly identify you.
Information Security
We take reasonable measures to protect personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Third Party Links
Our Sites may contain links to third party websites. This privacy policy does not apply to the linked sites, and we do not control, nor are we responsible for, the content or privacy and security practices of those sites. Any personal information you provide to a linked site is provided directly to a third party and is subject to such third party's privacy policy. We encourage you to learn more about such third party's privacy and security practices and policies before providing any of your personal information.