https://www.warplane.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum
eFlyer Signup!
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Flickr
YouTube
Shopping Cart
Toggle navigation
MENU
Visit
Hours and Prices
Directions
FAQs
Flight Simulators
Membership
Shopping & Dining
Events
Upcoming Events
Weddings
Catering
FAQs
Testimonials
Corporate Functions
Aircraft
Aircraft Collection
Aircraft Flights
Buy a Flight
Book a Purchased Flight
Flight FAQs
Flight Schedule
Canadian Military Aircraft Serial Numbers
Education
School Visit
Virtual Field Trip
Night at the Museum
Virtual Group Visits
Shop
About
Our Mandate
History
Volunteer
Patron
Movie and Film
Flightlines
Voices From the Past
Donate
Monetary
Gifts in Kind
Donate a Car
Contributors
Membership
Planned Giving
Project High Flight
Contact
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
At Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum, we believe that your personal information deserves protection. We are committed in respecting your privacy.
While you can visit warplane.com without providing any personal information, you must provide your personal information if you wish to make a purchase online through this Website. When you become a customer of Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum and/or place an order, we collect personal information about you including your credit card number, email address, shipping address, billing address and telephone number. This allows us to process your order correctly. This personal information is necessary to process your order.
We will never distribute or sell any of your personal information to any unrelated third party for any reason. On our website, any information collected is used only by Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum.
Only authorized Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum employees use information that is collected by warplane.com for internal purposes to process your order simply and easily to help you obtain your purchase in a quick and efficient manner.
In some cases, Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum may disclose your personal information but only if you are making an online purchase through the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum Website. - In order to process your online order Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum must disclose some of your personal information to certain service providers such as your credit card issuer and the delivery service.
Before personal information is disclosed, the service provider will agree with the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum privacy policy for the protection of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with PIPEDA.
If you do not wish Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum to provide your personal information to those service providers, you may not use this website for online for purchases.
Browser Cookies
The Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum website uses "cookies", a technology that installs tiny data files on the users' computer in order to allow the website to recognize future visits using that computer.
One of the largest benefits of cookies is that they allow the web server to maintain state with the client browser throughout a multi-step process such as checking out and paying for your order.
All this is accomplished without sending any personal information to/from the website. The cookies remain at all times on the customers' computer and every time personal information needs to be sent to the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum website, the intent will be stated clearly and user will be prompted to voluntarily submit the information to the website.
Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but you may choose to disable the use of or decline cookies if your browser permits or set your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent, but in doing so will affect your website experience and your ability to perform purchase transactions through our website.
Personal Information FAQs
What is "personal information"?
"Personal information" is any information about an identifiable individual. This includes information such as a person's name, address and home phone number.
Do I have to give Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum my personal information in order to conduct business with Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum?
There are several instances where you are required to give us your personal information for operational and/or administrative purposes. For example, we require your personal information in order to be eligible to place an order on our website. Giving us your personal information for this purpose is considered a primary operational purpose.
However, agreeing to the use of your personal information for additional secondary marketing purposes is entirely up to you. You may contact our Privacy Office at any time to request that we not use your personal information for marketing purposes.
3What are the differences between primary and secondary purposes of personal information collection?
Primary purposes are those purposes that are operational and are absolutely necessary for Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum to be able to provide the products and/or services that you request from us. For example, a primary purpose for our collecting your address may be to ensure we can successfully deliver to your business an item you may have purchased.
Secondary purposes are any purposes that are over and above the primary/operational purposes, like sending you communications that may include notifications of sales, special events, promotions and other exclusive offers.
Will I be advised of the collection purposes prior to giving my consent?
Yes. When you fill out an Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum form that asks for your personal information (e.g. business account application or using our online shopping services, etc.) there is a privacy notice that outlines both our primary and secondary purposes for collecting your personal information.
Why is it important to keep Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum up to date with regards to my personal information?
Keeping your personal information as accurate and up-to-date as possible ensures that you will get the best possible information and service offerings from Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum.
What are my opt-out choices?
You can opt-out of receiving communications via specific contact channels. For example, you can choose to no longer receive marketing-related e-mails. Contact our Privacy Office for more details on your opt-out choices.
If I opt-out, how long will it take to stop receiving marketing materials after I contact you?
Many will stop immediately or within days, while others may take longer.
SSL Secured Transactions
The webserver used to host the warplane.com website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced encryption technology that works with the Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Mozilla and AOL browsers among others. This technology safeguards the user's personal information and guarantees the user's privacy.
The same technology is used today by the largest web merchants and on the most successful shopping portals on the Internet.
We do not store credit card numbers in our database and we do not reveal any credit card information when confirming your order.
We will transmit the entire credit card number only to the appropriate credit card issuing company using an encrypted and secure communications channel (SSL) during payment authorization. The email messages between the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum website and our customers are used to confirm orders and to notify customers about the status of the process.
These email messages will never contain credit card information.
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
The Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum was founded in 1972 and is a non-profit organization whose mandate is to acquire, document, preserve and maintain a complete collection of aircraft that were flown by Canadians and the Canadian military from the beginning of World War II to the present. Our role is to preserve the artifacts, books, periodicals and manuals relating to this mandate. The Museum now houses almost 50 aircraft, an extensive aviation Gift Shop and Exhibit Gallery.
Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum
9280 Airport Road
Mount Hope, Ontario, L0R 1W0
Canada
Email: museum@warplane.com
Toll Free: 1-877-347-3359 (FIREFLY)
Phone: 905-679-4183
Fax: 905-679-4186
VISA
MasterCard
VISIT US
Hours & Prices
Directions
FAQs
Membership
Shopping & Dining
Flight Simulators
ALL EVENTS
Upcoming Events
Weddings
Catering
AIRCRAFT
Aircraft List
Flights
Flight Purchase
Flights FAQs
Flying Schedule
Canadian Military Aircraft Serial Numbers
EDUCATION
School Visit
Virtual Field Trip
Night at the Museum
Virtual Group Visits
GIFT SHOP
Shop in person or online for a unique gift for that special someone or take home a memento of your visit
ABOUT US
Mandate
History
Patron
Film & Movie
Voices From the Past
Flightlines
DONATIONS
Monetary
Gifts In Kind
Donate a Car
Contributors
Planned Giving
Membership
Project High Flight
SITEMAP
CONTACT US
FOLLOW US
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Flickr
YouTube
Legal
Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
© Copyright 2020 Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum
All photos are licensed by their respective owners.
Canadian Warplane Heritage is a registered Canadian charity (No. 10686 8599 RR0001)
Hamilton Website Development
by www.i2bGlobal.com
×
Join Our Mailing List!
Stay on top of events, updates and specials.
Your Name
Name is required
Email address
Email address is required
Scroll to the top of the page