http://www.post.edu/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyHomePOST.EDUPRIVACY POLICYEffective as of: January 1, 2020Last Updated: January 1, 2020The Post University Website officially describes certain aspects of the University’s business, student services, and overall brand.  Therefore, due to the importance of information communicated on Post’s website and the confidentiality of information submitted through the website, the University maintains highest information security measures or controls.Post University (“Post”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) respects the privacy of your information and protects against its unauthorized access, use, or distribution. This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we use and safeguard the information you provide to us in using any of our post.edu websites or any of our mobile applications (collectively the “Site”) and the services provided through our Site (the “Services”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By using this Site, you acknowledge and agree that you consent to this Privacy Policy.INFORMATION WE COLLECTThrough your use of our Services and Site, we may collect limited personal information, which is information that identifies you as an individual, relates to you as an identifiable individual or, that along with other information, could identify you (“Personal Information”). We collect the following types of Personal Information:Name, address, phone number, email, date of birth, Social Security number, student identification number, username, password, credit or debit card information, education history, citizenship, military status, your feedback and your preferences.Information provided by you.We do not require you to provide any Personal Information in order to navigate our Site. However, we need to collect Personal Information if you choose to engage in certain activities on our Site. We may collect Personal Information from you when you:Register for an online service. When you register for an online service, you will provide us with your name, address, and phone number.Order merchandise. When you purchase merchandise on our Site, you will provide payment card information, such as name, credit or debit card number, expiration date, and CVV.Create an account. If you create an account to utilize the Services, you will provide us with your name, phone number, address, and email.Request information regarding one of our programs. When you request information on one of our programs, you will provide your name, address, phone number, email, program of interest, location of interest, and military status.Sign up for a tour of our campus. When you sign up to take a tour of our campus, we will collect your name, email, and phone number.Apply to a program. When you apply to one of our programs, you will provide your name, address, date of birth, Social Security number, phone number, citizenship, your education history, and your military status.Use Post registration sites. If you use one of our registration sites, such as the Library, Student, or Faculty Webs, you will need to provide your username, address, email address, Social Security number, and student identification number.Interact with our Site or Services. When you send us any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, or interact with us in any way, you may need to provide us with your name and contact information.Information Collected Automatically. We may automatically collect the following types of Personal Information as you use our Site or Services:Usage Information. Which pages on our Site you access, the frequency of access, what you click on while on our Site, and when you accessed the Site.Location Information. Information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address.Device Information. Information about the device you are using, such as hardware model, operating system, browser, and IP address.Cookies and other tracking technologies.  We may also collect the following types of Personal Information as you use our Site or Services:“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer’s hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. We place and store Internet cookies on your hard drive. Cookies enable us to personalize your viewing experience. When you revisit our Site, we can recognize you by the cookie and customize your experience at this Site accordingly. For example, we use cookies to recognize your access privileges to this Site, track Site usage and traffic patterns, identify you and keep track of your preferences, prevent fraudulent activity or improve Site security, assess the performance of the Site, and estimate the Site’s audience size.Tracking Technologies. We and our third party service providers may gather information using passive data collection techniques such as cookies and other tracking tools to provide Post with site activity data. The table below shows the third party tools and tracking technologies that Post employs and how to manage your preferences. Tracking TechnologyDescription of Purpose and UseLink to Privacy PolicyLink to Opt-Out and Settings PreferencesAd.netOur Site uses Ad.net to advertise and collect data of Sitevisitors to improve overall user experience. No PersonalInformation is collected.https://www.ad.net/privacy-policyhttps://www.ad.net/privacy-policyAdrollWe use Adroll to collect device and browser information on users of the Site to target ads to those users.https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacyhttps://app.adroll.com/optoutBing AdsWe utilize Bing Ads to effectively market our Services. Bing Ads places a cookie to record your transaction so that we may offer you more Services that may be of interest to you. Bing Ad collects anonymous data.https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/microsoft-bing-ads-privacy-policyhttps://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-adsCriteoWe utilize Criteo to retarget our ads to visitors of the Site. Criteo collects data on related to your navigation on our Site that we use to analyze trends and administer the Site.https://www.criteo.com/privacy/https://www.criteo.com/privacy/Facebook AdsWe utilize Facebook Ads to measure and optimize the performance and user experience related to our ads.https://www.facebook.com/policy.phphttps://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217Google AdwordsOur Site uses Google AdWords to measure and optimize the performance and user experience related to our ads in Google Search or selected Google Display Network sites.https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/To adjust Google Ad Preferences: http://www.google.com/settings/ads  AND  Manage your Ad Settings by installing Google’s advertising cookie Opt-out plugin: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996Google AnalyticsWe use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect some information we listed above about your use of the Site and Services. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the Services.  In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.http://www.google.com/policies/privacyTo set your preferences or opt-out ofGoogle Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutHotjarWe use Hotjar for a certain type of analytics. Hotjar helps us better understand our users’ experience, including how much time is spent on certain pages and what links are clicked on those pages. Hotjar uses cookies to collect data on behavior and the user, including anonymous location and device information.https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-outKenshooWe utilize Kenshoo to optimize our social campaigns. Kenshoo collects information on user browsing history.https://kenshoo.com/privacy-policy/https://kenshoo.com/privacy-policy/#opting-out-from-our-servicesMedialQWe utilize MedialQ to advertise to users.https://www.wearemiq.com/privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy/You can opt-out of web browser ormobile application: https://www.wearemiq.com/privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy/Oracle MaxymiserOur Site uses this web analytics service to analyze user use of the Site and to help us improve our Site and Services.https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-policy.htmlhttps://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.htmlQuantcastOur site uses Quantcast to track and analyze user behavior on our site. In order to do this we use Quantcast’s technology to collect user data. This data does not identify you directly (for example, not your name or email address), but it may indirectly identify your device.https://www.quantcast.com/privacy/https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/Yahoo GeminiOur Site uses Yahoo Gemini to measure and optimize the performance and user experience related to our ads in in the Yahoo paid search marketplace.https://developer.yahoo.com/nativeandsearch/guide/policies/https://policies.yahoo.com/xa/en/yahoo/privacy/topics/opt-outfaq/Social Media WidgetsOur Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook and Twitter. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and they may set a cookie to ensure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.phpTwitter: https://twitter.com/en/privacy  HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use the Personal Information we collect to provide the Services to you, to improve our Services and Site, and to protect our legal rights. We limit the collection of Personal Information to that which is relevant for these purposes. We will not store, access, transmit, retain, or otherwise use Personal Information in any way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or stored as described in this notice without your consent. Specifically, we may use the Personal Information we collect to:Process your registration and provide you with the requested online service, such as a follow up call from an admissions advisor.Process your merchandise order.Send you the requested information on our programs.Process your application.Process your registration for classes.Communicate with you about our Site or Services or to inform you of any changes to our Site or Services.Provide support.Maintain and improve our Site and Services.Defend our legal rights and the rights of others.Benchmark to gain insight into our Services.Efficiently maintain our business.Comply with applicable law.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONWe may share your Personal Information for the following purposes:Service Providers. We may share Personal Information with the service providers that help us perform the Site functions, as described above. We may also share your Personal Information with service providers that help us provide you with the Services, such as processing your transactions and providing you with educational materials. In particular, we utilize the following service providers to provide you with the Services:Campus Management: We use Campus Management to manage student records. Campus Management’s privacy policy can be found here.Microsoft: We use Microsoft for email services. Microsoft’s privacy policy can be found here.Blackboard: We use Blackboard for online learning services. Blackboard’s privacy policy can be found here.Ready Education: We use Ready Education for our mobile apps. Ready Education’s privacy policy can be found here.Corporate Structure. We may share Personal Information if we are involved or intend to be involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, change of control, or sale of all or a portion of our assets or in connection with bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings.To Prevent Harm. We may share Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to detect, investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the rights, property, or personal safety of any person.To Protect Our Rights and As Required by Law. We will share Personal Information where we are legally required to do so, such as in response to court orders or legal process, to exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims or demands, or to comply with the requirements of any mandatory applicable law. We will also share Personal Information as necessary to enforce any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of Post, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Services.With Your Consent. We will request your permission to use or share your Personal Information for a specific purpose that is not compatible with the purposes listed here. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the Personal Information or before the Personal Information you have already provided is shared for such purpose.CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATIONDo Not Track. We take no action in response to “Do Not Track” requests received from users’ web browsing software.If you would like to opt-out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, please note certain features of our Site or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.Tracking Technologies. To opt-out of the tracking technologies used on our Site, please see the chart in the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section above.Online Advertising. To opt out of interest based advertising or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative website (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) or the Digital Advertising Alliance website (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/), or if you are in the EU, the EDAA (http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). If you choose to opt out, we will place an “opt-out cookie” on your computer. The “opt-out cookie” is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not work for some cookies that are important to how our websites and mobile apps work (“essential cookies”). If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return to the applicable website to re-select your preferences. SECURITYWe maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect the Personal Information we collect and store from loss, misuse, destruction, or unauthorized access. Our security includes industry-standard physical, administrative, and technology-based measures. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolutely security.EUROPEAN USERSThis section of our Privacy Policy provides certain required information to persons located in the European Union (“EU”), a European Economic Area (“EAA”) member state, or Switzerland. Before the Bank collects any Personal Information from you, you are entitled under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), to the information in this section of our Policy.Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information Post will only process your Personal Information for lawful purposes under the GDPR related to the Post’s business purposes arising from your relationship with the Post. Post will ordinarily collect and process your Personal Information because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or because Post has another legitimate interest in doing so. When Post cannot rely on either of such legal grounds, it will seek your prior consent.Rights of Residents of the European Union (EU)If you use the Site and reside in the EU, EAA, or Switzerland, you are entitled by law to access, correct, amend, or delete Personal Information about you that we hold. A list of these rights is below. Please note that these rights are not absolute and certain exemptions apply.The right to access. You have the right to ask us for copies of your Personal Information. This right has some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the Personal Information we collect and process. When making a request, please provide an accurate description of the Personal Information you want access to.The right to rectification. You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.The right to erasure. You have the right to ask us to erase your Personal Information in certain circumstances, including: (i) when your Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or processed, or (ii) your Personal Information must be erased to comply with a legal obligation in EU Union or Member State law.The right to restrict processing. You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, including: (i) when the accuracy of the Personal Information is brought into question, or (ii) when we no longer need the Personal Information for purposes of the processing but you require such Personal Information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim.The right to object to processing. You have the right to object to processing of your Personal Information.The right to data portability. You have the right to ask that we transfer the Personal Information you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you.The right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. If you believe your rights under the GDPR have been violated, the GDPR gives you the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.To exercise these rights please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu.  For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request. In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you a reason as to whyRight to Withdraw ConsentIf Post obtains your written consent to collect and process your Personal Information, you can subsequently withdraw such consent as to any further processing of information by contacting us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or by email at info@post.edu.Cross-Border Transfers of Personal InformationPersonal Information that you provide while in the EU, an EEA member state, or Switzerland will be transferred to the United States. The GDPR permits such transfer when necessary for the performance of a contract between you and Post, if Post obtains your explicit consent to such transfer, or if it is Post’s legitimate interest to transfer the Personal Information.  The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. However, when transferring Personal Information to and processing Personal Information in the United States, we will implement appropriate safeguards and process the Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Policy. By using our Site, you agree to the transfer and processing of your Personal Information to the United States.Retention of Your Personal Information We will retain your Personal Information until the Personal Information is no longer necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was provided. We may retain your Personal Information for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent that we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, to protect you, other people, and us from fraud, abuse, an unauthorized access, as necessary to protect our legal rights, or for certain business requirements.CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you are a California Consumer, you have certain rights with respect to the collection, use, transfer, and processing of your “Personal Information”, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We reserve the right to limit these rights where permitted under applicable law, including where your identity cannot be reasonably verified or to the extent your rights adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. To exercise any of the rights below, please contact us via the contact information below. Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.Collection of Personal InformationWhen California Consumers access the Post websites, purchase Post products or services, contact Post, visit one of our physical locations, seek employment with Post, or become a Post employee, we collect the following Personal Information.IdentifiersReal NameAliasPost AddressEmail AddressPhone NumberSignatureAccount NameSocial Security NumberDriver’s License NumberPassport NumberUnique Personal IdentifierOnline IdentifierOther Personal Information (Financial Information)Bank Account NumberCredit Card NumberDebit Card NumberFinancial RecordsOther Personal Information (Medical Information)Insurance policy numberHealth insurance informationMedical RecordsProtected ClassificationsRaceColorSex/GenderMilitary or veteran statusNational originDisability (mental and physical including HIV/AIDS, cancer, and genetic characteristics,Commercial InformationProducts or service purchased, obtained or consideredBiometric InformationDNAImagery ofFaceInternet or Electronic Network Activity InformationBrowsing historySearch historyInformation regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisementInternet Protocol addressDevice IDCookiesUnique Personal IdentifierOnline IdentifierBeaconsPixel TagsMobile Ad IdentifiersGeolocation DataLocation informationDevice location informationEmployment InformationTitleEmployment HistorySalaryPerformance ReviewResume401k ContributionsBackground ChecksEducation InformationStudent’s nameName of student’s parents or other family membersAddress of student or student’s familyStudent numberPlace of BirthMother’s Maiden NameInferencesConsumer preferencesThe foregoing pieces of Personal Information have been collected about our consumers in the past 12 months:Sources from which Personal Information is CollectedWe collect your identifiers, other personal information (financial information), characteristics of protected classifications, employment information, biometric information, and education from you directly.Certain pieces of employment information and other personal information (medical/health) are generated by us when you become an employee.We collect your commercial information by keeping a log of your transactions.We collect inferences about you based on your interactions with us and our website.We collect your internet or other electronic network activity information and geolocation information from your interactions with our website.Business or Commercial Purposes for which Personal Information is CollectedYour Personal Information is used for the following purposes:Register for an online service;Order merchandise;Create an account;Request information regarding one of our programs;Process your application;Use Post registration sites;Interact with our Site or Services;Provide you with the products and services you request, view, engage with, or purchase;Communicate with you regarding your account or transactions with us;Send you offers and promotions for our products and services;Provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our sites;Operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations;Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;Investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies; andFulfill our duties as an employer.Third Parties with whom Personal Information is SharedPost shares your Personal Information with affiliates, analytics providers, service providers, benefits providers, transactions processors, IT vendors, and law enforcement (if necessary). In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold Personal Information about consumers. In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold Personal Information about minors.In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following Personal Information about consumers for business purposes:Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.Internet or other electronic network activity informationDetecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.IdentifiersOther Personal Information (Financial Information)Commercial InformationGeolocation DataBiometric InformationDebugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.IdentifiersOther Personal Information (Financial Information)Commercial InformationInternet or other electronic network activity informationShort-term, transient use, provided the personal information that is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about a consumer or otherwise alter an individual consumer’s experience outside the current interaction, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction.IdentifiersInternet or other electronic network activity informationPerforming services on behalf of the business or service provider, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.IdentifiersOther Personal Information (Financial Information)Other Personal Information (Medical Information)Protected ClassificationsCommercial InformationBiometric InformationInternet or other electronic network activity informationGeolocation DataEmployment InformationEducation InformationInferencesUndertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.Internet or other electronic network activity informationCommercial InformationUndertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by the business.Commercial InformationIndividual RightsRight to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or SoldYou have the right to request that Post disclose the Personal Information it collects, uses, and discloses about you to third parties. There are two types of Right to Know requests you can make:Right to Know (Abbreviated Request): If you make a Right to Know (Abbreviated Request), you will receive the following information about you:Categories of Personal Information collected;Categories of sources from which Personal Information collected;Business purpose for collecting or selling; andCategories of third parties with whom sold.Right to Know (Specific Pieces of Information Request): If you make a Right to Know (Specific Pieces of Information Request), you will receive the following information about you:Specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you.Post does not sell any Personal Information of California consumers. This information will be provided to you free of charge, unless Post determines that your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. You may request this information twice in a 12-month period.Right of DeletionYou have the right to request that Post and our service providers delete any Personal Information about yourself that Post has collected from you upon receipt of a verifiable request. This right is subject to exceptions.Submitting RequestsYou can submit your request via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or by email at info@post.edu.Verifying RequestsPost provides California Consumers with the ability to submit requests through our request website, our telephone number, and our email address. Post must verify that the person requesting information or deletion is the California Consumer about whom the request relates in order to process the request.  To verify a California Consumer’s identity, we may request up to up to three pieces of Personal Information about you when you make a request to compare against our records.  We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use Personal Information provided in your request to verify your identity and will delete any information you provide after processing the request.  Post reserves the right to take additional steps as necessary to verify the identity of California Consumers where we have reason to believe a request is fraudulent.Authorized AgentYou may choose a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf to submit your requests (“Authorized Agent”). If you choose to use an Authorized Agent, Post requires that you provide the Authorized Agent with written permission to allow them to submit your request and that you verify your identity directly with Post. Failure to do so may result in Post denying your request.Right to Equal ServicePost will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights, including, but not limited to, by:Denying goods or services to you.Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you.Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.THIRD PARTY LINKSThe Site may contain links that will let you leave the Site and access another website. Linked websites are not under our control. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Personal Information that is acquired on this Site. We accept no responsibility or liability for these other websites.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may at any time, without notice to you, and in our sole discretion, amend this Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.CONTACTIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or by email at info@post.edu.PRIVACY NOTICE FOR EMPLOYMENT APPLICANTSPOST UNIVERSITYPRIVACY NOTICE FOR EMPLOYMENT APPLICANTSEffective as of: January 1, 2020Last Updated: January 1, 2020Post University maintains highest regard for the confidentiality of certain personal information obtained during our recruitment processes from those who seek to join the Post family of associates.  Safeguarding such information is a commitment that applies equally to all forms of collected data whether manual, electronic, verbal, etc. As an applicant, Post University (“Post”) respects and protects the privacy of your personal data and has specific measures in place as part of its information security systems.This notice, which is pursuant to the European Union’s (“EU’s”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), contains information about how and why Post collects your personal data and what we do with that information. The GDPR may apply to the processing of personal information that you provide Post while you are in the EU, but it does not apply to the processing of information that you provide Post while you are not in the EU.I. Personal Data We CollectPersonal data is information that Post holds about you and that identifies you as an individual, relates to you as an identifiable individual, or that, along with other information, could identify you (“Personal Data”). Post collects and holds Personal Data about you in a variety of ways. Specifically, Post may collect Personal Data from you through:The Application Process. During the application process, you may provide your name, contact details, employment history, educational background, military training, personal demographic information, your affiliation with Post, and family members employed by Post.Visa Sponsorship. Through sponsorship, a copy of passport biodata page and name, address, gender, date and place of birth, country of citizenship, visa history, and dependent information may be collected. This information is collected only for non-US citizens and permanent residents hired by Post who require sponsorship for a visa.New Hire Data Collection. If you are offered a position of employment with Post, you may be required to provide your legal name, address, email, telephone, gender, Social Security number, date of birth, marital status, country of citizenship, benefit information, ethnicity, and racial identity.In some cases, Post may also collect Personal Data about you from third parties, such as former employers when gathering references or credit reporting agencies. Instances in which Personal Data may be collected from third parties include:Reference Checks. These checks include your name, email address, employment history, and the names, job titles, telephone numbers, and email address of your referees.Background Checks. If you undergo a background check, we may be provided with your name, date of birth, Social Security number, email address, telephone number, current and past addresses, employment history, salary, education, criminal convictions or offenses, motor vehicle record, and credit history.Post-Offer, Pre-Employment Screening. On a very limited and specific basis, new hires are required to complete medical and/or psychological job-related assessments conducted by third party providers. Third parties may collect additional personal information, including medical information. Summary results of assessments determining capacity to perform job duties are reported to Post and are maintained in a confidential and compliant manner.Candidate Travel. If travel is required, we may obtain your name, date of birth, email address, cell phone number, known travel number (if applicable), frequent flier number pertaining to the trip being booked (if applicable), seat preference, and passport information for international travel. II. Why We Process Your Personal DataOur primary reason for collecting and processing your Personal Data is for the purposes of recruiting and evaluating prospective employees, communicating with applicants and new hires, processing applications for employment, and new hire administration. When you apply and accept an offer to work at Post, you also agree to the processing of your Personal Data for payroll administration, benefits administration reporting, and/or statistical research purposes. The purposes of processing include, but are not limited to:Identifying and contacting applicants for current and future employment opportunities;Evaluating applicants and making employment decisions;Conducting assessments, reference checks and background checks;Keeping records related to Post’s hiring practices;Preparing new hires for employment;Complying with law, regulation, or valid legal processes, such as law enforcement, regulatory or government agency obligations or requests;Achieving other important employment related purposes, such as general statistical and reporting purposes, including candidate activity and demographic reports; andEngaging in strategic planning, improve business processes, and complying with Post policies. III. Our Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data The legal bases for processing your Personal Data include the following:Legitimate Interest Absent overriding, countervailing interests, Post may process your Personal Data for its legitimate interests. Specifically, Post has a legitimate interest in: recruiting, evaluating, and hiring qualified applicants; administering hiring processes in an efficient and compliant manner; and complying with laws and regulations that govern our conduct in the jurisdictions where we operate.Legal Obligation. Post may process your Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation. For example, we may need to disclose your information to third parties, such as the courts, local authorities, or law enforcement, where legally obliged to do so.Vital Intere Post may need to process your Personal Data to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of others, for example, to prevent someone from being seriously harmed or injured.Public Interest. Post is acting in the public interest when providing students with an education, and we may process your Personal Data in connection with that public interest. IV. Processing Special Categories of Personal Data Special categories of Personal Data are treated with extra sensitivity. Special categories of Personal Data include your race or ethnic origin, sex life, sexual orientation, health, religious beliefs, trade union membership, and genetic or biometric data. We process these special categories of Personal Data in accordance with more stringent guidelines. Specifically, we will process special categories of Personal Data when the following applies:Substantial Public Interest. The processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest.Vital Interests. To protect the vital interests of any person where that person cannot give consent, for example, if they are seriously hurt and are unconscious.Legal Claims. The processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. This allows us to share information with our legal advisors and insurers.Consent. We may ask for your consent to use your Personal Data in certain ways and you may revoke this consent at any time. Any use of your Personal Data before you withdraw your consent remains valid. Contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at [email] if you would like to revoke any consent given. V. Transfer of Personal Data to Other CountriesIn order to administer certain aspects of your employment or application, we transfer your Personal Data outside the EEA and Switzerland, to the United States, or to service providers who are located in the United States.  We do so for the purposes of fulfilling our employment requirements  with you, because doing so is necessary for the processing of your Personal Data, or where necessary for the establishment, exercise of defense of legal claims. Appropriate safeguards are in place prior to the transferring of your Personal Data. VI. How We Share Your Personal DataYour Personal Data will be shared primarily with Post staff for purposes of processing your employment application. We may also share your Personal Data with the following third parties or for the following purposes:With Our Service Providers. We may share your Personal Data with our service providers that support our human resources and hiring functions, such as external recruiting services, background check providers, assessment providers, and reference check providers.To Improve Our Services. We may occasionally use consultants, experts, or other advisors to assist Post in fulfilling its obligations and to help run the university properly.With Government Entities. In response to a valid government request, or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may share your Personal Data with a government agency or law enforcement.With The Public. With your consent, we may share Personal Data about you on our website, including information about your achievements or photographs of attendees at university events. VII. How Long We Retain Your Personal DataWe retain your Personal Data until the Personal Data is no longer necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it is was provided. However, we may retain your Personal Data for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, as necessary to protect our legal rights, and/or for certain business requirements. We may also keep certain Personal Data indefinitely for historical, research, or statistical purposes. VIII. Your Rights Under GDPR With Regards to Your Personal DataSubject to certain limitations and conditions, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your Personal Data you provide Post while you were in the EU. These rights are the:Right of Access: You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data that we hold about you.Right of Rectification: You have the right to correct the Personal Data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to Erasure: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that certain Personal Data we hold about you be erased from our records.Right to Restriction of Processing: In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict certain processing of your Personal Data.Right of Portability: You have the right to request that Personal Data we hold about you be transferred to another organization for your own purposes.Right to Object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your Personal Data.Right to Judicial Review: In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason. Individuals in the EU have the right to object as outlined in the “Further Information and Guidance” section below. If you believe that we have not acted properly when using your Personal Data, you can file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the EU (http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).To exercise these rights please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, such as verifying that the email address from which you send the request matches your email address that we have on file.IX. Further Information If you have any questions or concerns in regard to this Privacy Notice, please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu.  PRIVACY NOTICE OF PROCESSING OF HR DATAPOST UNIVERSITYPRIVACY NOTICE OF PROCESSING OF HR DATAEffective as of: January 1, 2020Last Updated: January 1, 2020Post University maintains highest regard for the confidentiality of certain personal information obtained beginning with the application process throughout your employment.  Safeguarding such information is a commitment that applies equally to all forms of collected data whether manual, electronic, verbal, etc. As an employee, Post University (“Post”) respects and protects the privacy of your personal data and has specific measures in place as part of its information security systems.Such protective measures go beyond legal requirements to meet highest standards.This Privacy Notice applies to personal data collected from our employees who either reside in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or to whom the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies (each an “EU Employee” or “you” and collectively, “EU Employees”).I. Personal Data We CollectPersonal data is information that Post holds about you and that identifies you as an individual, relates to you as an identifiable individual, or that, along with other information, could identify you (“Personal Data”). Post collects and holds Personal Data about you in a variety of ways. Specifically, Post may collect Personal Data from EU employees for the following purposes:Execution of Your Employment Relationship. This applies, in particular, to Personal Data which we require due to the employment relationship. During the course of your employment you may provide Personal Data, such as name, nationality, date of birth, contact information, marital status, financial account information, data relevant under tax and social insurance law (g. pension insurance number, tax number, health insurance fund, religious affiliation), and Personal Data relevant to execute your job (e.g. work permit, professional qualifications or approvals, medical information relevant to employment).As a basic commitment, all Post associates can expect to be paid correctly in accordance with University policies and legal requirements (local, state, or federal); therefore, Post’s access and time recording systems record work absences and justification for absences.II. Why We Process Your Personal DataWe use the Personal Data we collect from you to administer and/or enforce the employment relationship with you and to comply with our legal obligations. More specifically, we use your Personal Data for the purposes set out below:Managing your employment relationship;Monitoring compliance with equal opportunity and non-discrimination policies;Managing information relating to your health, such as absences and doctors’ notes; andComplying with law, regulation, or valid legal processes, such as law enforcement, regulatory or government agency obligations or requests;III. Our Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data The legal bases for processing your Personal Data include the following:Legitimate Interest Absent overriding, countervailing interests, Post may process your Personal Data for its legitimate interests. Specifically, Post has a legitimate interest in managing the employment relationship and complying with laws and regulations that govern our conduct in the jurisdictions where we operate.Legal Obligation. Post may process your Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation. For example, we may need to disclose your information to third parties, such as the courts, local authorities, or law enforcement, where legally obliged to do so.Vital Intere Post may need to process your Personal Data to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of others, for example, to prevent someone from being seriously harmed or injured.Public Interest. Post may process your Personal Data in connection with a public interest.Consent. Post may seek your explicit consent to process your Personal Data for specific purposes. Where Post is processing Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Any use of your Personal Data before you withdraw your consent remains valid. Please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at [email] if you would like to revoke any consent given.IV. Processing Special Categories of Personal Data Special categories of Personal Data are treated with extra sensitivity. Special categories of Personal Data include your race or ethnic origin, sex life, sexual orientation, health, religious beliefs, trade union membership, and genetic or biometric data. We process these special categories of Personal Data in accordance with more stringent guidelines. Specifically, we will process special categories of Personal Data when the following applies:Substantial Public Interest. The processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest.Vital Interests. To protect the vital interests of any person where that person cannot give consent, for example, if they are seriously hurt and are unconscious.Legal Claims. The processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. This allows us to share information with our legal advisors and insurers.Medical Purposes. This includes medical treatment and the management of healthcare services.Consent. We may ask for your consent to use your Personal Data in certain ways and you may revoke this consent at any time. Any use of your Personal Data before you withdraw your consent remains valid. Contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at [email] if you would like to revoke any consent givV. Transfer of Personal Data to Other CountriesIn order to administer certain aspects of your employment or application, we transfer your Personal Data outside the EEA and Switzerland, to the United States, or to service providers who are located in the United States.  We do so for the purposes of fulfilling our employment relationship with you, because doing so is necessary for the processing of your Personal Data, which we regard as a public interest, or where necessary for the establishment, exercise of defense of legal claims. Appropriate safeguards are in place prior to the transferring of your Personal Data. VI. How We Share Your Personal DataYour Personal Data will be shared primarily with Post staff for purposes of processing your employment application. We may also share your Personal Data with the following third parties or for the following purposes:With Our Service Providers. We may share your Personal Data with our service providers that support our human resources functions.To Improve Our Services. We may occasionally use consultants, experts, or other advisors to assist Post in fulfilling its obligations and to help run the university properly.With Government Entities. In response to a valid government request, or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may share your Personal Data with a government agency or law enforcement.VII. How Long We Retain Your Personal DataWe retain your Personal Data until the Personal Data is no longer necessary to accomplish the purpose for which is was provided. However, we may retain your Personal Data for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, as necessary to protect our legal rights, and/or for certain business requirements. We may also keep certain Personal Data indefinitely for historical, research, or statistical purposes.VIII. Your Rights Under GDPR With Regards to Your Personal DataSubject to certain limitations and conditions, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your Personal Data you provide Post while you were in the EU. These rights include  the:Right of Access: You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data that we hold about you.Right of Rectification: You have the right to correct the Personal Data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to Erasure: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that certain Personal Data we hold about you be erased from our records.Right to Restriction of Processing: In certain circumstances, you have the right to restrict certain processing of your Personal Data.Right of Portability: You have the right to request that Personal Data we hold about you be transferred to another organization for your own purposes.Right to Object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your Personal Data.Right to Judicial Review: In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason. Individuals in the EU have the right to object as outlined in the “Further Information and Guidance” section below. If you believe that we have not acted properly when using your Personal Data, you can file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the EU (http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).To exercise these rights please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, such as verifying that the email address from which you send the request matches your email address that we have on file.IX. Further Information If you have any questions or concerns in regard to this Privacy Notice, please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu.PRIVACY NOTICE FOR STUDENT ADMISSIONSPOST UNIVERSITYPRIVACY NOTICE FOR STUDENT ADMISSIONSEffective as of: January 1, 2020Last Updated: January 1, 2020Post University maintains highest regard for the confidentiality of students’ personal information that may be obtained at any time as part of Post’s business processes.  Safeguarding such information is a commitment that applies equally to all forms of collected data whether manual, electronic, verbal, etc. As a student, Post University (“Post”) respects and protects the privacy of your personal data and has specific measures in place as part of its information security systems.  Such protective measures go beyond legal requirements to meet highest standards.This notice, which is pursuant to the European Union’s (“EU’s”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), contains information about how and why Post collects your personal data and what we do with that information. The GDPR may apply to the processing of personal information that you provide Post while you are in the EU, but it does not apply to the processing of information that you provide Post while you are not in the EU.I. Personal Data We CollectPersonal data that identifies you as an individual, relates to you as an identifiable individual, or that, along with other information, could identify you (“Personal Data”). The Personal Data that Post collects and holds about you is obtained from a number of sources and may include the following types of Personal Data:Admissions. During the admissions process, you may provide your name, contact details, educational background, and personal demographic information.During the admissions process and your time at Post, we may collect information about your education, such as your grades, and courses taken.Funding. You may provide us information from the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) or from external fellowship or scholarship providers.Partner Organization. You may disclose to Post the professional bodies, employers, and other educational establishments for the purposes of study abroad or exchange programs.Medical. You may provide to us information relating to pertinent medical conditions or any disabilities you disclose to Post.Criminal History. You may disclose to Post information relating to your criminal history, such as previous convictions.II. Why We Process Your Personal DataOur primary reason for collecting and processing your Personal Data is to provide you with the best  education in accordance with Post’s operating model and regulatory requirements. When you apply and accept an offer to attend Post, you agree that we can process your Personal Data for administrative and educational purposes. The purposes of processing include, but are not limited to:Administering and providing education;Administering and providing housing;Administering financial aid;Providing services and support to you, including health care services, health and safety, attendance monitoring, and career information and guidance;Managing behavioral or disciplinary issues and complaints;Recruitment, admission and enrollment;Maintaining your student record and managing the academic processes;Managing Post facilities including libraries and athletic facilities;Research purposes;Graduation and confirmation of awards;Alumni membership;Statistical and archival purposes; andRegulatory reporting.III. Our Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal DataThe legal bases for processing your Personal Data include the following:Legitimate Interests. Absent overriding, countervailing interests, Post may process your Personal Data for its legitimate interests. Specifically, Post has a legitimate interest in: providing you with an education; safeguarding and promoting your welfare and the welfare of other students; promoting the objectives and interests of the university, including fundraising and marketing; facilitating the efficient operation of the university; and ensuring that all relevant legal obligations of the university are complied with.Legal Obligation. Post may process your Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation. We may also have to disclose your information to third parties such as the courts, local authorities, or law enforcement where legally obliged to do so.Vital Interests. Post may need to process your Personal Data to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of others, for example, to prevent someone from being seriously harmed or injured.Public Interests. Post believes that it is acting in the public interest when providing students with an education.IV. Processing Special Categories of Personal DataSpecial categories of Personal Data are treated with extra sensitivity. Special categories of Personal Data include your race or ethnic origin, sex life, sexual orientation, health, religious beliefs, trade union membership, and genetic or biometric data. We process these special categories of Personal Data in accordance with more stringent guidelines. Specifically, we will process special categories of Personal Data when the following applies:Substantial Public Interests. The processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest.Vital Interests. To protect the vital interests of any person where that person cannot give consent, for example, if they are seriously hurt and are unconscious.Legal Claims. The processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. This allows us to share information with our legal advisors and insurers.Medical Purposes. This includes medical treatment and the management of healthcare services.Consent. We may ask for your consent to use your Personal Data in certain ways. If we ask for your consent to use your Personal Data you can revoke this consent at any time. Any use of your Personal Data before you withdraw your consent remains valid. Please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu if you would like to revoke any consent given.V. Transfer of Personal Data to Other CountriesIn order to administer certain aspects of your enrollment at Post, we transfer your Personal Data outside the EEA and Switzerland, to the United States, or to service providers who are located in the United States.  We do so for the purposes of fulfilling our enrollment relationship with you, because doing so is necessary for the processing of your Personal Data, which we regard as a public interest, or where necessary for the establishment, exercise of defense of legal claims. Appropriate safeguards are in place prior to the transferring of your Personal Data.VI. How We Share Your Personal DataWe may share your Personal Data with the following third parties or for the following purposes:With Our Service Providers. We may share your Personal Data with third parties that help us provide our educational services to you.To Improve Our Services. We may occasionally use consultants, experts, or other advisors to assist Post in fulfilling its obligations and to help run the university properly.With Government Entities. In response to a valid government request, or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, we may share your Personal Data with a government agency or law enforcement.With Parents or Legal Guardians. If you are a minor, we may be required by law to share certain Personal Data with your parents or legal guardians.With Other Educational Institutions. If you choose to continue your education at another institution, we may, with your consent, share information about your education at Post with such institution.With the Public. Only after obtaining your consent, we may share information about you on our website, such as information about your achievements or photographs of attendees at university events.VII. How Long We Retain Your Personal DataWe keep your Personal Data for as long as we need to in order for you to complete your education. If you stop attending Post prior to completing your education, we will retain your Personal Data. However, we may retain your Personal Data for longer periods for specific purposes to the extent we are obliged to do so in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, as necessary to protect our legal rights, and/or for certain business requirements. We may also keep certain Personal Data indefinitely for historical, research, or statistical purposes.VIII. Your Rights With Regards to Your Personal DataSubject to certain limitations and conditions, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your Personal Data you provide Post while you were in the EU. These rights include the:Right of Access: You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data that we hold about you.Right of Rectification: You have the right to correct Personal Data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.Right to Be Forgotten: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that the Personal Data we hold about you be erased from our records.Right to Restriction of Processing: Where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict processing of your Personal Data.Right of Portability: You have the right to request that Personal Data we hold about you be transferred to another organization.Right to Object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your Personal Data, such as direct marketing (to the extent applicable).Right to Judicial Review: In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason. Individuals in the EU have the right to object as outlined in the “Further Information and Guidance” section below. If you believe that we have not acted properly when using your Personal Data, you can file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the EU (http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).To exercise these rights please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at [email]. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, such as verifying that the email address from which you send the request matches your email address that we have on file.IX. Further information If you have any questions or concerns in regard to this Privacy Notice, please contact us via mail at Post University, Compliance Department, 800 Country Club Road, Waterbury, Connecticut 06723 or via email at info@post.edu.   Find Your Program
Next StepStep 1 of 2 Are you, your spouse or parent (if you are 24 or younger) associated with the U.S. Military?
Yes
No
Did you speak with a Post Representative on a Military Installation?
Yes
No GET STARTED« Go BackBy clicking the button above, Post University has your consent to use automated technology to call, text and email you at the information above, including your wireless number, regarding educational services.
It is not a requirement to provide this consent to receive education services.Standard text message & data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Please reply to the initial welcome text message HELP for help. Reply STOP to cancel.  Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions