http://www.allyearbooks.co.uk/terms
AllYearbooks Limited Terms of Use
Note: please also see our Privacy policy
These Terms of Use are effective as of 18th June, 2018.
We are AllYearbooks, a service to create printed yearbooks using a web-based system. AllYearbooks’ service and network (collectively, “AllYearbooks” or “the Service”) are operated by AllYearbooks Limited (company number: 5137269, England; registered address: The Colour Laboratory, St Ives, Cornwall, TR26 3HU), and its corporate affiliates (collectively, “us”, “we” or “the Company”). By using the allyearbooks.co.uk web site (the “Web site”) you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (“Terms of Use” or “Agreement”). We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time without further notice. If we do this, we will post the changes to these Terms of Use on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the Terms of Use’s effective date. Your continued use of the Service or the Web site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of Use, please do not use or access the Service or the Web site. It is your responsibility to regularly review these Terms of Use.
ELIGIBILITY
You must be either thirteen years of age or older, or have permission from your parent or legal guardian, to register as a member of AllYearbooks (a “Member”) or use the Web site. Membership in the Service is void where prohibited. By using the Service or the Web site, you represent and warrant that you agree to and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. AllYearbooks may terminate your Membership and/or prohibit you from using or accessing the Service or the Web site for any reason, at any time.
MEMBER CONDUCT
You understand that the Service and the Web site are available for your personal, non-commercial use only. You represent, warrant and agree that no materials of any kind submitted through your account will violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or contain libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material. You further agree not to harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of Members from the Service or the Web site by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications. Additionally, you agree not to use automated scripts to collect information from the Service or the Web site or for any other purpose. You further agree that you may not use the Service or the Web site in any unlawful manner or in any other manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair Web site. In addition, you agree not to use the Service or the Web site to:
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that we deem to be harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, vulgar, obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
intimidate or harass another;
use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorization from the Company, or create a false identity on the Service or the Web site.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS IN CONTENT ON THE WEB SITE
All content on the Web site, including but not limited to design, text, graphics, other files, and their selection and arrangement (the “Content”), are the proprietary property of the Company or its licensors. All rights reserved. No Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without the Company’s prior written permission. You may download or print a copy of any portion of the Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact. You may not republish Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the information in any other database or compilation. Any other use of the Content is strictly prohibited.
All trademarks, logos, trade dress and service marks on the Web site are either trademarks or registered trademarks of the Company or its licensors and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of the Company.
MEMBER CONTENT POSTED ON THE WEB SITE
You are solely responsible for the photos, profiles and other content that you publish or display (hereinafter, “post”) on or through the Service or the Web site, or transmit to other Members (collectively the “Member Content”). You understand and agree that the Company may review and delete or remove any Member Content that in the sole judgement of the Company violate this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of Members or others.
By posting Member Content to any part of the Web site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to the Company an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to store, copy and print such information and content for all purposes deemed necessary by the Company to create a book containing such information and content.
You may remove your Member Content from the Web site at any time. If you choose to remove your Member Content, the license granted above will automatically expire.
COPYRIGHT POLICY
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement or are aware of any infringing material on the Web site, please contact us and provide us with the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Web site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Web site contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions express in such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked web site on or through the Web site or the Service does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by us. If you decide to leave the Web site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
MEMBER DISPUTES
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other AllYearbooks Members. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members.
PRIVACY
We take our Members’ privacy seriously. You can read the Web site’s Privacy Policy. By using the Web site or the Service, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United Kingdom.
DISCLAIMERS
The Company is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Web site or in connection with the Service, whether posted or caused by users of the Web site, Members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Web site or the Service. The Company is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of the Web site or Member of the Service. The Web site and the Service may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. AllYearbooks assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user or Member communications. The Company is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web site or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users and/or Members or to any other person’s computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the Web and/or in connection with the Service. Under no circumstances will the Company be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from anyone’s use of the Web site or the Service, any Content posted on or through the Web site or the Service or transmitted to Members, or any interactions between users of the Web site or Members, whether online or offline. THE WEB SITE, THE SERVICE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE WEB SITE AND/OR THE SERVICE.
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
EXCEPT IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE SUCH PROVISIONS ARE RESTRICTED, IN NO EVENT WILL ALLYEARBOOKS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY IS AWARE OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF: (A) THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO ALLYEARBOOKS FOR THE SERVICE DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP; AND (B) ONE HUNDRED POUNDS STERLING (£100).
LEGAL JURISDICTION
English law shall apply to these Terms. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England, United Kingdom, will have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of any claim, action, investigation or proceeding made or instituted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service or the Web site in violation of this Agreement or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
OTHER
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy and any other policies of the Company posted by us on the Web site, constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the use of the Web site and/or the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and the Company relating to your use of the Web site or the Service. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in that or any other instance. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.