http://www.the-chateau.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
You're here: Home »
Privacy policy
In this privacy policy references to “we”, “us” and “our” are to Class Tours Ltd, Poole Bay Travel Ltd & Castaway School Travel Ltd t/a Voyager School Travel, Voyager School Ski, Voyager Adventure, Family Adventure Holidays, Pegasus, Chateau de la Baudonniere, La Grand Ferme & Normandy Experience or any other company or trading name.References to “our Website” or “the Website” apply to all of the above names as well as any other umbrella company of Class Tours Ltd, Poole Bay Travel Ltd & Castaway School Travel Ltd.Topics:1.       What information do we collect/hold2.       Our Use of Your Information3.       Explaining the legal bases we rely on4.       Marketing Material5.       Your Rights6.       Foreign Controls7.       Monitoring8.       Cookies9.       Security Statement10.   Other Websites11.   Storage12.   Change to this Policy13.   Contacting the Regulator1. What information do we collect/holdRefers to information we collect via our various website(s)/apps and information given to us by you, abut you or on behalf of those you represent. Your information is collected when you request information from us, contact us (and vice versa), make a booking, use our website(s)/apps, link to or from our website(s)/apps, connect with us on social media and any other engagement we or our business partners have with you. This may include information such as your name, contact details, IP address, travel preference including special needs/disabilities/dietary requirements that you supply us or is supplied to us.  This may also include social preferences, interest, activities and any other information about persons you represent (such as those on or involved with the booking.) You are responsible for ensuring that other members of your party are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us. We will update your information whenever we can to keep it current, accurate and complete.2. Our Use of Your Information(1) For the purpose of providing you with our services, including your flight, holiday or insurance, etc., we may disclose and process your information outside the UK/EEA or an international organisation. In order for you to travel abroad, it may be mandatory (as required by government authorities at the point(s) of departure and/or destination) to disclose and process your information for immigration, border control, security and anti-terrorism purposes, or any other purposes which they determine appropriate. These requirements may differ depending on your destination and you are advised to check. Even if not mandatory, we may exercise our discretion to assist where appropriate. If you fail to provide us with this information we may not be able to process your booking correctly and the onus will be your responsibility only.(2) We may collect and process your information for the purposes set out in our registration with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and disclose the same to our group of companies for business purposes and also to companies and our services who act as "data processors" on our behalf, or to our service providers operating systems or business functions on our behalf (some of whom are located outside the UK/EEA or an international organisation). These business purposes include administration, providing services (and contacting you where necessary), customer care, service quality, business management and operation, re-organisation/structuring/sale of our business (or group companies), risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, social media, advertising and marketing, loyalty programmes, profiling customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection.(3) Information (such as but not limited to racial or ethnic origin, health or medical conditions, religious beliefs, API / biometric information) may be considered "sensitive personal data" under the GDPR Act 2018. We collect it to cater to your needs or act in your interest, and we are only prepared to accept sensitive personal data on the condition that we have your positive consent. By booking with us you also agree for your insurers, their agents and medical staff to disclose relevant information and sensitive personal data to us in circumstances where we need to act on your behalf or in the interest of passengers or in an emergency.If you do not agree to Our Use of Your Information above, we cannot do business with you or accept your booking. Where necessary personal data will be processed & transported securely and in accordance with the GDPR regulations 2018.3. Explaining the legal bases we rely onConsentIn specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.For example, if you tick a box to receive marketing or similar information from us.Contractual obligationsIn certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.For example to process a booking or enquiry.Legitimate interestIn specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.For example, we will use your purchase history to send you or make available personalised offers. We will also use your address details to send you direct marketing information by post, telling you about products and services that we think might interest you.4. Marketing MaterialWe may contact you from time to time with information on offers of goods and services, brochures, new products, forthcoming events or competitions, reward schemes from our group of companies. We will tailor the information you receive or see. This will enable is to make available to you more personalised and relevant communications. We may use innovative technologies and work with business partners to achieve this.We never pass your details on to 3rd parties for marketing purposes.By booking with “us” or any of our other companies I give my consent for written testimonial to be used within “our” marketing materials; printed publications, websites - including social media such as but not restricted to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube.You have the right to ask in writing not to receive direct marketing material from us. You can use our "unsubscribe" link on our emails or refer to our literature containing instructions on how to do this. Once properly notified by you, we will take steps to stop using your information in this way.If you wish your party, or any member of your party to be excluded, please contact schools [at] the-chateau.comTo help you understand more about please see our cookies policy or the below links:Google Analytics and/or SilverStripeBy using our website(s), you consent to us using the above mentioned tools. Our website(s) may contain links to other sites not controlled by us. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites.5. Your RightsYou have the right to be informed about any data we hold on you and have access to it at any time.You have the right to rectify any information we hold on you.You have the right to be forgottenYou have the right to restrict processing of your dataYou have the right to data portability in a readable formatYou have the right to objectThis would normally be free of charge, unless the request is deemed to be excessive.6. Foreign ControlsWhere necessary to fulfil our contract on your behalf we may need to send your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), note that controls on data protection in such countries may not be as strong as the legal requirements in this country.  We will endeavour to put in place adequate protection for your personal data.7. MonitoringTo ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately, improve our service and for security and fraud, we may review, monitor and/or record  telephone calls, activities using CCTV in and around our premises, transactions and activities at all points of contact and web, social media and app traffic, activities, etc. All recordings and derivative materials are and shall remain our sole property.8. CookiesCookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information. For further information please see our Cookie Policy which is available on our website.9. Security StatementWe have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information.10. Other WebsitesOur website contains links to other websites. This Privacy Policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own Privacy Policy.11. StorageYour data will be kept for the duration of the booking required to process the booking and any personal data will be kept up to an approx. 1 year after the date of return.12. Changes to this policyWe keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web pages.  This Privacy Policy was last updated 4th May 2018.13. Contacting the RegulatorIf you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
In this section
Select...
Get a fast quote now
Click below for a fast response quote for your tour.
Get a quote
Ask us anything
Submit an enquiry form and we’ll respond to any question (big or small) as soon as we can.
Ask us anything