http://www.bushchildhoodhome.org/privacy
The George W. Bush Childhood Home
Celebrating the lives of two presidents, two governors, and two first ladies.
About the Home
Project Highlights
Site Plan & Project Drawings
Scope and Schedule
Project Team
History & Research
Bush Family Timeline
Midland in the 1950’s
Help Us Find…
News
Support
Plan Your Trip
Store
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how The George W. Bush Childhood Home uses and protects any information that you give The George W. Bush Childhood Home when you use this website.
The George W. Bush Childhood Home is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The George W. Bush Childhood Home does not collect personal information about visitors to our Website unless you choose to provide that information to us. It will not release your information without your consent for any reason. Once we obtain your consent, we consider it valid until revoked by you.
The George W. Bush Childhood uses the latest security technology to ensure that your personal information remains safe throughout the transaction. We also protect account data by placing it on a secure portion of our Website. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such data.
The George W. Bush Childhood Home may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Museum Hours
Tues–Sat 10 AM – 5 PM, Sun 2–5 PM
Tours given until 4:30 PM
Closed Mondays, Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years Day
1412 West Ohio Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701
Phone: (432) 685-1112
Plan a Visit
Midland is an exciting place with many museums, cultural activities and special events throughout the year.
Make your plans to visit!
All material © Copyright 2001–2008 George W. Bush Childhood Home, Inc.
P.O. Box 8586, Midland, Texas
79708 | 1-866-684-4380
Refund Policy
|
Privacy Policy
|
gwbhome@bushchildhoodhome.org