http://www.southhills.edu/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To You
South Hills School of Business & Technology is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. By using the South Hills website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
How We Use Your Information
Any personal information submitted to South Hills via our website is used exclusively and solely by South Hills to provide you with the information you requested. We may also use your personal data to send you information about our school that we feel may be of interest to you.
We never sell, rent, or share any personal data submitted by visitors to our website to any third parties under any circumstances. We respect the privacy of our visitors and will abide by all applicable laws concerning the release of personal information.
Our Commitment To Data Security
We use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose to us through our website secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of the information you submit. However, we cannot claim that we are 100% "hacker-proof", and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of those parties.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Links to third-party websites on the South Hills website are provided solely as a convenience to you and do NOT constitute an endorsement. By clicking these links, you will exit the South Hills website. South Hills does not control or assume responsibility for the content or privacy policies of any of these websites. If you choose to access a third-party website linked on our website, you do so at your own risk.
Managing Your Information
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or would like to have your personally identifiable information modified or deleted from our records, please call our toll-free number 1-888-282-7427.
Contact UsAPPLY NOW
Request more information
Call us at 1-888-282-7427
Send us an email
Ask a question onlineAbout Our SchoolAbout Our School
Our History
Alumni Stories, Reviews, & Testimonials
Student Life
Accreditation & Approvals
Consumer Disclosures, Policies, and Procedures
Title IX Resources
Contact Us
Request More Information
Press Releases
Kari Lynn Schlegel Memorial Gallery
Careers at South Hills
Media Contact &Press Kit
LocationsState College, PA
Altoona, PA
Meet Our TeamOur President
Our Leadership
Faculty Directory
Staff Directory