https://www.tangmere-museum.org.uk/privacy
You are in:
Home
Privacy
Tangmere Military Aviation Museum (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Tangmere Military Aviation Museum of Tangmere, West Sussex, PO20 2ES.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and internal marketing. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.
They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Tangmere Military Aviation Museum or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Tangmere Military Aviation Museum of Tangmere, West Sussex, PO20 2ES.
Access to Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10.00 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Tangmere Military Aviation Museum of Tangmere, West Sussex, PO20 2ES.
OPENING
The museum is open every day between February 1st and November 30th.
March to October:
10.00am to 5.00pm
February and November:
10.00am to 4.30pm
(Last admissions are one hour before closing each day)
VISIT US
TANGMERE Nr Chichester,
West Sussex PO20 2ES
01243 790 090
info@tangmere-museum.org.uk
+
Directions to the
museum?
DONATING ARTEFACTS
Are you thinking of donating an artefact to the Museum?
Get Involved
Would you like to join us in maintaining the history of Tangmere?
TANGMERE NEWSFLASH
Would you like to keep in touch with the latest news from the Museum?
DOWNLOADS
Documents to download.
USEFUL LINKS
Accommodation and attractions in the local area. List of associated websites of interest.
TANGMERE LOGBOOK
The Museum magazine is now available online.
LATEST NEWS
“Running For The Few” Visits Tangmere
On Thursday 8 October Museum staff and visitors welcomed 5 runners undertaking a five day…
Museum Winter Closedown Announced
For operational reasons, the Museum’s trustees have decided that the Museum will close to the…
More News
BOOKSHOP
Lysander Pilot Book
LYSANDER PILOT Secret Operations with 161 Squadron BY JAMES ATTERBY McCAIRNS Now available exclusively through…
The Tangmere Logbook
Back numbers (excluding the current edition) of Tangmere’s biannual magazine The Tangmere Logbook are now…
Read all
LATEST ARTICLES
Harriers in the 1969 Air Race
In February 1969 Brian Harpur, a director of Harmsworth Publications, owners of the Daily Mail…
‘Big X’ – The Tangmere Connection
On the night of 24/25 March 1944, a mass escape took place from a prisoner-of-war…
Read all
Flight Simulators
All our Flight Simulators are closed until further notice
The Tangmere Museum has 3 computer-controlled Flight Simulators for visitors to ‘fly’.
More
Information
Talks by Tangmere
The Museum is able to offer speakers to interested groups or societies on a range of subjects connected with the history of operations at RAF Tangmere and other military aviation subjects.
Further details of the full range of presentations and the availability of speakers can be obtained by calling the museum on 01243 790090, by emailing your interest to director@tangmere-museum.org.uk or by letter marked for the attention of the Director.
Museum Development
The Museum car park has been enlarged and re-laid and audio guides provided with the assistance of LEADER – the European Agricultural Fund for Redevelopment.
Virtual Cockpit tours
Click the photo
to enter the Canberra cockpit
Click the photo
to enter the Lightning cockpit
What to See
×
The Museum Grounds
Meryl Hansed Memorial Hall
Merston Hall
Battle of Britain Hall
Middle Hall
Tangmere Hall
go
to What to see page
Flight Simulators
×
Combat Simulator
Lightning Simulator
Red Flight Simulators
go
to Flight Simulators
page
Features
×
AIRCRAFT OF THE MONTH ARCHIVE
ARTEFACT OF THE MONTH ARCHIVE
EVENTS GALLERY
Facilities
×
The Shop
The NAAFI Tea Room
Neville Duke Hall
The Library
×
Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.I acceptPrivacy