http://www.nbcc.ca/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
New Brunswick Community College (NBCC) is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations.
Information we collect
When you register at any of NBCC's websites, we may ask to collect personal details, such as your name, postal address and email address. We also collect website usage information and information about your web browser and internet connection, including your computer's IP address, the type and version of browser and operating system you use and, if you arrived at the site via a link from another website, the URL of the referring page.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information, stored on your computer during a visit to New Brunswick Community College's websites. This information allows you to move quickly and easily around our sites.
External Links
New Brunswick Community College's websites contain links to websites not owned or operated by NBCC. New Brunswick Community College is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each such website to find out how they protect your personal information.
For Your Security
Always remember to log off or log out after you have completed your online session. If you suspect any unusual activity, please contact us immediately.
Use of Our Website
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by New Brunswick Community College as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any queries regarding New Brunswick Community College's online privacy statement or the use of your information, please contact us by email at helpdesk@nbcc.ca or by telephone at 1-855-216-6688.
Programs & Courses  Full-Time Programs  Online Courses  Part-Time Courses
Admissions
How to Apply
Admission Requirements
Tuition & Fees
Scholarships, Bursaries and Awards
Campuses
Fredericton Campus  26 Duffie DriveFredericton, NB  E3B 0R6
Miramichi Campus  80 University AvenueMiramichi, NB  E1N 0C6
Moncton Campus  1234 Mountain RoadMoncton, NB  E1C 8H9
Saint John Campus  950 Grandview AvenueSaint John, NB  E2J 4C5
St. Andrews Campus  99 Augustus StreetSt. Andrews, NB  E5B 2E9
Woodstock Campus  100 Broadway StreetWoodstock, NB  E7M 5C5
Contact Us  Request for Information  College Admission Services:1-888-796-NBCC (6222)  Campuses: (506) 460-6222  Email: nbcc@nbcc.ca
Connect With Us
FacebookYouTubeInstagram
TwitterSnapchatLinkedin
NBCC campuses are located on Mi’kmaq, Wolastoq and Peskotomuhkati homelands. Since 1726 this land has been subject to treaties that are still in effect today. We are grateful to learn together on this land and do so guided by the original spirit
of those treaties - peace, respect and friendship.
Privacy Policy© Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.