http://www.armymuseums.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The AMOT Team
Our Trustees
Our History
Our Conference
Privacy Policy
Your details will never be shared without prior consent. Contact details are securely stored, and used only to contact you on matters relevant to AMOT and AMOT museums, updating you on changes to policy or service provision, or in response to queries. It is your duty to inform us of any changes to your contact details to ensure you continue to receive information. You may unsubscribe from emailed content at any time. If you wish to resume receiving emailed content you must contact AMOT directly to request this, either via the intranet contact form or by email info@armymuseums.org.uk
AMOT is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy, together with our terms and conditions and any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from your or you provide to us will be processed.
We may collect and process the following information about you:
updates to your museum information, and museum contacts;if you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence;we may ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you are not obliged to respond to them;
details of any and all applications you submit for funding or grants through our site or via email; and,details of your visits to this site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
We will always be clear about what data we collect from you, and what it is/will be used for.
We will never request bank account details via the website.
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
HomeAbout AMOT
Our History The AMOT Team Our Conference Our Trustees
AMOT MembersMuseum DirectoryExhibitionsNewsContact Us