https://www.colemuseum.org/privacy-policy/
Cole Museum - Home
Cole Museum - Home
405 Perry Road
Bangor, Maine 04401
(207) 990-3600
To Volunteer
For Students
For Teachers
Menu
Home
Visit
Explore
Exhibits
Videos
News
Events
Press Releases
About
Our Mission
Contact
Volunteer
Galen Cole Family Foundation
Veteran Programs
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our purpose at the Cole Land Transportation Museum is to collect, preserve, and display (before they disappear forever) a cross section of Maine’s land transportation equipment from which this and future generations will gain knowledge of the past. Our website address is: https://www.colemuseum.org. For contact information, please visit here:
Our overall policy is extremely simple: If we collect information from you, we use it only for the purposes for which it was collected, and the other limited purposes outlined below. We will not sell or share your personally identifiable information with any third party except for in the instances described below.
Here are the details of our privacy policy. This statement may change over time — please review it periodically.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect some non-personally identifiable information automatically and some in our registration and contact forms. Non-personally identifiable information might include your IP address, the type of browser or operating system you use, the domain name from which you linked to our site, etc. We use this non-personally identifiable information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
Contact forms
Our site’s registration and contact forms may request or require users to give us personally identifiable information (like their name, telephone number, address, and e-mail address). We may use the information from our registration and contact forms to contact the user. We will not sell or disclose your personally identifiable data to any third party that is not an affiliate of the Cole Land Transportation Museum unless: (i) we transfer of our business assets (as further described below); (ii) we first obtain permission from you; (iii) we need to share it with agents or contractors who perform services for us; or (iv) we are required by law to disclose it.
Cookies
We may use “cookies” to determine whether you have visited our site previously and to save and remember any preferences that you set while using our site. Our cookies cannot retrieve any other data from a hard drive or obtain an e-mail address. Although a user has the ability to modify most browsers to either accept all cookies, notify the user when a cookie is sent, or reject all cookies, it may not be possible to utilize certain services at the Cole Land Transportation Museum if cookies are rejected.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
The Cole Land Transportation Museum uses Google Analytics to track technical data on users, including user counts, bounce rates, landing pages, and pages visited. User IP addresses are anonymized before being stored in Google Analytics. If you wish to not be tracked by Google Analytics, you can download a browser add-on through Google here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Who we share your data with
The Cole Land Transportation Museum does not share personal data with any other third party company or account that is not directly controlled by the Cole Land Transportation Museum.
What rights you have over your data
If you have filled out a form on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Some non-personally identifiable information, like a user’s IP address, is collected by our Google Analytics account. This information is used for tracking technical data on users (see Analytics above).
Your contact information
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
E-mail us at jneville@colemuseum.org
Send mail to the following address:
405 Perry Road
Bangor, ME 04401
Additional information
How we protect your data
While there is no such thing as “perfect” security on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personally identifiable information. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, we do not assume any liability for third-party usage of your personal information, whether obtained legally or illegally from our system.
Transfer of Business Assets
As we continue to develop our business, we may be acquired, merge with another business, or acquire or buy other businesses or assets. In such transactions, both personally and non-personally identifiable information will likely be one of the transferred assets.
Cole Museum - Home
Cole Museum - Home
405 Perry Road
Bangor, Maine 04401
(207) 990-3600
Featured Exhibit
Veteran Programs
For Teachers
For Kids
How To Volunteer
Hours
Open Seasonally
June 15 to November 1
9 AM to 5 PM, 7 days a week
Admission
Adult Admission
$7.00
Age 62 and over
$5.00
AAA Admission
$6.00
Children under 19
Free