http://www.ntcmn.edu/about/privacy/
Privacy | About | Northwest Technical College
Northwest Technical College
Request Info
Show Search
Primary Menu
Skip to content
About
About
HomeOur Campus
Student Success
Administration
Business & Community
Student Consumer Information
Tuned Into Opportunity
Northwest Technical College is keenly focused on preparing you for a good-paying job and a rewarding career in one of the region’s most high-demand fields.
Career Paths
Career Paths
HomeAutomotive Service & Performance
Building Systems
Business
Child Care
Health Care
Manufacturing Technology
Right Career. Right Now.
Choose an academic program in one of NTC’s seven Career Paths. We’ll prepare you to succeed in a field that’s right for you.
Admissions
Admissions
HomeProspective Students
How to Apply
Visit NTC
Virtual Tour
Tuition & Aid
Your Future Starts Here
Come tour the NTC campus. Call for information. Our Admissions staff get you started so you can get ahead.
Student Success
Student Success
HomeTesting
Tutoring
Library
Student Life
Support Services
Need Help?
A Learning Community
Whether your classes are on campus or online, you’re part of the NTC community. Our staff and faculty are focused on you.
Workforce Development
Workforce Development
HomeAdvanced Minnesota
360
Scholarships
Meeting Employer Needs
NTC is an essential provider of advanced training and development for the emerging north woods economy.
Giving
Giving
HomeGive Now
About the Foundation
Scholarship Opportunities
Scholarship Support
Alumni & Employers
News
News
HomeReturn to Campus
Events Calendar
Photos & Videos
News Archive
Media Relations
People and Progress
Inspiring stories, campus happenings and the most important headlines at NTC.
Search for:
Search
Apply NowMyNTCDirectory
Home » About » Privacy
Privacy
The policy of Northwest Technical College is to respect the privacy of all website visitors to the extent permitted by law. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we will protect any information you choose to provide us.
There are four types of information that this site may collect during your visit: network traffic logs, web visit logs, cookies, and information voluntarily provided by you.
Network Traffic Logs
In the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for all users, the university employs software programs to do such things as monitor network traffic, identify unauthorized access or access to nonpublic information, detect computer viruses and other software that might damage university computers or the network, and monitor and tune the performance of the university network. In the course of such monitoring, these programs may detect such information as e-mail headers, addresses from network packets, and other information. Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of maintaining the security and performance of the university’s networks and computer systems. Personally identifiable information from these activities is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law, including Minnesota Statute 13.15.
Web Visit Logs
University websites routinely collect and store information from online visitors to help manage those sites and improve service. This information includes the pages visited on the site, the date and time of the visit, the Internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, the version of browser used, the capabilities of the browser and search terms used on our search engines. This site makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information: any personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent unless required by law, including Minnesota Statute 13.15.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information stored by your web browser on behalf of a website and returned to the web site on request. This site may use cookies for two purposes: to carry data about your current session at the site from one webpage to the next, and to identify you to the site between visits. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may turn them off in your browser, or may set your browser to ask you before accepting a new cookie. Some pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off. Unless otherwise notified on this site, we will not store data, other than for these two purposes, in cookies. Cookies remain on your computer, and accordingly we neither store cookies on our computers nor forward them to any external parties. Unless otherwise notified on this site, we do not use cookies to track your movement among different websites and do not exchange cookies with other entities.
Information Voluntarily Provided by You
In the course of using this website, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information, you may sign up for a mailing list, or you may send us your address so we may send you an application or other material. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests. We will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent, except to the extent required by law. We do not retain the information longer than necessary for normal operations. Each webpage requesting information discloses the purpose of that information. If you do not wish to have the information used in that manner, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the person listed on the specific page, or listed below, with questions or concerns on the use of personally identifiable information.
University websites provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. We do not control these sites and resources, do not endorse them and are not responsible for their availability, content or delivery of services. In particular, external sites are not bound by the university’s online privacy policy; they may have their own policies or none at all. Often you can tell you are leaving a university website by noting the URL of the destination site.
Minnesota Statute 13.15 provides that electronic access data may be disseminated: (1) to the commissioner for the purpose of evaluating electronic government services; (2) to another government entity to prevent unlawful intrusions into government electronic systems; or (3) as otherwise provided by law.
Feedback about this webpage.
About
HomeOur Campus
Facts & Figures
History
Economic Impact
Maps & Directions
Student Success
Administration
Mission, Vision & Strategy
Office of the President
NTC Awards of Excellence
Strategic Planning
About the President
Accreditation
Campus Forums
Human Resources
Policies
Under Review
Office of Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action
Institutional Research
Data & Reports
CCSSE Results
Enrollment Reports
Enrollment Dashboards
Data Request Form
Staff
Public Safety
Emergency Preparedness
Communications & Marketing
OCM Resources
Program Information Sheet Data Files
Business & Community
Advanced Minnesota
Student Consumer Information
Northwest Technical College
905 Grant Avenue SE, Bemidji, MN 56601-4907
Contact Us |
Maps & Directions
Phone: (218) 333-6600
Toll Free: (800) 942-8324
TTY: (800) 627-3529
A member of the colleges and universities of Minnesota State, Northwest Technical College is an affirmative action, equal opportunity educator and employer.
Northwest Technical College has been accredited by the Higher Learning Commission.
©2020 — Privacy | Accessibility | Terms of Use
Skip to toolbar
NOTICE: COVID-19 Status: YELLOW