https://www.sautech.edu/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWelcome
Welcome to www.sautech.edu or www.sautrockets.com. Both websites and the URL’s associated with the websites are the property of Southern Arkansas University Tech. This Privacy Policy was created to inform you of our practices in collecting data and any use we may make of such data. Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using, or submitting information, to the sites. Our sites are governed solely by applicable Federal and State laws and governmental regulations in the United States. Use of the sites constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using these sites, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via our sites, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Active Information Collection
Like many Web sites, our sites collects information from its visitors only by asking you specific questions and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail, or by feedback forms. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number, social security number, and so on).
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through a website, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. At this time this website only uses web server log files to collect passive information from each visitor. The information collected does not disclose any personal information about the user. Examples of what is collected may include what web browser you are using, what operating system you use, and what pages on our website you visit. None of this information is tied to any individual user.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to improve the content of our site, to customize the site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. If you provide personally identifiable information to this site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. An example of this may be to determine what ratio of course information requests have come from our web sites versus “snail mail” or telephone.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our sites may contain links or references to other websites. Please be aware that we do not control other websites and that, in any case, this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, disputes, or concerns about this Privacy Policy please contact us as follows:
Southern Arkansas University Tech.
Attention:
Kimberly Coker
P.O. Box 3499
6415 Spellman Road
Camden, AR 71701
or e-mail kcoker@sautech.edu
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on our sites. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 06/07/2018.
Search Feature Search for:
Toggle the Widgetbar