http://www.ferris.edu/library/about-us/policies.htm
Ferris Home
/
Library
/
About Us
/
Policies
Policies
The Ferris Library for Information, Technology & Education (FLITE) endorses the American Library Association Bill of Rights. Some services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those
that require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
Building
Animals in FLITE
In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), service animals are
welcome and permitted in the FLITE building. Service animals are dogs or miniature
horses individually trained to do work or perform tasks for an individual with a disability.
For additional information, see ADA Requirements for Service Animals. “Emotional support,” “comfort,” and “therapy” animals do not meet the ADA's definition
of service animals and are not permitted in FLITE.
To determine if an animal in the library is a service animal, FLITE employees may
ask the owner if the animal is required because of a disability and what work or task
it has been trained to perform.
Library employees should not ask for proof that the animal is a service animal, nor
should they ask the owner about the nature of their disability.
If other library users complain that they have allergies or are afraid of the animal,
library employees should attempt to accommodate those individuals in another location
away from the service animal.
In order to help maintain a safe and comfortable environment for all FLITE users and
employees, the following behavioral guidelines for service animals are to be observed:
Service animals must be in physical proximity to their handler and under handler control
at all times.
Service animals must be on a leash or harness at all times unless the use of a leash
or harness interferes with the animal's effective performance of its designated task(s).
If the animal cannot be leashed or harnessed, it must be under the handler's control
via voice, signals, or other effective means at all times.
Service animals must not display disruptive behavior such as barking and growling.
Service animals must be housebroken, and their handler is responsible for any upkeep
or clean-up of the animal.
In accordance with ADA guidelines, failure to comply with behavioral guidelines may
be grounds for a request to remove a service animal from FLITE. If the service animal
is excluded from FLITE, the individual with the disability is welcome in the building
and will be reasonably accommodated by FLITE employees.
Approved by Dean Jason Bentley, August 23, 2019
Food & Beverages
Beverages
In the public areas of FLITE, users are encouraged to use beverage containers with
lids to minimize spills. Should spills occur, please alert staff as soon as possible.
Cleaning supplies can be requested at the Checkout Desk and users are encouraged to
clean up their own small spills. Beverages are not allowed in the Goldie T. Nott Room. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
Food
Food is allowed in FLITE, with the exception of the Goldie T. Nott Room (FLITE 220).
Food is allowed in the Seminar Rooms and Instructional Studios, although a fee of
$25 will be charged to the person who made the reservation if excessive cleaning is
required. Groups are expected to leave Seminar Rooms and Instructional Studios in
the same condition and furniture configuration as when they entered the room. Cleaning
supplies for these spaces are available at the Checkout Desk. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020. Food and drink will only be allowed
in the FLITE Deck area adjacent to the door to the parking lot.
Reviewed by FLITE Library Administrative Council, April 2008. Revised and approved
by Dean Scott Garrison, January 6, 2017.
Goldie T. Nott Room
The Goldie T. Nott Special Collections Room (FLITE 220) is a limited access location
for materials from the Special Collections Department. It contains the rare books
collection and the plant patent collection. Patrons needing access to these materials
will need to make an appointment with the appropriate Special Collections staff member.
Materials may only be used in the room under supervision of a staff member and may
not be checked out. No food or drink is allowed in this room. Special handling rules
for materials apply at the discretion of staff.
Approved by FLITE Librarians Meeting: February 24, 2009
Library Zones and Noise
The Ferris Library for Information, Technology & Education (FLITE) is committed to
providing a welcoming and safe environment to enhance the learning experience of all
users. FLITE offers a variety of spaces to accomplish this including areas designed
to support research, studying, group projects, socializing, meeting, and other academic
endeavors. All library users are responsible for choosing an area of FLITE that bests
fits their needs. They are also expected to be considerate and respectful of others.
This policy was developed with input from students, faculty, staff, and visitors to
create acceptable sound levels in the various areas of FLITE.
The  2nd floor Reading Room has been turned into a silent student place. Floors 3
will be temporarily unavailable until further notice. Floor 4 has limited availability
for classroom instruction only.  These are the restrictions for fall semester 2020.
FLITE is divided into zones to assist you in finding the environment that most closely
meets your needs based on your planned library activity. These zones are as follows:
Hangout Zones ( Floor 1)
Working in groups is OK
You may talk and use your cell phone in a normal indoor voice
Group conversation is OK
Please be respectful of those around you
Patrons can expect noise at or below 80 dB
Conversation Zones ( Lower Level, Floor 1, Floor 2, Floor 4)
Working in groups is OK
You may talk and use your phone in a normal indoor conversational voice
Be considerate of library business and others’ work
Patrons can expect noise at or below 65 dB
Conversation should be heard only at your table
Please use the chairs for sitting, not the tables
Quiet Study Zones ( Floor 1, Floor 2, Floor 3)
Working in small groups is OK
Set phones to silent/vibrate
You may speak in low voices
Turn headphones down low
Patrons can expect noise at or below 50 dB
Silent Study Zones ( Floor 3, Floor 4)
Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  An alternate silent zone will be in the reading room on floor 2 for fall semester
2020.
Work in silence
Set your phone to silent
Turn headphones down low
Patrons can expect noise at or below 45 dB
If while visiting FLITE your needs change, please relocate to a more appropriate zone.
If you have a concern about an activity taking place in a zone that is not in alignment
with the expectations set forth in this policy, please contact FLITE personnel at
the Check-Out Desk (231-591-2669) or through the chat service to connect with a librarian.
We will address the matter as soon as possible by communicating directly with the
individual(s) involved and/or asking them to leave the library if necessary.
The Library Zone Policy is based on the University's Code of Student Community Standards,
also known as the Student Handbook. According to the Student Handbook, the policy
on disorderly conduct prohibits "Behavior that interferes with teaching, research,
administration, or other University or University authorized activity or that disrupts
the University environment either during an event or incident or as a result of an
event or incident." (Section IV, item B-7). The Student Handbook also prohibits the
"failure to comply with the directions of authorized University officials in the performance
of their duties." (Section IV, item B-9).
Library Staff, including student employees, are recognized as University officials
and are responsible for enforcing the zone policy.
For general expectations of appropriate behavior in FLITE, please see the Personal
Conduct Policy.
Approved by Dean Scott Garrison, April 25, 2017.
Outdoor Spaces
FLITE offers three outdoor spaces that are accessible to the public, weather permitting.
Expectations and guidelines for personal conduct within the library also apply to
these outdoor spaces, including the prohibition of smoking or use of any form of tobacco
products within 25 feet of any entrance.
Second Floor Balcony
The balcony on the second floor is accessible by groups that are granted permission
to reserve the Reading Room (FLITE 240). Requests to reserve this space may be submitted
to the Dean of the Library. In warm weather months, the doors to the Second Floor
Balcony are unlocked during library open hours and the space is accessible to all
when the room is not reserved. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
Fourth Floor Balcony
Groups using rooms 438, 442, and 446 have access to the FLITE fourth floor balcony
at the discretion of the group leader (i.e., the person responsible for checking out
the key). The balcony doors use the same keys as the corresponding entry doors into
438 and 442. Before exiting the room, the balcony doors must be closed and locked.
Banners hung from FLITE balconies must be approved by the Dean of the Library. The
design of any banners proposed for these areas must be approved by University Advancement
and Marketing. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
The Sunken Garden on the Lower Level
The lower level of FLITE provides access to the Sunken Garden, a space for contemplation
and conversation. In warm weather months, the doors to the Lower Level Sunken Garden
are unlocked during library open hours. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
Approved by FLITE Library Administrative Council October 16, 2002; Revised and approved
by FLITE Library Administrative Council February 3, 2010. Revised and approved by
Dean Scott Garrison, January 2017.
Paging via FLITE's Public Address System
The Public Address (PA) system will be used for general building emergencies and other
library and university purposes, to quickly contact all building occupants or to clear
the building. The PA system may also be used to make announcements involving personal
emergencies, defined a situations involving death, critical illness, or serious injury.
The PA system will not be used to make personal announcements. As an alternative to
using the PA system, FLITE staff will not vacate a service desk to look for anybody.
For emergency paging please contact the Ferris Department of Public Safety (FSU-DPS)
at 591-5000, and explain the nature of the emergency. If FSU-DPS confirms that an
emergency exists and that paging is warranted, they will contact the FLITE staff at
the Check-Out Desk.
Approved by FLITE Library Administrative Council. June 3, 2009.
Personal Conduct
The Ferris Library for Information, Technology and Education (FLITE) seeks to maintain
a safe and welcoming environment for studying, learning, research, and other academic
activities. The following rules and regulations regarding personal conduct are intended
to facilitate a productive and pleasant experience for all library users.
Prohibited Conduct
Conduct that disrupts or interferes with the normal operations of the Library, its
staff, or its use by other visitors is not permitted. Such conduct may include, but
is not limited to:
Harassing or disrespectful language, conduct, or treatment that discriminates against,
targets or negatively impacts any person based upon that person's race, color, religion
or creed, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital
status, veteran or military status, height, weight, protected disability, genetic
information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable State or federal
laws or regulations
Using language or gestures in public areas that other users consider abusive or obscene
Making unreasonable noise, including loud talking on a cell phone, using a cell phone
in speakerphone mode, or making video calls. 1
Using headphones at levels that are audible by others. 1
Playing audio openly via mobile devices or portable speakers. 1
Interfering with or obstructing the work of library staff through verbal abuse, intimidation,
or any form of harassment
Engaging in sexual conduct or lewd behavior
Possessing a knife, firearm, or any other weapon in violation of Ferris State University
or City of Big Rapids policy or ordinance
Smoking or using any form of tobacco products (including chewing tobacco and e-cigarettes)
in any interior or exterior part of the Library, or within 25 feet of any entrance
to the Library.2
Using alcohol or illegal drugs
Being in the Library during hours the Library is closed (allowed for Ferris State
University employees only)
Exhibiting personal hygiene that negatively impacts other users' use of the Library
Making unreasonable use of Library spaces (including prolonged sleeping, bathing or
laundering in rest rooms, or personal care involving electric devices)
Engaging in unauthorized soliciting, petitioning, vending, peddling, panhandling,
or canvassing in the Library's public spaces by individuals or groups external to
the University.3
Selling or advertising any goods or services by groups external to the University.
3
Using a bicycle, roller blades, skates, skateboard, in-line roller skates, hoverboard,
or similar devices. Such wheeled vehicles are only allowed in the library when carried
as personal property
Bringing an animal into the Library, unless it is a trained service animal assisting
a person with a disability or is otherwise sanctioned by the Dean's Office
Damaging, defacing, disabling, or misusing any Library materials, equipment, property,
or furnishings
Hostile or rowdy behavior, including but not limited to horseplay, fighting, threatening,
or abusing Library staff or patrons with words or actions
Blocking or obstructing any library entrance, exit, lobby area, staircase, aisle,
or walkway either in person or by using Library equipment or furnishings
Tampering with fire systems
Engaging in any activity in violation of federal, state, or local law or University
or Library policies
Please also be aware that:
The Library is not responsible for personal items that are lost, stolen, or damaged
on Library premises
Library staff reserve the right to inspect bags or other personal property when visitors
enter or leave the Library
Clothing and footwear must be worn in the Library
Some items in the Library cannot be copied because of copyright laws, poor condition,
or donor restriction. 4
The Library is not responsible for children who are left unattended on Library premises.
5
Library staff may ask users to show their Ferris State University or other ID at any
time
Large groups wanting to visit/tour the Library are required to obtain permission in
advance (except University-organized groups, e.g. orientation tours for incoming students.)
Users with disabilities may ask Library staff for reasonable accommodations
Users who do not follow the Library's general rules and regulations including the
above may be asked to leave and may lose their Library privileges. Users who violate
federal or state law, or FSU and/or City of Big Rapids rules and ordinances may also
be subject to arrest or other legal action
Related Policies1Library Zones and Noise (see above)2Board Policy: Smoking Policy3Board Policy: Campus Solicitation4Copyright5Unaccompanied Minors in FLITE (see below)
Code of Student Community Standards
Updated and approved by Dean Scott Garrison, May 2, 2017 Revisions approved by Dean Jason Bentley, August 23, 2019
Unaccompanied Minors in FLITE
The Ferris Library for Information, Technology & Education (FLITE) is oriented toward
the students, faculty and staff of Ferris State University. We cannot guarantee the
safety or protection of unescorted children in the building.
All children under the age of 14 must be accompanied by an adult while in FLITE. Unescorted
children will be required to rejoin a parent or caregiver. If a parent or guardian
cannot be located, the university department of public safety will be contacted. When
appropriate, exceptions may be made at the discretion of library personnel.
Access to, or use of, the Internet by minor children is the responsibility of the
parent or guardian. Unlike many public libraries, computer users at FLITE do not access
the Internet through a filter. While some local city and county policies may require
public libraries to provide filtered Internet access to minors, FLITE does not use
filtering software because this is a university library and does not offer services
to children.
All users of the FLITE computer labs are expected to follow the business policy letter
96:07, "Proper Use of Information Resources, Information Technology, and Networks Policy".
Approved by the FLITE Administrative Council, March 3, 2010
Circulation
Borrowing & Access Privileges
Students, Faculty, and Staff
The Bulldog Card, the official FSU ID that is issued to students and faculty/staff,
is the preferred form of identification for borrowing library materials. To activate
the Bulldog Card for library borrowing privileges, please present the card at the
library Checkout Desk and staff will scan the barcode to initiate privileges for borrowing
books, DVDs, and other library materials. Cards/borrowing privileges are non-transferable.
Although the Bulldog Card or FSU ID card is the preferred form of ID for activating
library accounts and for borrowing privileges, a driver's license or some other form
of official photo identification may also be used. Once an individual's record is
activated, materials may be checked out with the FSU ID card, with a driver's license,
or with some other form of official photo identification.
Resident patrons of the Big Rapids Community Library may request a Guest ID Card at
the Checkout Desk in order to borrow FLITE materials.
Patron Responsibilities
Patrons are responsible for any and all materials checked out with the FSU ID card.
Signature on FLITE library forms for guests are legally binding for all transactions
using a FLITE-issued library card.
Lost/stolen FSU ID cards should be reported by the cardholder at the Timme Center
for Student Services and the Department of Public Safety.
Alumni
Alumni and members of the Ferris Alumni Association may obtain a library card to check
out FLITE materials by completing the Library Card Application request form. It may be scanned and sent back via email at [email protected] If preferred, a
written request may be mailed to: Circulation Services, Ferris Library for Information,
Technology, and Education, 1010 Campus Drive, Big Rapids, MI 49307. Upon receipt of
the written request, a card will be issued within two business days to eligible requestors
and mailed to the address provided. This card grants borrowing privileges for print
or media in the library. It does not allow access to online library resources from
off-campus, as the use of these resources off-campus is limited to current FSU faculty,
staff, and students as determined by vendor agreements.
Guest ID Card
An annual Guest Library Card can be issued at no cost to non-FSU users by submitting
a completed Library Card Application. Guest cards may be renewed by providing FLITE
personnel with any changes or updates to the patron's information.
The guest card provides access to borrowing of media or print materials from FLITE
to guests, alumni, emeriti, faculty/staff spouses, institutions, or organizations.
A non-FSU guest must present a valid driver's license or other official photo identification
when the card is issued. FLITE accepts cards from other libraries with which it has
reciprocity agreements. Reciprocity Patron Cards must be barcoded and linked by the
reciprocating library.
Parent/Guardian consent is required for persons under the age of 18 years unless they
are Ferris State University students. The parent/guardian accepts final responsibility
for library fines and for charges related to damaged or unreturned material.
MelCat Visiting Patrons
Patrons of Michigan libraries that participate in reciprocal borrowing through MeLCat
may borrow select FLITE materials using their home library card. See the Visiting Patron FAQ for more information.
Checkout
FLITE Checkout Desk is open all hours the library is open in order to facilitate access
to the library's collections and spaces. Staff and student employees are available
to answer questions or to provide access to technology, course reserves, and study
rooms.
Holds (Books)
Since the stacks are closed, patrons may place a hold (request) on any circulating
items found in our catalog.  This guide will explain the process.
After you have placed your hold, you will receive an email informing you when your
book has been retrieved.  You may then either:
Pick up the item from FLITE hold shelf area located near the checkout desk, or
Call the number on the notice and we will bring the item to you in the circle drive.
We will deliver books from 9 AM – 5 PM on Monday – Friday.
Library Loan Periods
Item Type
Loan Period
Item Limits
Number Renewals
Overdue Fines
Undergraduate Students
Books/Gov. Documents
21 days
99
up to 3
None
Juvenile Books
21 days
99
up to 3
None
MelCat Loan
MelCat Video
28 days
28 days
50
50
1
1
None
None
Videos (DVD/VHS)
7 days
N/A
up to 3
None
Media
4 hours
N/A
N/A
N/A
Reserves
varies
4
1
varies
Study Rooms
4 hours
1
up to 2
$15 per hour
Laptop Computers
6 hours
1
1
$1.00 per hour
Graduate Students
Books/Gov. Documents
56 days
99
up to 3
None
Juvenile Books
21 days
99
up to 3
None
MelCat Loan
MelCat Video
28 days
14 days
50
50
1
1
None
None
Videos (DVD/VHS)
7 days
N/A
up to 3
None
Media Booking
4 hours
N/A
N/A
N/A
Reserves
varies
4
1
varies
Study Rooms
4 hours
1
up to 2
$15.00 per hour
Laptop Computers
6 hours
1
1
$1.00 per hour
Faculty and Staff
Books/Gov. Documents
180 days
99
up to 3
None
Juvenile Books
21 days
99
up to 3
None
MelCat Loan
28 days
50
1
None
Videos (DVD/VHS)
7 days
N/A
up to 3
None
Media Booking
7 days
N/A
N/A
N/A
Reserves
varies
4
1
varies
Study Rooms
4 hours
1
up to 2
$15.00 per hour
Laptop Computers
6 hours
1
1
$1.00 per hour
Lost Library Materials
FLITE materials that are lost or stolen should be reported promptly to the Checkout
Desk at 231-591-2669.
Replacement:
Actual replacement cost (if known) or average replacement cost will be charged for
all lost materials, plus a $20.00 processing fee and a $20.00 (non-refundable) service
fee.
Refunds:
If a book is returned six months or more past the due date, no refunds are made.
The replacement cost and the processing fee are refunded if the material is returned
in good condition within six months.
Overdue Fees
Overdue material will result in the suspension of library privileges and will incur
fees. Please see below for a specific breakdown of overdue fees:
General Collection (books and Government Documents)
No overdue fees are charged for up to 39 days.
Overdue material will result in the suspension of library privileges.
On the 40th day, a bill is sent to the borrower for replacement costs, which include
the cost of the item, the $20 (maximum) service charge, and the $20 processing fee.
Ferris students’ fees may be paid at the Timme Center for Student Services. Faculty/staff,
emeriti, and guest fees are to be paid at the library Checkout Desk.
Media
No overdue fees are charged for up to 19 days.
On the 20th day, a bill is sent to the borrower for the non-refundable service fee
of $20 in addition to the cost of the item.
Ferris students’ fees may be paid at the Timme Center for Student Services. Faculty/staff,
emeriti, and guest fees are to be paid at the library Checkout Desk.
Laptops
$1 per hour or portion thereof
Hourly Reserves
$1.00 for first hour.
$1.00 for each additional hour until returned.
Daily Reserve
$0.50 per day (daily reserves, reference, test reserves, etc.)
Renewals
Books borrowed from FLITE may be renewed three times. If a hold has been placed on
an item by another borrower, the item may not be renewed. Renewals may be made in
person, by telephone at (231) 591-2669, or online from My Account. Please see MeLCat Resource Sharing Policies for information regarding renewal of MeL items and ILL Policies for information regarding renewal of Interlibrary Loan items.
Services
Circulation of Reference Materials
Books and other materials designated as and housed in Reference collections represent
a valuable, discrete portion of a library's overall holdings. Containing the most
up-to-date quick fact, statistical, and informational resources, items in Reference
collections traditionally do not circulate in order to help ensure patron access at
the time when they need to consult them.
Resources may circulate from Reference collections, however, on a limited basis at
the discretion of the library personnel on duty. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020. Conditions which may warrant circulation of Reference materials include:
a suitable substitute is not found within the circulating collection/Main Stacks or
online
the information needed is not easily photocopied or scanned
As a guideline, Reference materials may be checked-out to a Ferris State University
faculty or staff member for a period that should not exceed three days and to a Ferris
student for a period that should not exceed 24 hours. A form, delineating the duration
of the checkout period and signed by the borrower, is required for the Checkout Desk
staff to circulate Reference material.
Fines on Reference materials will be assessed at the highest rate currently allowed
by the university for library items not returned on time. A 'grace period' is unavailable
for overdue Reference materials.
The following Reference materials should never circulate:
Legal Collection
Crimson and Gold/Ferriscope yearbooks
items currently in heavy demand due to a class assignment
This policy applies to any eligible Library patron’s personal use. Classroom or administrative
use is considered on a case-by-case basis.
Last revised: August 27, 2002; Approved by FLITE Library Administrative Council October
2, 2002; Approved by Dean Scott Garrison, June 13, 2017.
Display Space Usage
FLITE has display spaces throughout the building that are available for the display
of materials of interest to the Ferris State University community.    Display cases are only available for use on the first and second floors of FLITE.
Other cases are not available for fall semester 2020.
Display programming (both virtual and physical), shall support the university core
values.
Display space application forms are only available online. If you need assistance
in completing a form, please contact Josie Van Avery at (231) 591-3728.
The approval for displays will be at the sole discretion of the Library Display Coordinator.
Displays proposed by the staff of FLITE or from University-affiliated groups or individuals
will receive preference over external groups. Groups or persons proposing displays
with potentially controversial subjects are encouraged to meet with the Display Coordinator.
The Display Coordinator will assign display cases in consultation with the organization/individual
requesting the display.
To ensure enough time for review, planning, and set up, display spaces should be reserved
at least 30 days in advance. It is advised that 1st floor displays be reserved 60
to 90 days in advance.
Generally, a display's duration will be one month for 1st floor cases and 2 months
for all others.
Groups may be limited to one 1st floor case display per academic year.
Keys for display case setup may be obtained from the Checkout Desk or by coordination
with the Display Coordinator.
Displays MUST be set up within two days of the start date, and removed by the last
day of reserved time. Displays not set up within two days of start date may be forfeited
at the discretion of the Display Coordinator.
Displays will be reviewed within two business days after setup and photographed for
the library website. If a display is deemed to be in non-compliance with display guidelines,
the individual or organization responsible for the display may be asked to alter the
display after consultation with the Display Coordinator.
Displays not removed on time will be removed by the Display Coordinator and stored
for one month. If the removed display materials are not picked up within one month,
they will be disposed of at the discretion of the Display Coordinator.
No organization may set up a display more than twice a year and there must be at least
two months between display times
Stands and other display items such as push pins, plastic tablecloths, and fabric
for backdrops may be available from the Display Coordinator, and will be provided
as available
The identification of the sponsor/provider/creator of a display must be clearly indicated
within the display.
Neither the Display Coordinator nor the library will be held responsible for the loss
of or damage to materials on display.
The group or individual setting up and dismantling the display will be held responsible
for damage caused to the display space(s), shelving units, light bulbs, or other items
used to support the display if they caused the damage.
Prohibited Uses and Practices
Library display facilities may not be used to promote or advertise, whether directly
or indirectly, a commercial product or service; urge support or opposition to any
political candidate or issue; or urge support of or opposition to any religion or
religious belief.
Material that is obscene, defamatory, invades a particular person's privacy, or directly
incites violence will not be posted or displayed.
Material and equipment that, in the opinion of the Display Coordinator, are potentially
dangerous to FLITE users, staff, or property will not be permitted in displays.
Sponsorship or Endorsement
Use of FLITE display space by an organization or individual does not constitute Library
sponsorship or endorsement of that organization, individual, or the viewpoints or
activities they are promoting. Statements that either directly or indirectly imply
otherwise will not be permitted.
Non-compliance
Displays announcing or promoting fundraising programs or activities sponsored by not-for-profit,
non-commercial organizations will be permitted, provided the requirements stipulated
in this policy statement are met.
Use of FLITE display space by an organization or individual does not constitute Library
sponsorship or endorsement of that organization, individual, or the viewpoints or
activities they are promoting. Statements that either directly or indirectly imply
otherwise will not be permitted.
Questions not directly answered by these policies/guidelines may be forwarded to Josie VanAvery (231) 591-3728.
Display Case Reservation Form
Approved by the FLITE Leadership Team, October 13, 2004. Updated and approved by the
FLITE Administrative Council, December 7, 2006 and February 3, 2010. Approved by Dean
Scott Garrison, September 12, 2016.
Laptop/Camera Checkout
Laptops and digital cameras are available for checkout by Ferris State University
students, faculty and staff at the FLITE checkout desk. Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
A valid Ferris ID must be presented in order to check out equipment.
Only one laptop or digital camera may be checked out by an individual at any given
time.
Designated laptops may be checked out for up to six hours of in-library use only (excluding
the Extended Studies Area, during the hours when the main part of the library is open).
The borrower must provide a name, FerrisID barcode number, and signature on the Equipment
Checkout Agreement form, thereby agreeing
to accept full responsibility for the equipment in the event of damage or loss
to follow the guidelines outlined in Proper Use of Information Resources, Information Technology and Networks Policy by Ferris State University.
to wait while FLITE employees review the status of the equipment and its component
parts at the point of checkout and check-in , i.e. to verify that all parts have been
returned and are intact
to pay any fines accrued as a result of lost or damaged equipment or for equipment
that is past due:
Late fee: $1/hour or portion thereof/minimum charge
Missing/damaged power adaptor/cord: $60
Missing/damaged battery: $130
Missing/damaged carrying case: $70
Replacement cost for laptop: $1400
Replacement cost for digital camera: $300
Repair costs: will be assessed and may vary
FLITE personnel are not responsible for retrieving information or files that are lost
or left on laptop.
Equipment must be returned to the Checkout Desk by no later than 15 minutes prior
to the due date/time.
Equipment may only be renewed if nobody else has requested it.
If it is determined that the equipment is damaged at the point of check-in, a Suspected
Damage Form must be completed by the borrower.
Policy adopted July 15, 2006; revised in August 2012. Clerical updates on December
13, 2013. Revised and approved by Scott Garrison, Dean of the Library on January 30,
2016. Revised and approved by Scott Garrison, Dean of the Library on October 17, 2016.
Scheduled for review in July 2016.
Seminar Rooms and Instructional Studios
Reservations
Some services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those
that require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
FLITE’s primary purpose is to be a learning space for access to information and collections,
research and instruction, and individual and group study. Secondarily, FLITE is also
a meeting center for campus organizations. FLITE welcomes RSOs and other student groups
to use its meeting room facilities for business meetings, study sessions, lectures,
seminars, and other non-disruptive activities as long as the conduct of groups using
the building does not interfere with FLITE’s primary purpose as a learning environment.
(See FLITE’s Personal Conduct policy). RSOs and other student groups must submit a
FLITE Room Use Agreement each academic year before any room reservation requests will be approved. An RSO
officer or responsible representative of a non-RSO group must sign and agree to the
provisions of the Agreement.
FLITE is not an appropriate location for scheduling events and social activities that
are likely to disrupt the academic atmosphere of the building, including, but not
limited to, parties, celebrations, induction ceremonies, rush-related gatherings,
entertainment, and rehearsals. FLITE will deny reservation requests for such potentially
disruptive events and encourage requestors to reserve space in another appropriate
facility on campus. Additionally, FLITE facilities cannot be used for commercial purposes
or private profit. FLITE security staff will sweep the building periodically to monitor
noise and behavior on each floor.
FLITE Instructional Studios and Seminar Rooms are reservable through the FLITE Room
Reservation System for meetings, training, or instruction. Large study groups may
reserve the rooms for up to six hours per day. Reservations are suggested at least
one week in advance. Ferris-affiliated faculty, staff, and students may request to
use a currently unoccupied room without a prior reservation; however, additional equipment
or chairs may not be requested in these circumstances. To use a room without a reservation,
ask at the Checkout Desk to make the necessary arrangements. Rooms are generally not
available outside FLITE’s hours of operation. Any exceptions must be approved by the
Dean.
Seminar room reservations are approved on a first-come, first-served basis, with priority
given to members of the Ferris community. Student instruction conducted by librarians
or classroom faculty takes priority in reserving FLITE Instructional Studios. Studios
may be reserved for other purposes when not in use for student instruction. Instructional
Studios are also available for Information Commons overflow during peak times of the
academic year.
Reservation blocks are released one semester at a time. FLITE will issue announcements
a month prior to a semester’s end to give notice that the next semester’s block of
reservations has been made available. FLITE reserves the right to limit reservations
to one per week for each group/organization or to move meetings or events to maximize
the use of the facility for academic pursuits.
FLITE will attempt to give advance notice when reservation changes need to be made.
Because FLITE is not designated as a classroom building, rooms may be reserved for
up to 50% of the scheduled class time for the entire semester.
Additional Terms and Conditions
Groups should assemble quietly while waiting to enter a room and when leaving to avoid
disrupting FLITE’s academic atmosphere.
Groups reserving rooms in FLITE should conform to the FLITE Food and Beverages Policy
and be aware of the Ferris Business Policy on the Use, Rental, Lease of University Facilities. Misuse may result in termination of future reservation privileges.
A cleanup fee of $25.00 may be assessed for excessive mess left in any FLITE spaces,
regardless of University affiliation.
Any damage to the facility/equipment will be charged to the sponsoring organization
or person, regardless of University affiliation, at a minimum charge of $25.00 or
actual cost.
Groups must not exceed room occupancy limits.
For safety reasons, heating devices (curling irons, hot glue guns, heaters, small
cooking appliance, etc.) or items with flames are not allowed in FLITE spaces.
Cancellations
In order to accommodate other organizations and groups seeking meeting space, reservations
should be canceled as soon as possible if a scheduled room is no longer needed. Groups
will be issued a warning the first two times that they fail to show for a reservation
without canceling. The third time may result in the group’s loss of FLITE room reservation
privileges for the rest of the current semester.
Keys
Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020. Rooms will be unlocked by library
staff. Room keys are available at the Checkout Desk. A valid FSU ID card or a government-issued
photo ID will be required. In the event that a room key is lost, the appropriate fee
will be assessed from the university.
Equipment Available on Request
Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources. They are not available for fall semester 2020.
Conference phone (available in FLITE 112, 114, 438; calling card required)
Stacking chairs
Lapel microphone
Laptop computers (Requests to use FLITE laptops in conjunction with room reservations
must be received 24 hours in advance of the scheduled event)
Software Available Upon Request
The technology offered in the FLITE Instructional Studios and Seminar Rooms is provided
by the Technology Assistance Center (TAC). Submit requests for additional software
in these spaces to TAC at least two weeks in advance. Be advised that TAC may honor
last-minute requests for software (less than 24 hours advanced notice) for a service
fee of $300 per software title.
Room Fees
Room Types
Type I: No equipment available in the room.
Room 442 (12 seats)
Type II: Presentation station with computer & projection system, but no student computers.
Room 133 (30 seats)
Room 135 (21 seats)
Room 214 (21 seats)
Room 304 (20 seats)
Room 438 (25 seats)
Room 446 (25 seats)
Type III: Presentation station with computer & projection system and student workstations;
printing capabilities are available through Papercut printing procedures.
Room 108 (25 seats)
Room 110 (30 seats)
Room 112 (30 seats)
Room 114 (30 seats)
Patron Category A
FSU-registered student organization, FSU-related faculty/staff committee/group, or
University department using standard set-up, with no admission charge or fees associated
with the event.
Room Types
Patron Category A
Room Type I
$0.00/hour
Room Type II
$0.00/hour
Room Type III
$0.00/hour
Patron Category B
FSU-registered student organization, FSU-related faculty/staff committee/group, or
University department using standard set-up, with any revenue or fees associated with
the event. All regional and national conferences affiliated with University departments
and/or student organizations.
Room Types
Patron Category B
Room Type I
$0.00/hour
Room Type II
$15.00/hour
Room Type III
$30.00/hour
Patron Category C
Non-Profit Organizations with a federal tax-free number.
Room Types
Patron Category C
Room Type I
$0.00/hour
Room Type II
$20.00/hour
Room Type III
$45.00/hour
Patron Category D
All other non-University groups.
Room Types
Patron Category D
Room Type I
$0.00/hour
Room Type II
$40.00/hour
Room Type III
$60.00/hour
Additional Fees
A cleanup fee of $25.00 may be assessed for excessive mess left in any FLITE spaces,
regardless of University affiliation.
Any damage to the facility/equipment will be charged to the sponsoring organization
or person, regardless of University affiliation, at a minimum charge of $25.00 or
actual cost.
FLITE is not a conference facility. We do not have the staff to make room configuration
changes. If changes are made, the sponsoring organization or person, regardless of
University affiliation, is responsible for returning furniture (workstations, tables,
chairs, etc.) configurations to their original setup. A $25.00 fee may be charged
if any space is not returned to its original configuration.
For categories C & D, a $25.00 flat fee will be charged for the set-up and removal
of any and all additional equipment in each space.
Payment
Category B groups will be billed at the end of the month; category C and D groups
will be billed prior to the event. Fees may be paid via a University budget transfer,
cash, or check. All checks should be made out to: Ferris State University (FLITE).
Interpretation and implementation of this policy rests with the Room Reservation Coordinator
and the Instruction Coordinator. Questions/comments about rooms should be directed
to Rodney Gardei.
This rooms policy supersedes the previous Rooms Policy, Instructional Studio Usage
Policy and Use of FLITE Rooms without a Reservation Guidelines. Revised to maintain
consistency with University Rates Schedule as approved by President's Council. Approved
by Dean Scott Garrison, June, 2017.
Additions and revisions approved by Dean Jason Bentley, August 23, 2019.
Table Reservations
Services will be temporarily unavailable until further notice, especially those that
require physical access to spaces and resources.  They are not available for fall semester 2020.
Organizations may reserve a table in the FLITE lobby (Quad Entrance, west side) for
promotional purposes. Reservations are recommended at least 48 hours in advance through
the reservation system.
The table is intended to be used to promote campus events sponsored by registered
student organizations (RSO) or university units, class-related information, or public
service activities such as voter registration. Displays should be interactive in nature
and thus not appropriate for a FLITE display case.
Any event involving fundraising must secure permission from the Center for Leadership
and Career Services prior to submitting a reservation.
The table must be staffed by at least one representative from the RSO or university
office/class. To comply with fire code in terms of space utilization, a maximum of
three people may staff a table. They must remain at the table.
The positioning of the table must comply with fire code. Exit doors width must be
maintained from the point of egress through the lobby, vestibule, and outside. The
table must be kept back far enough to allow standing space and not impede traffic.
The table may not be reserved for direct or indirect promotion or advertising for
a commercial product or service or to urge support or opposition to any political
candidate, issue, or religious belief.
Posters, signs, etc. must fit on the table and may not be attached to the walls behind
the tables or placed on the glass panels or doors.
Individuals staffing a table are responsible for contacting the Checkout Desk to obtain
a table and chairs, and returning their table and chairs when finished.
Approved by the Library Administrative Council, March 20, 2002; revised version approved
by the FLITE Leadership Team, December 8, 2004. Revised again, October 7, 2009; revision
version approved September 2014; Revisions approved by Dean Scott Garrison August
30, 2016.
Other
Dress Code for all FLITE-based Student Employees
Student employees are expected to dress in a manner appropriate to their positions
and job duties as defined by their supervisors.
Approved by FLITE Library Administrative Council. July 14, 2009.
Emeriti & Retirees
Ferris emeriti and retirees may obtain their official Ferris ID at the Timme Center
for Student Services. Emeriti will retain the same library privileges as current faculty
and staff, subject to the licensing agreements with database service providers and
other vendors. All fees assessed will be at the same rate as faculty and staff. The
following describes specific library privileges for emeriti and retirees:
Borrowing Privileges: Most library materials can be borrowed with the official Ferris
Emeriti/Retiree ID under the same parameters as a current faculty or staff member.
Some restrictions are in effect, however, for materials reserved for certain academic
courses.
Use within FLITE Building: Emeriti are free to use books, journals/magazines, computers,
rooms, electronic databases, and other informational resources while in the building
during normal posted business hours. Services that normally incur a charge, such as
printing or photocopying still will be charged.
Interlibrary Loan: Interlibrary loan privileges for emeriti and retirees are exactly
the same as those for current faculty or staff members.
Remote Access: Remote access to library materials is very limited. In licensing agreements
most database vendors expressly limit access to currently enrolled students and currently
employed faculty and staff. We have a legal obligation to abide by these licenses.
Databases that provide statewide access are available through Michigan eLibrary using
one's driver's license number as a password. Access to the FLITE Online Catalog is
unrestricted.
Approved by Dean Scott Garrison. March 2017.
Privacy Policy
In accordance with the American Library Association's statement on privacy, the Ferris Library for Information, Technology and Education safeguards the privacy
of its users and will only disclose user records as required to do so by law.
The designated privacy officer for FLITE is the Dean of the library. All inquiries
for user information from law enforcement officials must be referred to the dean.
The Assistant Dean for Research and Instruction Services will fill the role of privacy
officer in the Dean's absence.
Approved by the FLITE Leadership Team, June 13, 2003. Revised and approved by Dean
Scott Garrison, January 6, 2017.
Library
Research & Writing
Citations
Databases by Major
Evaluating Sources
Research Help by Subject
Theses & Dissertations
Materials
Articles
Audio & Video
Books/eBooks
Course Reserves
Databases A-Z
Games, Toys, Models, Equipment
Government Documents
InterLibrary Loan
Journals
MeLCat
New Books
Patents/Trademarks
How-to
Course Reserves
FAQ
PILOT
Print/Copy/Scan
Tutorials
Reservations
Display Case
Equipment
Lobby Table
Rooms
Technology
Assistive Technology
Equipment
Laptops
Music & Media Room
Print/Copy/Scan
Software in the Library
University Archives
Kendall Library
Search MeLCat
Support FLITE