http://www.nemanet.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The New England Museum Association (“NEMA”) endeavors to protect your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible. As part of our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy governs your visit to this Web site and any other Web site operated by NEMA (collectively, the "Sites"). This Privacy Policy sets forth how we collect, store, use, disclose and transfer the personal information you provide through any of the Sites. "Personal Information" is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with this Privacy Policy before you submit any Personal Information to us on our Sites. By accessing this Site, you signify that you accept and agree to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy, and the practices described in it, as well as our Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or the Terms and Conditions of Use, please do not use this Site or submit any Personal Information.
Data Collection
When you log into the NEMA website, NEMA automatically collects information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to: (i) the name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet; (ii) the IP address of the website from which you linked directly to the NEMA website; (iii) the date and time you accessed the website; and, (iv) the pages you visited. This information (“Non-Personal Information”) does not identify you personally. We use this Non-Personal Information to monitor the effectiveness of the NEMA website and to consider potential improvements to the website and will not be shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
When you visit and use the Sites, we may need to collect certain Personal Information from you in order to provide and improve upon our products, our inventory and services. We do not ask you to provide any Personal Information to simply browse our Sites. If you wish, however, to participate in some of the features and services the Sites may offer, including features and services available to registered users, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information and/or non-personally identifiable or demographic information. Users who affirmatively choose to receive communications from us via a wireless device may be asked to submit a cell phone number to receive text messages. Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, home and/or business address, phone number, email address, as well as other non-personally identifiable information or demographic information such as your age, gender, income level, habits, or preferences. Your submission of demographic information is generally optional and rarely required. When such non-personally identifiable information is tied to you personally (i.e. with other personally-identifiable information), it will be treated as Personal Information. We do not collect Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information to communicate directly with users, such as to respond to inquiries, confirm registration information or your desire to opt-in to marketing communications from us, to inform users when they have won a sweepstakes or contest, to send you communications and offers by mail or email, or to fulfill a request for an online newsletter or other online subscription service, to keep you informed about the status of any transactions, to deliver gifts, prizes or rewards, to protect the security and integrity of our Sites, to correct technical problems and malfunctions on our Sites, to process your information, to take precautions against liability, to notify you of information concerning products or services, or to offer additional information about other products, programs, services, promotions or offers that may be of interest. We may also use Personal Information to identify your product and service preferences, to improve our promotional offers, customer service and overall user experience on our Sites, and to research, develop, manage and improve our Sites.
We may provide Personal Information to third parties who provide products and services on our behalf. These parties may use the Personal Information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us (e.g., data processing, fulfillment of an order, etc.) or special offers they provide the NEMA membership. Our service providers are obligated to protect your Personal Information. We may also provide third parties with aggregate statistics about traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during visits to our Sites each month, but it does not contain behavioral, profile, or identifying information about any individual user. We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if such information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order or by a government entity. We also may disclose Personal Information to third parties in response to legal request such as court orders, subpoenas, and specific requests from law enforcement agencies, if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions.
The Personal Information you provide to us in your online profile for this Site will be shared with other NEMA members in our Membership Directory unless you expressly opt out of sharing this information.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
NEMA takes reasonable physical, electronic and administrative security precautions to maintain the security and accuracy of Personal Information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access, loss, misuse or alteration. Only authorized NEMA personnel, including service providers, have access to the data. Notwithstanding the above, due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from a user, will be free from unauthorized access. By using our Sites, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of sharing Personal Information with us.
Contact With You
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by contacting us at nema@nemanet.org.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by contacting us using the above information. You may also receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can have your name put on our do-not-share list by contacting us at nema@nemanet.org.
From time to time, we may use Personal Information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.  If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check this page periodically.
New England Museum Association
About Us
Membership
NEMA Community
Conference & Events
Resources
Museums
NEMAppeal 2020
Donate Now
100 Years of NEMA
COVID-19/Coronavirus
Join Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Job Openings
List Your Museum
New England Museum Association
22 Mill Street, Suite 409Arlington, MA 02476 781.641.0013