http://www.thembatour.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
We’ve updated our Privacy Statement. Effective Date: June 22, 2020
Introductions & Definitions
Student Data
School Professionals, Vendors & Partners
Protecting Your Personal Information
Cookies & Similar Technologies
Who we areThe MBA Tour, Inc. is owned by GMGC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Graduate Management Admission Council. The GMAC Group consists of several legal entities, including The MBA Tour, Inc., to provide you with global access to meaningful information and opportunities.  To see a current list of the GMAC entities, click here. When we use “GMAC,” “GMAC family,” “GMAC Group” or “we” (or some derivative) in this Privacy Statement, we are referring collectively to the GMAC legal entities, including The MBA Tour, Inc., unless we make a clear distinction. Understanding this Privacy StatementYour privacy is important to GMAC. This Privacy Statement is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it, and the choices available to you.  We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time as we undertake new personal data practices.Websites linked to or from a GMAC websiteOur websites are linked to other websites that are not owned or controlled by GMAC. The privacy notices on those websites apply to your use of and interactions on those websites; this Privacy Statement does not. We encourage you to read those privacy notices.Not intended for childrenOur websites are not intended to be used by children. If you are under the age of 13 (or the applicable age in your country), please do not use our websites as we do not intend to collect your information.Privacy Statement updatesWe will update this Privacy Statement periodically. A change in the effective date will indicate that this Privacy Statement has been updated. If there are material changes to the statement or in how GMAC will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice on our websites or by sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to learn more about our information practices. Contact usPlease contact our Data Protection Officer using the contact information below:·       If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or the personal information you share with us·       If you wish to receive a physical copy of this Privacy Statement·       If you would like the contact information of our local representative in the EU.You also have the right to contact your local Supervisory Authority or other applicable regulator to express any concerns you may have. Contact: Data Protection OfficerEmail: privacy@gmac.comPhone: +1 (703) 668-9600 Toll-free in the U.S.: (800) 811-8042Postal Mail: The MBA Tourc/o Graduate Management Admission CouncilPO Box 2969Reston, VA 20195USAAttention: Data Protection Officer
Student Data
This page pertains to the personal data we collect from and about students, prospective students, alumni, and other users of our student-facing websites.  For information about the personal data we collect about school professionals, vendors, and sponsors, please click here.On this page, we explain:                 o   Who we areo   How we collect, use and share your datao   Your rights and how to exercise them Who we areThe MBA Tour, Inc is owned by GMGC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Graduate Management Admission Council. The GMAC family consists of several legal entities to provide you with global access to meaningful information and opportunities.  To see a current list of the GMAC entities, click here. When we use “GMAC” or “we” (or some derivative) in this Privacy Statement, we are referring collectively to the GMAC legal entities, including The MBAT Tour, Inc., unless we make a clear distinction. How we collect, use, and share your dataWe collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information through automated and other means as necessary to perform our contracts with you. We also give you the opportunity to increase your knowledge of graduate management opportunities, when you consent to us sharing your information with schools and other organizations, enabling them to learn about your aspirations and contact you about their programs, career opportunities, and other information related to graduate management education.  With your consent (if required), we may use your data to contact you via email, text, and other channels to inform you about products and services that we think would interest you. We may also collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information if doing so is reasonably necessary for a legitimate business interest, but only if we have carefully considered and determined that the use of your data has a minimal privacy impact on you, relative to the benefit gained.  We also consider whether we are processing your data in a way that you would reasonably expect, whether because we have informed you of that use, or a similar use, or because it is a typical way to use data.  Sometimes our use of your data directly benefits you, such as when we send you personalized recommendations for programs that you may be interested in as part of our free “My Recommendations” service or when we use your data to determine scholarship awards.  Sometimes using and sharing your data benefits schools and the field of graduate management education by providing insights about prospective students.  Other legitimate uses serve GMAC, such as when we use video monitoring at our test centers to protect the integrity of our tests.When we indicate that we may share your data, we may share it with organizations that may be outside of the country where you are located. These countries may have different privacy protections than the country where you are located.   When transferring your data, we use internationally recognized safeguards.  See the table below for the safeguards we typically employ for common types of recipients.
To better understand how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal data, including for our legitimate interests, continue reading our Privacy Statement below.
Account creationWe collect most information about you directly from you. To create an account on one of our websites (mba.com, gmac.com, nmat.org, businessbecause.com, thembatour.com), we need your name, email address, and password so you can create and access your account. To provide you with access to certain products and services, you may be required to include additional information in your account profile.
Candidate profile
When you visit one of our websites we may ask you to provide contact details, background information, and other information, so we can use that information and combine it with additional information to create your Candidate Profile.  Your Candidate Profile may also include information not directly provided by you, such as inferences based on the school pages you visit on our websites and your geolocation.  We use your Candidate Profile and other personal data for legitimate purposes, including research and development, communications, advertising, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes.
To achieve our mission of providing the solutions necessary for schools and candidates to discover and evaluate each other, we may use data from your Candidate Profile to assist us in creating predictive models and tools.  We may also apply predictive models and tools to your Candidate Profile and other personal data to advance this mission.  For example, we may analyze data concerning your field of interest, selected schools, and preferred location of study to identify schools that might be a good fit for you and to enhance your opportunities to connect with them at one of our tour events.
Sharing data within the GMAC family companies
GMAC believes that talent and opportunities should have no boundaries. Our mission is to provide the solutions necessary for schools and candidates to discover and evaluate each other from anywhere in the world. To facilitate these global connections, GMAC operates through several legal entities across the globe.
Through these entities, we continue to invest in relevant solutions that give you access to meaningful information and opportunities.  For this purpose, we have a legitimate interest in sharing your personal information among the GMAC entities. Each GMAC entity has agreed to comply with internationally recognized data protection standards.  This should give you assurance that we will respect your rights and take appropriate measures to protect your information.  To obtain a copy of those measures, contact privacy@gmac.com.
Products & servicesWe offer a variety of products and services to individuals considering business school.  Generally, we use the following data to perform our contract with you:
Depending on the product or service you purchase or use, our contract with you might require us to share your personal data with third parties.  For example, if you are registering for a tour event, we will share your contact information with schools so they can coordinate connecting with you at the tour event. We may also share your data with our vendors to administer the products and services to you.Because we continually strive to improve our products and services, we have a legitimate interest in seeking your feedback.  We may send you a survey about a product or service you used.  You may unsubscribe from these requests, but we hope you will take the time to let us know how we are doing.We may use your purchase information, performance information, and product usage data, in combination with other information, for the legitimate purposes of improving our products and services, including understanding user needs and interests to better tailor our products and services to meet our customers’ needs.  We also use this data for other legitimate purposes, including research and development, communications, advertising, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes.To learn more about how we collect, use and share your data for specific products and services, keep reading.
EventsGMAC hosts many events throughout the year, including online and in-person fairs and bootcamps. When you register for a GMAC-hosted event, download an event mobile application, or participate in other event-related activities, we may collect information from you to provide you with information and services associated with the event. With your consent (if required), we may use your data to contact you via email, text, and other channels to remind you about the events you have registered to attend.We may use a third-party platform for event registrations, in which case, the platform provider’s privacy notice will apply. The platform provider will collect your name, email address and certain other information, which they will share with us and any third-party co-hosting the event.  They will not share your payment information with us.  This Privacy Statement applies to our use of your data; if we have a co-host, our co-host’s privacy notice will apply to their use of your data.  We may track your registration and attendance at the events and sessions, as captured by event tracking technology, such as RFID technology and WhatsApp links.  Your Candidate Profile may be updated to reflect the event-related data we collect. To learn more about how we use your Candidate Profile, click here.  We use your data to advance our legitimate interests of improving our events and other products and services, research and development, communications, advertising, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes. Many of our events serve an important networking function, where you can meet with schools, other individuals considering graduate management education, and business club representatives.  We use and share your registration and event-related data to facilitate these connections for you.  Our events may also assist you in your journey by giving you the opportunity to learn about products and services offered by test prep providers, admissions consultants, event exhibitors and sponsors, and others.  We may share your personal data with these individuals and organizations, and permit them to use this data to further these legitimate interests.  With your consent (if required), we may permit recipients to use this information to contact you by email or text.  We may also permit them send you material by postal mail.  Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from marketing messages. As part of your registration, The MBA Tour may send you automated emails to notify you of MeetUp invitations from business schools. MeetUps are small group meetings between university representatives and candidates.  The MBA Tour may share your name, email address, and the information you provided at registration with participating business schools so they can coordinate connecting with you during the event, including MeetUps.  Business schools may search The MBA Tour’s registrant database to identify candidates who might be a good fit for them.You may have the option to download our events app to help you navigate the event and plan your schedule.  If you choose to use an event app, we may use the contact information you provided in the event registration or in your account profile to pre-populate your event app profile. You can create a profile and edit your information in the event app. Within the app we provide the ability to share, at your direction, your personal information with some social networks, schools, exhibitors, sponsors, and other attendees. At the event, GMAC may simplify your sharing of your personal information using scanning codes.  By allowing an exhibitor to scan your badge you are consenting to share your contact information, and other information you provided at registration, with the exhibitor, and thereafter you may be contacted by the exhibitor post-event. If you do not wish the exhibitor to contact you, please communicate this directly with the exhibitor.Photographs and audio/video recordings of you may be taken at events.  We do not use your data to identify you, but to promote our mission, events, and other products and services, and for other legitimate interests. If you participate in a virtual event hosted by GMAC,  GMAC may collect and share information with participating business schools about your interactions with the schools and their content during the virtual event, including for example whether you visited a school’s virtual booth or downloaded a school’s materials.  The use of video-enabling technology may result in the disclosure of additional data.  For example, images of you, your surroundings, and your shared screen may be disclosed to GMAC, participating schools, and other event participants.  You are solely responsible for determining what information you share during a virtual event and whether it is appropriate and lawful to share with other participants. GMAC is not responsible for any business schools’ or other participants’ collection or use of any information you share through your participation in the virtual event.  Subject to applicable laws and regulations, GMAC may record and store the video, audio, chat comments and other content presented or shared during a virtual event.  This content may be used and disclosed for legitimate purposes, including research and development, communications, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes.As a part of the tour event registration, we may collect information that may be considered sensitive, including health-related data to evaluate and provide accommodation requests. WebinarsWe typically use third-party webinar platform providers to deliver webinars to you.  You may be directed to a platform provider’s website to register your details in order to attend a webinar.  The platform provider will collect your name, email address, and certain other information, which they will share with us.  They will not share your payment information with us.  Your Candidate Profile may be updated to reflect that you attended this webinar.  To learn more about how we use your Candidate Profile, click here.Many of our webinars are interactive, so your chat messages may be publicly viewable by others, and we may collect your comments, questions, and polling responses, and use them to provide you with answers to your questions, to follow-up with you on events and topics that appear to interest you, and to advance our legitimate interests of improving our webinars and other products and services, research and development, communications, advertising, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and with others for the same purposes. We may share this data, and your contact information, with the webinar’s co-hosts, speakers, and panelists and permit them to use this data to further their legitimate interests.  With your consent (if required), we may permit recipients to use this information to contact you about their products and services. Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from marketing messages. Candidate search serviceTo advance our mission to enable candidates and schools to discover and evaluate each other, we offer you the opportunity to share your personal data with our school subscribers and other organizations. Sharing your personal data makes it possible for these organizations to communicate directly with you.  You can join a candidate search service, such as GMASS™ search service, only by giving consent.  If you join, we will share your information with schools and other organizations so they may contact you about programs, financial aid, career opportunities, test prep, and participation in research studies.  We may contact you directly on behalf of the GMASS participants.  We may use your Candidate Profile and other information about you, such as your score sending selections, to create customized lists for GMASS participants.For more information about the GMASS service click here.  ResumesThe MBA Tour provides you with the ability to upload your resume to your MBA Tour account, for business schools to access and download. The MBA Tour does not control how business schools use your resume. Insight toolsFor certain services, we collect and analyze your data for the legitimate purpose of providing customized insights to better serve you. For example, when you complete the “Calling All Optimists” questionnaire or “What Motivates You?” survey on mba.com or on a school’s website, we have a legitimate interest in promoting management education by using your information to identify resources that fit your aspirations and motivations. Similarly, when you register on a GMAC website, our free My Recommendation service provides you with additional information and recommendations on graduate management programs that might interest you. We may use your performance information (such as scores from a GMAC-owned assessment), product usage data (such as your score sending activity), and location data, in combination with other information, for the legitimate purposes of improving our products and services, understanding user needs and interests, and to better tailor our product and services to meet our customers’ needs.  For example, if you have taken the GMAT™ exam, we determine which schools to recommend to you by comparing information about you, including your interests, score sending behaviors, test performance level or ranking, and background information, with those of other individuals to help match you with schools that are a good fit for you. Schools use this information to select and invite candidates to attend their small group MeetUps.We may include in your Candidate Profile, data related to your use and performance of our test prep products.  For example, we may use your test prep results to assign a ranking or performance level in our search service tools to help schools share communications about their programs with candidates who might be a good fit.  To learn more about how we use your Candidate Profile, click here.We may provide online tools to schools and other organizations to host on their websites, such as our GMAT™ Mini-Quiz or “What Motivates You?” survey. If you access a GMAC tool through a third-party website, we will, with your consent (if required), share with that school or organization your email address, metadata, and the country in which you are located (based on your IP address) so they can communicate with you about opportunities and services they offer.  Depending on the laws applicable to you, you may not receive your results from the insight tool unless you give this consent.  Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from receiving marketing messages.Depending on the tool, we may provide additional information to the hosting organization, but only if we inform you.  For example, we share your motivation category from your What Motivates You? survey. Your insight tool results may be included in your Candidate Profile.  To learn more about your Candidate Profile, click here.
ResearchWe see a world where individuals can benefit from matching their talent and aspiration with the best business school education for them.  That is our vision.  To advance our vision, our research team may analyze survey results, your Candidate Profile, and other data, including your product usage, product results (test scores), website usage, and information legally obtained from other sources, including schools, school accreditation bodies, data brokers, public record sources, and social media platforms.  We use the research results for the legitimate purpose of providing you, schools, and the graduate management education (GME) community with insights across the student lifecycle, from candidates’ first consideration of GME to alums’ career trajectories.  This information helps schools develop strategies and provide relevant programs and courses for students.  We also analyze your personal information to create parameters for curated school marketing databases and strategies.  We may share your personal information with third party service providers to conduct research.Our published research reports do not include your personal information.   To make sure that our aggregation effectively anonymizes our data, we define minimum acceptable group sizes.  Many of our reports are publicly available.  Other reports are available only to our members, participating organizations, or specific sponsors.   To read our publicly available research briefs and papers, visit this page.GMAC also analyzes your personal information for our own legitimate interests related to our products and services, such as improving our products and services, developing new products and services, expanding and developing new markets, market research, and demonstrating the value of our products and services.  For example, we conduct assessment validity studies for schools to demonstrate how our assessments correlate to classroom performance.  When we conduct an assessment validity study for a school or organization, they may share your name or identifier and your GPA with us, so we can compare your performance on our assessment with your performance in their program. The validity study report provided to the school or organization includes only aggregated, anonymous data, not your personal information.When there is a legitimate interest, we may also share your personal information with third-party researchers, including academic researchers and corporate researchers.  For example, we may provide assessment score-sending data to a university professor to explore student mobility.  Third-party researchers are contractually obligated to safeguard your personal information and they are not permitted to publish your personal information.To further our legitimate interests, we may invite you to participate in one or more surveys.  You may have provided your email to us or, where legally permitted, we may have obtained it from a third party, such as a school or data broker. When you participate in a research survey, we may collect your email address and contact information so we can contact you to provide you with follow-up reports, an opportunity to enter into a sweepstakes, or follow-up research. We may also request information such as opinions, attitudes, background information, and evaluations of our products and services. This information may be combined with information about you that we have already collected. We value your responses, but research survey participation is optional, and we will honor your request to unsubscribe from these invitations.Interest-based advertisingWe and our partners display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across GMAC and other websites and platforms. This includes our apps.  Interest-based advertising or “online behavioral advertising” includes ads served to you after you leave our website, encouraging you to return. They also include ads we think are relevant based on your browsing habits or online activities. These ads are served across the GMAC company family websites and on your social media feeds. They might also be served in emails. We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads. They might be about our products or other companies’ products. We may use your personal data to identify people with traits similar to yours, so we can display advertisements that may be of interest to them. Where legally required, we get consent to engage in interest-based advertising.To decide what is relevant to you, we have a legitimate interest in using information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. We gather this information using tracking tools (Google Analytics, HubSpot, Salesforce) and cookies and may share it with social media platforms to help us identify people with similar interests. For example, we or our partners might look at your event and webinar registration or GMAC website browsing behaviors. We might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others. We work with third parties who help gather this information. For more information on interest-based advertising and to manage your preferences for these activities, see Cookies and Similar Technologies. Direct MarketingWe use your personal information, including your Candidate Profile, purchase information, performance information, and your behavior on our websites, to curate and determine how to personalize our communications with you.  We also use it to identify products, events, articles, promotions, research, and services that may be of interest to you, including information and offers from GMAC, schools, and our strategic partners.  Because we use this data to benefit you, and for our legitimate purposes, you have the right to object at any time to our use of your personal information in this way. For information on how to object, see Your Rights.You will receive marketing materials from us if you have requested that information from us.  You may also receive marketing materials, email newsletters, or email promotions from us if you have provided consent that confirms you want to receive marketing messages from us.  Typically, we obtain consent directly from you, but sometimes, where permitted, a third party may obtain consent from you.  You have the right, at any time, to unsubscribe from receiving marketing messages from us. Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from receiving marketing messages. To give you flexibility in your preferences, if you have an account on multiple GMAC Group websites, changing your preferences on one website will not automatically change your preferences on the other websites.PromotionsWe collect your name, email address, entry requirements, and street address (if needed) to administer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions. Some of these activities have additional rules that could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your personal information, so it is important that you read the additional rules carefully.We may share your personal information with third parties who are co-sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and other promotions.  If you are a winner of one of these events, we may publish your name and country of residence in accordance with the applicable laws.  Our promotions may also request or require consent from you to receive marketing communications from GMAC or others.  Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from marketing messages. To the extent that the terms and conditions of the rules concerning the treatment of your personal information conflict with this Privacy Statement, the terms and conditions of the rules apply.Some of our promotions, such as our refer-a-friend campaigns, allow messages to be sent to someone else through our websites.  When you use this functionality, you are telling us that you are allowed to provide us with your friend’s name and email address, phone number, or other contact information for our use, including sending marketing emails and texts, where permitted by law.AmbassadorsWe know many prospective students want to hear about graduate management education directly from current students, alumni, and other prospective students. We have created an ambassador program, where students and former students will share their experience and insights with you and answer certain questions you may have about your GME journey.  To make the ambassadors more accessible to you, we may host on our website, and on a school’s website, a tool through which you can directly communicate with our ambassadors.  We license this tool from a third party, and their privacy policy governs their collection and use of your data associated with using the service.  Your information is shared with us, and our use of this information is governed by this Privacy Statement.  We use this data for the legitimate purposes of monitoring our ambassadors and improving our ambassador program and for other legitimate purposes.Customer careIf you contact us for support or to report a problem or concern (regardless of whether you have created an account) we collect and store your contact information, messages, and other data about you such as your name, email address, location, operating system, IP address, and any other data you provide or that we collect through automated means.  We use this data for the legitimate purposes of responding to you and researching your question or concern.  We may also use this data, and share it with our vendors, to improve products and services, to comply with legal processes, to enforce our terms and conditions, to protect our operations, to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or those of yours or others; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.Fraud prevention & securityWe collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information to detect and prevent fraud or other unlawful activity, to confirm authorized users, and to protect and maintain the security of our products and services and their users.Corporate and legal usesWe collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information (a) as part of a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets, or an equity investment that result in a new subsidiary or corporate affiliate of GMAC, (b) when compelled by law to do so (such as by court order, investigation, or subpoena), including laws outside your country of residence, (c) as required by legal proceedings (including defense of legal claims), (d) to enforce our terms and conditions, (e) to protect our operations, (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, (g) to resolve disputes, and (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Your rights and how to exercise themIn many countries, individuals have the rights listed in the table below.  These rights are subject to applicable restrictions and limitations. In certain cases, your request may be denied based on a legitimate exception, such as where we are prevented from disclosing such information based on legal requirements, where we have overriding legitimate grounds for retaining and/or processing the data for fraud prevention or security concerns, or where we need to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims.  For example, if a test taker has committed fraud in taking the NMAT by GMAC exam, GMGC (India) may alert the other GMAC entities of this incident to protect the integrity of our other tests and services. Your rightsExercising your rightsUpdate your dataYou have the right to request us to correct your data if you believe your information is inaccurate or incomplete. If you have an account with us, you may update certain types of information by updating your account profile and preferences.  Otherwise, to request a correction, please contact customer care.Unsubscribe from marketing emails and textsTo unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails and texts from GMAC, click the unsubscribe link included in the email, reply to the text message with STOP, update your account preferences, or contact customer care.   To give you flexibility in your preferences, if you have an account on multiple GMAC Group websites, changing your preferences on one website will not automatically change your preferences on the other websites.If we have shared your information with another organization to contact you about their programs and offerings, you must contact that organization directly to unsubscribe or change your preferences regarding marketing communications from them. You may contact customer care to request assistance from us.Access your dataYou have the right to know what personal information, or the categories of such data, an organization holds about you, how they are using it, who they are sharing it with, and the source of your data.  To access your data, please contact privacy@gmac.com or customer care.Data portabilityYou may receive your information in electronically portable form.  To submit a request please contact us privacy@gmac.com or customer care.Delete dataYou may request that your information be deleted. Deleting your data may limit your ability to use our services. For example, if we delete your account, you will not be able to participate in events for which you have registered. To object to or restrict our processing of your dataIn some circumstances, you have the right to object to or restrict the processing of your data by contacting privacy@gmac.com or customer care.
Please visit the tab titled Cookies and Similar Technologies for more information about changing your other preferences.
School Professionals, Vendors & Partners
This page pertains to the personal data we collect from and about school professionals, vendors, partners, and exhibitors.  For information about the personal data we collect about students, prospective students, alumni, and other users of our student-facing websites, please click here.
Who we are
The MBA Tour, Inc. is owned by GMGC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Graduate Management Admission Council. The GMAC family consists of several legal entities to provide you with global access to meaningful information and opportunities.  To see a current list of the GMAC entities, click here. When we use “GMAC” or “we” (or some derivative) in this Privacy Statement, we are referring collectively to the GMAC legal entities, including The MBAT Tour, Inc., unless we make a clear distinction.
How we collect, use, and share your data
We collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information through automated and other means as necessary to perform our contracts with you. With your consent (if required), we may use your data to contact you via email, text, and other channels to inform you about products and services that we think would interest you. We may also collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information if doing so is reasonably necessary for a legitimate business interest, but only if we have carefully considered and determined that the use of your data has a minimal privacy impact on you, relative to the benefit gained.  We also consider whether we are processing your data in a way that you would reasonably expect, whether because we have informed you of that use, or a similar use, or because it is a typical way to use data. With your consent (if required), we may share your personal information with sponsors and exhibitors to send you marketing communications.
When we indicate that we may share your data, we may share it with organizations that may be outside of the country where you are located. These countries may have different privacy protections than the country where you are located.   When transferring your data, we use internationally-recognized safeguards:
· When the recipient is in a location designated by the EU regulators as having adequate privacy protections
· When the recipient is under the US’s Privacy Shield program
· When the recipient signed model data privacy clauses approved by the EU regulators
School professionals
Account creation
We collect most information about you directly from you. To create an account on one of our websites (gmac.com, nmat.org, businessbecause.com, thembatour.com), we need your name, professional email address, and password so you can create and access your account. To provide you with access to certain products and services, you may be required to include additional information in your account profile.  Score reporting websites may be maintained by our service providers, in which case, their privacy notice governs that website.
When you visit one of our websites we may ask you to provide contact details, background information, and other information, so we can use that information and combine it with additional information to create your profile, which we use for legitimate purposes, including communications, advertising, security, corporate and legal matters, and research and development (including survey requests), as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes.
Sharing data within the GMAC family companies
GMAC believes that talent and opportunities should have no boundaries. Our mission is to provide the solutions necessary for schools and candidates to discover and evaluate each other from anywhere in the world. To facilitate these global connections, GMAC operates through several legal entities across the globe.
Through these entities, we continue to invest in relevant solutions that give your organization access to meaningful information and opportunities.  For this purpose, we have a legitimate interest in sharing your personal information among the GMAC entities. Each GMAC entity has agreed to comply with internationally recognized data protection standards.  This should give you assurance that we will respect your rights and take appropriate measures to protect your information.  To obtain a copy of those measures, contact privacy@gmac.com. Products & servicesWe offer a variety of products and services.  Generally, we use the following data to perform our contract with you:
We may also share your data with our vendors to administer the products and services to you. Because we continually strive to improve our products and services, we have a legitimate interest in seeking your feedback.  We may send you a survey about a product or service you used.  You may unsubscribe from these requests, but we hope you will take the time to let us know how we are doing.
We may use your purchase information and product usage data, in combination with other information, for the legitimate purposes of improving our products and services, including understanding user needs and interests to better tailor our product and services to meet our customers’ needs.  We also use this data for other legitimate purposes, including research and development, communications, advertising, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes.
Events
GMAC hosts many events throughout the year. When you register for a GMAC-hosted event, download an event mobile application, or participate in other event-related activities, we may collect information from you to provide you with information and services associated with the event. We may use a third-party platform for event registrations, in which case, the platform provider’s privacy notice will apply. The platform provider will collect your name, email address and certain other information, which they will share with us and any third-party co-hosting the event.  They will not share your payment information with us.  This Privacy Statement applies to our use of your data; if we have a co-host, our co-host’s privacy notice will apply to their use of your data.  We may track your registration and attendance at the events and sessions, as captured by event tracking technology, such as RFID technology and WhatsApp links.
Many of our events serve an important networking function.  We may share your personal data with other event registrants and participating organizations and permit them to use this data to further these legitimate interests.  With your consent (if required), we may permit recipients to use this information to contact you by email or text.  We may also permit them send you material by postal mail.  Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from marketing messages.
You may have the option to download our events app to help you navigate the event and plan your schedule.  If you choose to use an event app, we may use the contact information you provided in the event registration or in your account profile to pre-populate your event app profile. You can create a profile and edit your information in the event app. Within the app we provide the ability to share, at your direction, your personal information with some social networks, schools, exhibitors, sponsors, and other attendees. At the event, GMAC may simplify your sharing of your personal information using scanning codes.  By allowing an exhibitor to scan your badge you are consenting to share your contact information with the exhibitor, and thereafter you may be contacted by the exhibitor post-event. If you do not wish the exhibitor to contact you, please communicate this directly with the exhibitor.
Photographs and audio/video recordings of you may be taken at events.  We do not use your data to identify you, but to promote our mission, events, and other products and services, and for other legitimate interests.
We typically use third-party platform providers to deliver virtual events to you.  You may be directed to a platform provider’s website to register your details in order to attend a virtual event. The platform provider will collect your name, email address, and certain other information, which they will share with us.  They will not share your payment information with us.  Your profile may be updated to reflect that you attended the virtual event.
If you participate in a virtual event hosted by GMAC, the use of video-enabling technology may result in the disclosure of additional data, such as images of you and your surroundings and shared screen may be disclosed to GMAC, participating schools, and other event participants.  You are solely responsible for determining what information you share during a virtual event and whether it is appropriate and lawful to share with other participants. GMAC is not responsible for any other participants’ collection or use of any information you share through your participation in the virtual event.  Subject to applicable laws and regulations, GMAC may record and store the video, audio, chat comments and other content presented or shared during a virtual event.  This content may be used and disclosed for legitimate purposes, including research and development, communications, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and others for the same purposes.
Webinars
We typically use third-party webinar platform providers to deliver webinars to you.  You may be directed to a platform provider’s website to register your details in order to attend a webinar.  The platform provider will collect your name, email address, and certain other information, which they will share with us.  They will not share your payment information with us.  Your profile may be updated to reflect that you attended this webinar.
Many of our webinars are interactive, so your chat messages may be publicly viewable by others, and we may collect your comments, questions, and polling responses, and use them to provide you with answers to your questions, to follow-up with you on events and topics that appear to interest you, and to advance our legitimate interests of improving our webinars and other products and services, research and development, communications, advertising, security, and corporate and legal matters, as well as sharing that data with the GMAC family companies and with others for the same purposes. We may share this data, and your contact information, with the webinar’s co-hosts, speakers, and panelists and permit them to use this data to further their legitimate interests.  With your consent (if required), we may permit recipients to use this information to contact you about their products and services.  Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from marketing messages.
Direct Marketing
We use your personal information, including your profile, purchase information, and your behavior on our websites, to curate and determine how to personalize our communications with you.  We also use it to identify products, events, articles, promotions, research, and services that may be of interest to you.  Because we use this data to benefit you, and for our legitimate purposes, you have the right to object at any time to our use of your personal information in this way. For information on how to object, see Your Rights.
You will receive marketing materials from us if you have requested that information from us.  With your consent (if required), you may also receive marketing materials, email newsletters, or email promotions from us.  Typically, we obtain consent directly from you, but sometimes, where permitted, a third party may obtain consent from you.  You may have the right to unsubscribe from receiving marketing messages from us.  Click here to learn more about unsubscribing from receiving marketing messages.
Customer care
If you contact us for support or to report a problem or concern (regardless of whether you have created an account) we collect and store your contact information, messages, and other data about you such as your name, email address, location, operating system, IP address, and any other data you provide or that we collect through automated means.  We use this data for the legitimate purposes of responding to you and researching your question or concern.  We may also use this data, and share it with our vendors, to improve products and services, to comply with legal processes, to enforce our terms and conditions, to protect our operations, to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or those of yours or others; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Fraud prevention & security
We collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information to detect and prevent fraud or other unlawful activity, to confirm authorized users, and to protect and maintain the security of our products and services and their users.
Corporate and legal uses
We collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal information (a) as part of a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets, or an equity investment that result in a new subsidiary or corporate affiliate of GMAC, (b) when compelled by law to do so (such as by court order, investigation, or subpoena), including laws outside your country of residence, (c) as required by legal proceedings (including defense of legal claims), (d) to enforce our terms and conditions, (e) to protect our operations, (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, (g) to resolve disputes, and (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Vendors, exhibitors, and partners
We collect, use, share, and otherwise process personal information of vendors, exhibitor, and partners (a) as reasonably necessary to perform a contract, (b) with your consent (if required), (c) for legitimate purposes, (d) as part of a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets, or an equity investment that result in a new subsidiary or corporate affiliate of GMAC, (e) when compelled by law to do so (such as by court order, investigation, or subpoena), including laws outside your country of residence, (f) as required by legal proceedings (including defense of legal claims), (g) to enforce our terms and conditions, (h) to protect our operations, (i) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, (j) to resolve disputes, and (k) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
Your rights and how to exercise themIn many countries, individuals have the rights listed in the table below.  These rights are subject to applicable restrictions and limitations. In certain cases, your request may be denied based on a legitimate exception, such as where we are prevented from disclosing such information based on legal requirements, where we have overriding legitimate grounds for retaining and/or processing the data for fraud prevention or security concerns, or where we need to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims.    Your rightsExercising your rightsUpdate your dataYou have the right to request us to correct your data if you believe your information is inaccurate or incomplete. If you have an account with us, you may update certain types of information by updating your account profile and preferences.  Otherwise, to request a correction, please contact customer care.Unsubscribe from marketing emails and textsTo unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails and texts from GMAC, click the unsubscribe link included in the email, reply to the text message with STOP, update your account preferences, or contact customer care.   To give you flexibility in your preferences, if you have an account on multiple GMAC Group websites, changing your preferences on one website will not automatically change your preferences on the other websites.If we have shared your information with another organization to contact you about their programs and offerings, you must contact that organization directly to unsubscribe or change your preferences regarding marketing communications from them. You may contact customer care to request assistance from us.Access your dataYou have the right to know what personal information, or the categories of such data, an organization holds about you, how they are using it, who they are sharing it with, and the source of your data.  To access your data, please contact privacy@gmac.com or customer care.Data portabilityYou may receive your information in electronically portable form.  To submit a request please contact us privacy@gmac.com or customer care.Delete dataYou may request that your information be deleted. Deleting your data may limit your ability to use our services. For example, if we delete your account, you will not be able to participate in events for which you have registered. To object to or restrict our processing of your dataIn some circumstances, you have the right to object to or restrict the processing of your data by contacting privacy@gmac.com or customer care.
Please visit the tab titled Cookies and Similar Technologies for more information about changing your other preferences.
Protecting Your Personal Information
Our information security program
We have implemented an information security program consisting of physical controls (to limit the access to physical media and devices containing the information), technical controls (to limit on-line access to information), and administrative controls (to limit the people who have access to your information) to protect your information. The effectiveness of our security program is periodically audited allowing for improvements to be made.
Data retention and destruction
We retain your information for only as long as needed to provide you with requested services, to meet our governance responsibilities, to comply with legal requirements, for business operations, and to protect against fraud and theft and as required or permitted by law.  Aggregated information from which an individual cannot be identified is retained for research and product development purposes for research and business operations.
Your role in protecting your information
As a user, you contribute to our security efforts by creating a user-id and password to access your information on our websites. Creating a strong, difficult to guess password enhances the security of your information. Also, please remember to avoid sharing your user-id and password with anyone. It is also recommended that you do not save your user-id and password on your computer or anyone else’s computer.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
At GMAC, the security of your information and the experience you have when visiting our websites is important to us.  So we use cookies and other tracking technologies to customize content and advertising, provide social media features, see how you move through our website, and determine what information might want to receive on our site, via email, or messaging. We use this information to make decisions about ways to improve the services we offer you.
GMAC and its authorized third parties use cookies and these other technologies for various purposes, including sign-in and authentication, storing and processing preferences and settings, security, storing information you provide, and capturing information for analytics, promotion, and advertising purposes.  These purposes are described in more detail below.
You may limit how we and third parties utilize these technologies as described in the “Cookie controls and advertising choices” section below.
Sign-in and authentication
We use cookies to authenticate you. For example, when you sign in using an account as a registered user, we use a cookie placed on your device to allow you to move across different pages of our websites without having to sign in again on each new page you visit. Cookies also allow you to save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you visit a particular website or service.
Storing your preferences, settings, and information you provide
We use information collected through tracking technologies to provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising, recognize you across multiple devices, monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns of our visitors, and otherwise enhance our platform and your user experience.
We use cookies to enable you to store your preferences and settings on your device to enhance your experiences and prevent you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. For example, when you place an item in your shopping cart, we may use a cookie to store that data so you do not have to reenter it later.
Security
The Internet is not 100% secure. Like all businesses, we cannot guarantee the security of the personal information you provide to us via our websites. We have, however, taken certain steps designed to reduce the risk that the personal information you provide us will be subject to loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We use cookies to support these security practices.
Analytics
We use cookies and other similar technologies for analytics purposes, such as monitoring site traffic and technical performance to administer our websites, improving website visitors’ experiences, for researching and developing new products and services, evaluating site usage, providing site security, and providing localized content based on a website visitor’s geographic location. We also automatically collect certain device identifiers, such as IP address, for this purpose.
We may also use electronic tags known as web beacons to collect and analyze information about what content you clicked or viewed, including in marketing emails that we send you.
We use a collection of tools to support our efforts to provide you with the best possible experience while on our website. They are:
·        Google Analytics. For more information on Google Analytics, including how Google Analytics collects, uses, and discloses information and your choices regarding Google Analytics, please refer to the following pages: http://policies.google.com/privacy and https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
·       HubSpot. For more information on HubSpot and how it processes the information collected when you open an email from us, or visit a landing page from an email we send you, please see https://legal.hubspot.com/dpa.
Interest-based advertising
GMAC and its authorized third parties acting on our behalf use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information that we may use to show you advertisements that may interest you and to track the performance of our advertisements. We may work with third-party advertising technology providers that collect information about you, such as your IP address and information about your device, browser or operating system, to follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services to deliver advertisements on our website and other websites that are tailored to your interests. These providers may combine information about you with information from other companies and may place or recognize their own unique cookie on your browser. These cookies may contain demographic or other data in de-identified form. These cookies used by third-party advertising technology providers and how they use the information gathered from them will be governed by these companies’ privacy policies.
To learn more about interest-based advertising and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, and to manage the use of interest-based advertising cookies on our websites, see the information in the “Cookie controls and advertising choices” section below.
Cookie controls and advertising choices
Most web browsers provide controls that allow you to block or delete cookies. Generally, you can go to the Help section on your internet browser and see instructions for blocking or deleting cookies. Please note that certain features that we use on our websites depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies may be lost. Please also note that we or our advertising providers may use web beacons on our websites to allow us to count users who have visited certain web pages and to generate statistics about how our site is used. Web beacons, unlike cookies, cannot be declined. However, setting your browser to decline cookies or prompt you for a response will keep most web beacons from tracking your activity.
To learn more about the use of interest-based advertising and opt out of the collection of information for interest-based advertising by certain third parties, you can visit the following sites:
·       Digital Advertising Alliance (US) Consumer choice page: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
·       Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt Out Page: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
·       European Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
·       Twitter: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
·       Facebook: You should see a link to the opt-out when you select “Why am I seeing this?” when using Facebook. You can also select “Hide all from this advertiser” within Facebook to stop seeing our ads. More information can be found on Facebook’s site here: http://www.facebook.com/business/help/1415256572060999
·       LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62931/manage-advertising-preferences
As some of the information collected for interest-based advertising is also used for other necessary purposes (such as analytics and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does NOT stop that information from being collected. You will also continue to receive non-interest-based advertisements and may not see fewer ads.
Do not track disclosure
Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that allows you to tell a web site not to track you. Since these features are not all uniform, we do not currently respond to those signals. We do not currently respond to web browser “Do Not Track” signals that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information about online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
Close Menu
Home
Events
Events Calendar
About our Virtual Events
About our In-Person Events
Register
Event Preparation
Preparing for a Virtual Event
Preparing for an In-Person Event
Research Schools
About Us
About The MBA Tour
Meet the Team
Advisory Board
Blog
For Business Schools
Information for New Clients
Tour Services
Business School Registration
Sign In