http://www.crassh.cam.ac.uk/legal/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
You are here:
Home
Legal
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This Privacy Policy is intended to describe how your personal information is processed and used. Please note that by visiting and using www.crassh.cam.ac.uk, you are accepting the practices described.
Visitor Information
Every computer connected to the Internet is provided with a domain name and an IP Address. When a visitor requests a web page from within the CRASSH website, our servers automatically identify and log the HTTP request that is made.
This information reveals nothing personal about you. In fact, the only information that we automatically gather and log is as follows: the IP address of the site that may have referred you; your IP address; the web page that you may have linked to us from, if any; the product identifier for version and make of browser (e.g. Internet Explorer 8); the operating system platform that you may be running (e.g. Macintosh or Windows); search words or terms that are passed from a search engine (e.g. Google or Yahoo).
CRASSH has found it advantageous to examine visitor traffic so that we can ensure maximum compatibility for the various browsers and operating systems that visit our site. By analysing visitation patterns, referring URLs and search engine terms, we can strategically enhance our exposure across the Internet.
Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using services so they can be made easier to use
analysing anonymous data to help us understand how people interact with our website so we can make it better
Learn how to remove cookies set on your device.
Expression Engine
exp_tracker
exp_last_activity
exp_csrf_token
exp_last_visit
Purpose
We use content management software called Expression Engine to power our website. In order for this to work correctly and efficiently a couple of cookies are set. None of these hold any personal information.
Google Analytics
_ga
_gid
_gat
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmt
_utmv
_utmz
Purpose
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, the percentages of male and female visitors, in which age groups visitors fall, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Read more here.
Cookie Consent
cookieconsent_status
Purpose
In order to control the cookie consent message that is shown to visitors to our website a cookie is used to store whether the message has been accepted or not.
What other information does CRASSH request?
We may also request your email address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to add you to our mailing list, or by your request to have someone contact you for additional information. Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested.
Anti-Spam Policy
We enforce a strict 'Anti-Spam' policy that means we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party without your consent.
In addition, CRASSH will not send you email that you have not agreed to receive. If you are a member of our mailing list, you may be contacted with announcements, news and upcoming events.
With each email sent, you have the option of 'unsubscribing' from our mailing list at any time, thereby disabling any further such email communication from being sent. If you wish to have specific communications with a member of the CRASSH staff, you will be required to provide specific information that will be routed to the appropriate contact within CRASSH.
Third Parties
CRASSH will only disclose your personal information or any of its log file information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such actions are necessary.
Security
CRASSH uses all reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. CRASSH reserves the right to transfer information in connection with the sale of all or part of the CRASSH capital stock or assets to any third party. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
In this section
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Sitemap
RSS Feeds