http://www.psuca.edu/terms-of-use/
Search
Terms of UseHome Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting the official website of the Pacific States University (PSU). This privacy policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used and disclosed by PSU with respect to your use of the PSU websites where this policy is posted (collectively, “Sites”).
By continuing to use PSU Sites, you are accepting the terms of use defined in this statement.
Information Collected by PSU
General
Our Sites are made available to you to provide information about our university and the services offered. You can browse our Sites without providing any personal information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security number.
Non-Personal Information
When you access and use our Sites, some information is automatically collected. For example, we may collect information about your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website that referred you to us. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Sites.
Cookies
When you visit our Sites, you may be issued a “cookie,” which helps track your session while online. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive. Among other things, cookies help to make your site visit more relevant and personalized for you. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent; however, it is possible that some parts of our Sites will not function properly if you do so.
Web Beacons
The Sites and any communications sent by PSU may contain electronic images (generally, single pixel “.gif” images) called “web beacons.” These web beacons allow PSU and third-parties authorized by PSU to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of a web page, email message or other communication, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the device identifier of the device the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons may be used to count unique users, visits and page views; monitor traffic and conversion patterns; personalize your experience when you visit the Sites, including advertising and content you see; and determine whether or not messages were opened, links were clicked and/or notifications/offers were acted upon.
Third-Party Advertising
We may also allow third-parties to use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect non-personal information about your use of our Sites, including your IP address, pages viewed and conversion information. This information may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Sites and other sites tracked by these third-parties. This privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies or other tracking technologies. We encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their privacy practices. If you would like more information about third-party advertising or to opt out of having your information used in this way, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Personal Information
We also collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you apply for admission, register for an account, participate in a promotion or sweepstakes, request a brochure or other materials, sign up for a tour, locate or make inquiries to specific departments, make a donation, request information or otherwise contact PSU. Such information may include: contact information (name, address, telephone number, social media username/handle, mobile phone and/or email address, etc.); academic area or interest (business, computer science, accounting, etc.); financial information (financial aid application history, payment history, current and estimated loan payments, donation attribution and amount, etc.); demographic information (age, academic status, marital status, size of household, income, etc.); and marketing profile information (admissions date, graduation date, alumni status, parent, friend, etc.) We may also collect the names and email addresses of your friends and family, if you choose to provide PSU with this information. Finally, we may obtain information from other sources and combine that with the information we collect directly from you.
How We Use Your Information
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is used to generate statistics and to measure site activity in order to improve the usefulness of the site for our visitors.
Personal Information
Personal information allows us to provide you with products, services and information and enables us to offer a customized experience on our Sites. We use personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy or otherwise disclosed to you on our Sites. For example, personal information may be used to:
operate and improve our Sites
provide information about our institution and send you related information, including confirmations, brochures, academic notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
respond to comments, questions or requests for information and provide customer service;
communicate with you about our classes, achievements, new contests, promotions, rewards, special offers, upcoming events and other news about PSU and our selected partners;
generate site analytics to improve our website and the user experience,
link or combine with personal information we get from third-parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service and information.
PSU may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
Sharing Your Information
We do not share your personal information with third-parties except as described in this privacy policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our Sites. For example, we may share personal information as follows:
with our Financial Aid partner for the purpose of offering aid and services to our students or prospective students;
when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Site/s that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
with vendors, contractors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us;
to (i) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect our rights and property and those of our agents, customers and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies and Terms of Use or (iii) in an emergency to protect PSU and the safety of our students, faculty and staff or any third party; and
We may also share aggregated or anonymous information that does not directly identify you.
Web Accessibility
PSU is committed to web accessibility for everyone.
If you are experiencing a web accessibility issue, please contact the Office of Student Services for further assistance by emailing studentservices@psuca.edu or calling (323) 731-2383.
Updating Your Information
If you provided PSU with personal information, you may review and update that information by logging into your online account.
Information Security
We take reasonable measures to protect personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Third-Party Links
Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites. This privacy policy does not apply to the linked sites, and we do not control, nor are we responsible for, the content or privacy and security practices of those sites. Any personal information you provide to a linked site is provided directly to a third-party and is subject to such third-party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to learn more about such third-party’s privacy and security practices and policies before providing any of your personal information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us by calling (323) 731-2383.
Privacy Policy Effective Date
PSU may change this privacy policy from time to time. If PSU makes any changes to this policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date below.
Last Updated: Sep. 4, 2018