https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/artificial-intelligence-ai.asp
Education
General
Dictionary
Economics
Corporate Finance
Roth IRA
Stocks
Mutual Funds
ETFs
401(k)
Investing/Trading
Investing Essentials
Fundamental Analysis
Portfolio Management
Trading Essentials
Technical Analysis
Risk Management
Markets
News
Company News
Markets News
Trading News
Political News
Trends
Popular Stocks
Apple (AAPL)
Tesla (TSLA)
Amazon (AMZN)
AMD (AMD)
Facebook (FB)
Netflix (NFLX)
Simulator
Simulator
Create an Account
Join a Game
My Simulator
My Game
Create a Game
Your Money
Personal Finance
Wealth Management
Budgeting/Saving
Banking
Credit Cards
Home Ownership
Retirement Planning
Taxes
Insurance
Reviews & Ratings
Best Online Brokers
Best Savings Accounts
Best Home Warranties
Best Credit Cards
Best Personal Loans
Best Student Loans
Best Life Insurance
Best Auto Insurance
Advisors
Your Practice
Practice Management
Continuing Education
Financial Advisor Careers
Investopedia 100
Wealth Management
Portfolio Construction
Financial Planning
Academy
Popular Courses
Investing for Beginners
Become a Day Trader
Trading for Beginners
Technical Analysis
Courses by Topic
All Courses
Trading Courses
Investing Courses
Financial Professional Courses
Submit
Alternative Investments
Marijuana Investing
Hedge Funds Investing
Private Equity & Venture Cap
Real Estate Investing
Investing
Alternative Investments
What Is Artificial Intelligence (AI)?
Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions. The term may also be applied to any machine that exhibits traits associated with a human mind such as learning and problem-solving.
The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal.
Understanding Artificial Intelligence
When most people hear the term artificial intelligence, the first thing they usually think of is robots. That's because big-budget films and novels weave stories about human-like machines that wreak havoc on Earth. But nothing could be further from the truth.
Artificial intelligence is based on the principle that human intelligence can be defined in a way that a machine can easily mimic it and execute tasks, from the most simple to those that are even more complex. The goals of artificial intelligence include learning, reasoning, and perception.
As technology advances, previous benchmarks that defined artificial intelligence become outdated. For example, machines that calculate basic functions or recognize text through optimal character recognition are no longer considered to embody artificial intelligence, since this function is now taken for granted as an inherent computer function.
AI is continuously evolving to benefit many different industries. Machines are wired using a cross-disciplinary approach based in mathematics, computer science, linguistics, psychology, and more.
Algorithms often play a very important part in the structure of artificial intelligence, where simple algorithms are used in simple applications, while more complex ones help frame strong artificial intelligence.
Applications of Artificial Intelligence
The applications for artificial intelligence are endless. The technology can be applied to many different sectors and industries. AI is being tested and used in the healthcare industry for dosing drugs and different treatment in patients, and for surgical procedures in the operating room.
Other examples of machines with artificial intelligence include computers that play chess and self-driving cars. Each of these machines must weigh the consequences of any action they take, as each action will impact the end result. In chess, the end result is winning the game. For self-driving cars, the computer system must account for all external data and compute it to act in a way that prevents a collision.
Artificial intelligence also has applications in the financial industry, where it is used to detect and flag activity in banking and finance such as unusual debit card usage and large account deposits—all of which help a bank's fraud department. Applications for AI are also being used to help streamline and make trading easier. This is done by making supply, demand, and pricing of securities easier to estimate.
Key Takeaways
Artificial intelligence refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines.The goals of artificial intelligence include learning, reasoning, and perception.AI is being used across different industries including finance and healthcare.Weak AI tends to be simple and single-task oriented, while strong AI carries on tasks that are more complex and human-like.
Categorization of Artificial Intelligence
Artificial intelligence can be divided into two different categories: weak and strong. Weak artificial intelligence embodies a system designed to carry out one particular job. Weak AI systems include video games such as the chess example from above and personal assistants such as Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri. You ask the assistant a question, it answers it for you.
Strong artificial intelligence systems are systems that carry on the tasks considered to be human-like. These tend to be more complex and complicated systems. They are programmed to handle situations in which they may be required to problem solve without having a person intervene. These kinds of systems can be found in applications like self-driving cars or in hospital operating rooms.
Special Considerations
Since its beginning, artificial intelligence has come under scrutiny from scientists and the public alike. One common theme is the idea that machines will become so highly developed that humans will not be able to keep up and they will take off on their own, redesigning themselves at an exponential rate.
Another is that machines can hack into people's privacy and even be weaponized. Other arguments debate the ethics of artificial intelligence and whether intelligent systems such as robots should be treated with the same rights as humans.
Self-driving cars have been fairly controversial as their machines tend to be designed for the lowest possible risk and the least casualties. If presented with a scenario of colliding with one person or another at the same time, these cars would calculate the option that would cause the least amount of damage.
Another contentious issue many people have with artificial intelligence is how it may affect human employment. With many industries looking to automate certain jobs through the use of intelligent machinery, there is a concern that people would be pushed out of the workforce. Self-driving cars may remove the need for taxis and car-share programs, while manufacturers may easily replace human labor with machines, making people's skills more obsolete.
Take the Next Step to Invest
Advertiser Disclosure
×
The offers that appear in this table are from partnerships from which Investopedia receives compensation.
Service
Name
Description
Related Terms
AI Winter Definition
AI (Artificial Intelligence) winter is a time period in which funding for projects aimed at developing human-like intelligence in machines is minimal.
more
Weak AI
Weak AI is a machine intelligence that is limited to a particular area.
more
Strong AI
Strong AI is a type of machine intelligence that is equivalent to human intelligence.
more
What Is Knowledge Engineering?
Knowledge engineering is a field of artificial intelligence (AI) that enables a system or machine to mimic the thought process of a human expert.
more
Introduction to Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Natural Language Processing (NLP) is a type of artificial intelligence that allows computers to break down and process human language.
more
Machine Learning
Machine learning, a field of artificial intelligence (AI), is the idea that a computer program can adapt to new data independently of human action.
more
Partner Links
Related Articles
Continuing Education
How AI is Shaping the Advisory Landscape
Sectors & Industries Analysis
4 Industries That Robots Are Revolutionizing
Economy
Racial Bias in Medical Care Decision-Making Tools
Career Advice
Most Valuable Career Skills of 2020
Business Essentials
Using Appreciative Inquiry to Solve Management Problems
Trading Platforms & Tools
Pros and Cons of Paper Trading
About Us
Terms of Use
Dictionary
Editorial Policy
Advertise
News
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Careers
California Privacy Notice
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Investopedia is part of the Dotdash publishing family.