https://www.enterprisetraining.com/privacy-policy.html
CALL (888) 887-8244
Free Consultation
Pricing
Blog
Contact
Login
Remote Work Essentials
Training Catalogs
Training Solutions
Self Paced Online Courses
Live Virtual Online Classes
My SkillSource Licensed Professional
Video & Task Based Online Training
eBooks & Manuals Online Training
eRegister Online Course Enrollment
Learner Management System
Online Training Services
Online Training Implementation Support
Online Training Branding & Customization
Training Competency Mapping
Custom Online Courses
Third Party Training Management Integration
Public Sector Training
Federal Government
State Government
Educational Institutions
About Enterprise Training
Our Approach
Company Overview
Community Involvement
Careers
Contact & Location
Case Studies
News & Articles
Course Syllabus | Print Syllabus
×
Home
Privacy Policy
Enterprise Training Solutions
Privacy Policy
Information Collected
ETS collects the following information on our web site visitors: IP address, Organization Name associated with said IP address, Location of web site visitor, date and web pages viewed.
Information You Choose to Disclose
If you choose to, you may also provide your name, mailing address, e-mail address, home and/or business phone number and company name in the "contact us" section. Providing this information to us is purely voluntary.
Use of Information Collected
ETS collects the information above for statistical and business purposes. If you provide your information under the "contact us" or How Can We Help You sections, you may receive periodic information from us on new products, services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive information from us in the future or would like to be completely removed from this distribution list, please notify us or take advantage of unsubscribe options.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
ETS does not partner with nor have any special relationships with any ad server company or any third party who may be given access to your information. If ETS enters into any agreement that would give any third party any access to your information, you will be notified at such time and given adequate time to elect to opt out. From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post those policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Security
We have appropriate security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alternation of information that we have collected from you at our website. ETS will assess our security measures to ensure compliance and suitability as necessary.
Notice Pertaining to Materials or Information Included in this Website
Any material or information that is made available on this site or is made available for download from this server (the "Resources") is the copyrighted proprietary materials of ETS or Affiliates. The Materials represented on this website are for reference purposes only and copying or reproduction of the Materials in any manner is expressly prohibited. The Materials are for your personal and non-commercial use and you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, transfer, sell, profit from, or create alternate works from the Materials. The information contained in the Materials is intended to serve as a guide for informational purposes. ETS considers the Materials reliable, but does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of Materials, or any information or data included therein, and makes no representations about the suitability of the Materials for any specific purpose or application. Users of the Materials will be held liable for their use, furnishing, disclosure, or other exposure ("improper use"), and shall hold ETS harmless from any damages, litigation, liability or claims, and any expenses including legal expenses resulting from any such improper use. All Materials are provided by ETS without any warranty of any kind. In no event shall ETS be held liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from use or reference of any of the Materials and verbiage represented on the ETS website.
You must receive notification in writing to use any of the Materials presented on this site, for whatever purpose, whether those Materials are static, graphics or Materials made available for download. Permission to use any site content or downloadable Materials must be requested in writing via email from info@enterprisetraining.com.
No Warranties
The documents and related graphics published on this website could include technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. ETS may change content or add content within this website at any time without prior notice or consent. All content on this website is provided to you on an "as is," "as available" basis without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties for a particular purpose and non-infringement. ETS makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of any content available through this website. ETS makes no representations or warranties that use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free. You are responsible for taking all precautions necessary to ensure that any content you may obtain from the website is free of viruses.
Products
Any product information available for informational purposes on this website is for reference purposes only. All products represented are the proprietary property of the respective owners. Any adaptation of ETS products that is deemed proprietary to ETS will be punished to the full extent of the law. All products presented are copyrights or trademarks of their respective owners.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any ETS services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any ETS server or to any of the services through hacking, password mining or other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information not intentionally made available by ETS.
Email
You understand that the Internet is public and that e-mail communications between you and ETS via this Web site are subject to the risk of being viewed by other parties. Accordingly, you agree not to transmit confidential or proprietary information relating to you or your business to ETS via e-mail.
Limitation of Liability
ETS specifically disclaims any and all liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the website, even if ETS has been advised of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to reliance by any party on any content obtained through use of this website, or that arises in connection obtained through use of this website, or that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruptions in telecommunications connections to the website or viruses, whether caused in whole or in part by negligence, acts of God, telecommunications failure, theft or destruction of, or unauthorized access to the website or related information.
Links to Third Party Sites
Links may be found within the ETS website that let you leave the site. The linked sites are not under the control of ETS and ETS is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link within a linked site. ETS provides these links as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not signify endorsement by ETS of the site.
Your Consent
By using our web site you acknowledge and consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described herein. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be updated in a timely manner.
Government Training Resources
Our Customers
Case Studies
Stretching Your Training Dollars
Why Our Customer Support is Different
Government Training Contracts
Government Job Training Programs
Government Training Testimonials
About Enterprise Training Solutions
Company Overview
Giving Back
Contact Us
Contact us at:
1-888-887-8244 / info@enterprisetraining.com
©2020 Enterprise Training Solutions. All rights reserved.
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
No advertisement, logo, graphic design, photograph, wording, or statement is intended to infringe any copyright and/or trademark or any other intellectual property right claimed by any individual or entity. Enterprise Training Solutions respectfully requests immediate notification of any infringement claim at info@enterprisetraining.com
Live Chat
×
Login
If your organization has a branded or custom training site you may need to log-in from a unique log-in page (URL).
For information on what web site address you need to log-in from please email: info@enterprisetraining.com
Main Training Portal Login
×
Free Consultation
Submit the form below and a representative will contact you to schedule a brief phone meeting to answer your questions and to discuss solutions.
*Name
*Organization
*Work eMail
×
Free Consultation
Submit the form below and a representative will contact you to schedule a brief phone meeting to answer your questions and to discuss solutions.
*Name
×
Start Your Free 10 Day All-Access Online Training Class Pass!
Username*
×
Get Started Now!
*How can we help you?
Live Virtual Course Free Trial
Licensed Professionals Free Trial
*Name
×
Catalog Search
Search for:
Filter by: All Videos
Books Courses
Live Classes
Search!
×
Course Syllabus