https://www.ftmlondon.org/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
Main MenuAbout Us
Who We Are
Museum Collection
Exhibition Hire
Venue Hire
Press Office
Contact Us
What’s On
Calendar
Exhibitions & Displays
Talks & Events
Workshops
Computer Design Courses
Visit Us
Safe Visiting Guidance
Opening Times & Admissions
Getting Here
Group Visits & Bespoke Services
Get Involved
Support Us
Opportunities
Blog
Online Shop
Return to Content
The Fashion and Textile Museum is a cutting edge centre for contemporary fashion and textiles in London. Founded by iconic British designer Zandra Rhodes, the museum showcases a programme of changing exhibitions exploring elements of fashion and textiles as well as running a wide variety of courses, lectures and workshops.
The Fashion and Textile Museum is owned and operated by Newham College.
The Fashion and Textile Museum (“FTM” “we” “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out how we collect your data and how it is used.
Newham College is registered as a Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 and from 25 May 2018 under the General Data Protection Regulation. The College is considered a public authority under the Freedom of Information Act 2000. Registration is renewed annually.
Data Protection Register
Registration Number: Z1573620
Data Controller: Newham College of Further Education
Address: High Street South
EastHam E6 6ER
Further details regarding registration are available via http://www.ico.org.uk
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email info@ftmlondon.org or write to us at the following address.
Fashion and Textile Museum
83 Bermondsey Street
London
SE1 3XF
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Through our website and online stores
Information that you provide by filling in forms or completing transactions through
https://store.ftmlondon.org/, ftmlondon.digitickets.co.uk/tickets and www.ftmlondon.org.
We may also collect details of transactions you carry out through our site, including the purchase of goods and of the fulfilment of any orders you place through these sites, as well as details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of other organisations. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Google Analytics
When someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.
Workshop and Course Registrations
When you attend a course, lecture or workshop we may ask you to sign a register to confirm attendance. These records are kept for one week and then destroyed.
Feedback Forms and Mailing List Forms
When you visit the Museum for any purpose we may ask you to fill in a feedback form and/or to join the Museum mailing list. This data is collected to help us provide you with the best possible service and refine our marketing channels. At the time of requesting this information your consent to process the data will be sought.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about the Museum and our range of courses, and other services that we offer, which we feel may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive promotional information from us, you may opt out at a later date by unsubscribing.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for, please email us at info@ftmlondon.org or unsubscribe through the link on every email flyer we send.
We will not share your information for marketing purposes with third-party organisations outside of the Fashion and Textile Museum.
Where we store your personal data
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
We follow appropriate security procedures in the storage and disclosure of personal data so as to guard against loss, damage and unauthorised access by third parties. We also require those parties to whom we transfer personal data to comply with the same.
We will only hold your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and to fulfil our legal obligations. The retention periods will vary depending on the purposes the information was originally collected for.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, goods or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our service.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) and with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. We will only do the above with your permission.
If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
Automated Decisions we make about you
We do not make automated decisions using your personal data.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This policy was last updated on 22 May 2018.
Fashion and Textile Museum Adjusted opening times from Thursday 3 December 2020:
Wednesday: 11am – 4pm
Thursday: 11am – 4pm
Friday: 11am – 4pm
Saturday: 11am – 6pm
Last entry: 45 minutes before closing
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday: Closed
Festive Opening Times 2020/21:
Closed: 24 – 27 December 2020 inclusive
Open: 28 – 31 December 2020 inclusive
Closed: 1 January 2021
Newsletter
Email address
Please confirm your subscription.
You can opt out of hearing from us at any time. For further information see our Privacy Policy.
Leave this field empty if you're human: Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
WordPress
Contact Us 83 Bermondsey Street, London SE1 3XF
T: 020 7407 8664 | E: info@ftmlondon.org
Fashion and Textile Museum is part of Newham College London
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Newham College