http://www.dillard.edu/_about-dillard/privacypolicy.php
close
Apply Now
About Dillard
back
About Dillard
back
About Dillard
Contact
Dillard Dining
Dillard Heritage
Donor Honor Roll
Founders' Day Convocation
History of Dillard University
Mission and Vision
Nursing
Quick Facts
Religious Life
Tobacco-Free Campus
VR Tour
Auxiliary Services
back
Auxiliary Services
Religious Life
back
Religious Life
VisionQuest
Office of the Chaplain
Mission and Vision
Meet Rev. Earnest Salsberry
Honor Roll of Donors
Academics
back
Academic Calendar
Academic Affairs
Academic Catalogs
Accreditation
Center for Intensive English Language
Center for Law & Public Interest
Colleges and Degree Programs
Course Search
Academic Technology and Distance Education
Department Heads
Faculty Directory
Nursing
Honors Program
Institutional Review Board
International Students & Study Abroad
Will W. Alexander Library
MyDU
Undergraduate Research Programs
Pre-Collegiate Emerging Scholars & TRiO Programs
Minority Health & Health Disparities Center
Deep South Center for Environmental Justice
Center for First Year Experience
Fifth-Year Review
Prospective Student
back
Welcome to RAP
Admissions Requirements
Apply Now
Meet the Team!
New Student Registration (SOAR)
Dillard Visits You
Evening Program
Clearance and Registration
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Cost of Attendance
Make a Payment
Residential Life
Prospective Student Inquiry Card
Visit Dillard
Campus Programs/Events
Alumni and Giving
back
Make a Gift
Get Involved
Alumni Directory
Alumni Events
Alumni Spotlight
How to Give
Contact
Current Students
back
Current Students
Career and Professional Development
Financial Aid & Scholarships
Make a Payment
Melton Foundation
MyDU
Student Handbook
SGA
The Office of Student Affairs
Student Health and Wellness
The Office of Records & Registration
Prospective Student Inquiry Card
Recreation, Health & Wellness
Student Support Services
Giving
Office of the President
back
Office of the President
President Walter M. Kimbrough
Board of Trustees
President's Cabinet
Brain Food Lecture Series
Blog in the Night
President's Newsletter
University's Strategic Plan
Administration
back
Institutional Advancement
Emergency Alerts
Facilities Management
Governance Structure
Human Resources
Employment
Internal Audit
Information Technology & Telecommunications
The Office of Public Safety
Business and Finance
Title IX and Sexual Violence
Athletics
back
Athletics
Athletics News
Athletics Staff
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
Volleyball
Men's Track and Field
Women's Track and Field
Download DU Athletics App
Watch Live Games
Apply to DU
PRE-COLLEGIATE PROGRAMS
back
Youth Outreach Programs
Pre-Freshman Engineering
Young Scholars Environmental Camp
Deeper Student Learning
Campus Programs/Events
Educational Talent Search
Emerging Scholars Program
Verizon Innovative Learning Program
Newsroom
MYDU
Payments
Quick Links
MAKE A PAYMENT
MYDU
CANVAS LOGIN
COVID-19
FINISH IN 4
NEWSROOM
MENU
Learn About Dillard University
testpolicy
Privacy Policy
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website www.dillard.edu and served by Dillard University and governs the privacy of its users who choose to
use it. The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and
outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners.
Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information
will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the
necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting
experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user
privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website.
Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their
first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer
/ device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain
explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies
on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save
and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This
allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience
within this website. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this
website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their
web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external
serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how
they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track
visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order
to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store,
save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for
further information [ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ].
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when
this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are
used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though
some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and
provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information
is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no
use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure
a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form
to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further
information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering
any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details
to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if
this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting
any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from
or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email
newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard
to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third
parties.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links,
users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links
mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image
links to other websites, similar to; Folded Book Art or Cottages in Pembrokeshire.)
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally
linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click
on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held
liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served
through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating
directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral
program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this
website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers
hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at
their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages
or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms
that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions
as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon
them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details.
This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through
social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to
contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly
from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before
using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note
that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page
respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share
web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy
urls [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened
urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the
best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms
are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be
held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 – The Guide
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Fillable PDF Forms Creation
Website Privacy Policy Template
v.2.0 January 2017 Edited & customized by: Designum Media Group, LLC, 2051 Caton St.
New Orleans, La. 70122
DILLARD UNIVERSITY
2601 Gentilly Boulevard New Orleans, Louisiana 70122 504.283.8822