http://www.arapahoe.edu/about-acc/faculty-staff-directory/media-and-press/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Breadcrumb
ACC
About ACC
Faculty staff directory
Media and Press
Privacy Policy
Section Navigation
About ACC
Accreditation
Locations
Littleton
Parker
Castle Rock
Online
Campus Maps
College Leadership
Organization Charts
Assessment
Inclusive Excellence Council
Information about COVID-19
Spring 2021 Campus and Course Information
COVID-19 Response Protocol
ACC Cares Act Emergency Grant
ACC Vision - Strategic Plan
Employment at ACC
Work Study
Faculty & Staff Directory
Media and Press
Privacy Policy
College Business Services
Institutional Research
Institutional Information
Data Dictionary
IR Calendar
HEA Disclosure
Institutional Review Board
Policies & Procedures
AP 0-01 ACC Procedure Process
AP 1-40 Academic Freedom
AP 3-10 Employment Selection Procedure
AP 3-10a Employment Standards Faculty Instructors
AP 3-10b Faculty And Instructor Qualifications
AP 3-20 Due Process Faculty
AP 3-31 Evaluation Faculty Job Performance
AP 3-31a Evaluation Administrative Professional And Technical Staff
AP 3-44 Faculty Professional Development Award
AP 3-45 Administrative And Professional Technical Salary Plan
AP 3-55 Faculty Salary Plan
AP 3-60 Transitional Retirement Program
AP 3-80 Faculty Rights Responsibilities And Workload
AP 3-81 Chairs Rights And Responsibilities
AP 3-110 Records Management And Colorado Open Records Act Requests
AP 3-125g Web It Accessibility Plan
AP 3-150 Employee Code Conduct
AP 3-170 Compensatory And Overtime
AP 4-25 Tuition Classification Appeal
AP 4-30a Student Code Conduct Responsibilities And Rights
AP 9-30 Curriculum Development
AP 9-47 Instructional Program Review
AP 16-60a Protocol for Non-Commercial Expressive Activity on Campus by the General Public
AP 16-60b Protocol for Vending and Solicitation on Campus
AP 16-60c Protocol for Posting and Bulletin Boards on Campus
AP 19-30a Tobacco and Smoke Free Campus
Classified Leave Sharing Program
Foundation
Give Now
Board of Directors
Visit ACC
Contact
Privacy Policy
Website Usage Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Information on this Site
Although the authors of this website have made every reasonable effort to be factually accurate, no responsibility, whether written or implied, is assumed by Arapahoe Community College (ACC) for editorial and/or clerical errors or error occasioned by honest mistake.
All information contained on this website is subject to change by the appropriate officials of Arapahoe Community College (ACC) without prior notice.
Material on this website does not serve as a contract between Arapahoe Community College (ACC) and any other party.
External Links
This website may have links to non-ACC websites. ACC is not responsible for the accuracy of or the subject matter on such sites. Please contact the jessica [dot] horning [at] arapahoe [dot] edu (ACC Webmaster) if:
A link to an external site has expired or is incorrect;
The content of an external website does not relate to ACC activities or is deemed objectionable.
Linking to ACC Sites
Any site wishing to link to the ACC site should notify the jessica [dot] horning [at] arapahoe [dot] edu (ACC Webmaster).
Privacy
Any user information gathered through an ACC website is used only for the purpose it was given (i.e. requesting ACC academic information). Such information is confidential and not disseminated to third parties unless stated and consented to by the user or is required by law.
@ArapahoeCC
Have you recently lost your job due to COVID-19? ACC can help! Our Career Forward program provides tuition assistance and student support. Learn more: https://t.co/KWrlj0hu5g https://t.co/WrIDeO2eFQ