http://www.americanschoolofcorr.com/privacy-policy
Earn Your High School Diploma with the American SchoolSchool
Enroll Online
Call Today - 708-418-2800
Home
Academic Programs
Why American School
How to Enroll
Cost
Online Center
American School Media
ACCREDITATIONS AND AFFILIATIONS
Course Descriptions
Online Learning
ACT / SAT Prep
FAQs
Contact Us
About Us
Community
Blog
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We gather and utilize various types of information listed below. By using this Site, or by continuing your membership with www.AmericanSchoolofCorr.com, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. Note that this Policy applies only with respect to the information collected by www.AmericanSchoolofCorr.com and not any information collected or obtained through other methods or sources.
Public: Public information will include that information available for registered members to view, or demographic information. This includes your demographic information such as gender, name, age, birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, appearance, zip code and geographical location or any other information deemed necessary.
Private:Private information is information that can personally identify you such as your real name, email address or credit card number.
When you register to use AmericanSchoolofCorr.com, you will be asked for some general identifying information to enable us to provide you with this individualized service. This information may include email addresses, personal information and credit card information. Credit card transactions may be processed by the Site via its third party intermediary/financial institution, or by a professional payment authorization service chosen for security and reliability. In either case, only the purchase price and the credit card information provided by the customer will be supplied, and such information will be maintained in their database for accounting and billing purposes. This information is encrypted via a secure server to ensure that others cannot read it. Once on the secure server your credit card information is sent to a third party intermediary for processing.
Automatic:
Automatic information is information that we collect that is not personally identifiable such as your IP address, site usage and purchase behavior, browser type, browser activity, and browser settings.
We use your IP and/or MAC address to avoid fraudulent registrations, and monitor site usage demographics and dynamics. Information that we may obtain regarding your browser and browser settings may be used to ensure that our site's technical features are available to you. Except as permitted herein, the specific information we collect is not rented, sold, or shared with any third party without your explicit consent and is only ever disclosed in situations where required by law.
Sharing of Information
While data from the website is maintained in a database, only the public information located in your profile will be shared. Private information such as your real name, email address or credit card number is never shared without your explicit consent.
Except as permitted herein, the Owner does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with any third party, except to the third party intermediary or financial institution that processes your transaction or where required by law. However, we may use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to your interests, and we may share demographic information with advertisers or other third parties on an anonymous and aggregated basis such that individual private information or behavior may not be determined (i.e., without telling the advertisers your identity). Our sharing of demographic information is anonymous (i.e., we do not tell which particular users are members of which demographic groups), subject to the rest of this privacy policy. When you respond to an advertisement and give the advertiser your personal information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group.
We also may disclose your personal information or financial information to our subsidiary and parent companies and businesses, and other affiliated legal entities and businesses with whom we are under common corporate control. Whenever personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph we may also disclose your demographic information, on a non-anonymous basis. All of our parent, subsidiary and affiliated legal entities and businesses that receive your personal information, financial information, or non-anonymous demographic information from us will comply with the terms of this privacy policy with respect to their use and disclosure of such information.
Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to users in e-mails, third-party advertisers or ad servers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. The use of cookies by such third party advertisers or ad servers is not subject to this Policy, but is subject to their own respective privacy policies.
Single-Pixel Gifs
The Owner and its advertisers may use single-pixel gifs (also known as web bugs, web beacons, or tracking pixels) on the Site. The purpose of these single-pixel gifs is to verify and count web page accesses and gather some statistical information. These single-pixel gifs gather usage and demographic information, but do not gather any personal information.
Email
To enhance your experience as a visitor, we send out message notifications, newsletters and site announcements, and from time to time third party offers from companies that we feel may have something that will benefit you. Our site provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving different types of communications (except system communications, or communications required for account maintenance), and each email that we send out has a method for opting-out located at the bottom of the message.If you are not interested, unsubscribe from the email once received. We will not sell or market your email.
Links
The website may have links to other websites on our Site. Some of these other websites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other websites or these other websites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other websites.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
www.AmericanSchoolofCorr.com may, from time to time, amend this Policy, in whole or part, in its sole discretion. Any changes to this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised policy on the Site
Contact us with your questions or suggestions
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact our Customer Care Department.
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 ·
Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in