http://www.newhaven.edu/online-privacy/
Skip to main content
SPRING 2021 CAMPUS REOPENING AND COVID-19 INFORMATION - Updated December 10, 2020
The Phased Plan for Return to Campus - Spring 2021
At the University of New Haven, the health and safety of all members of our community remain our top priority. We have reimagined life at the University to help deliver high-quality education in as safe an environment as possible.
This website provides updated information about our response to the pandemic and our ongoing efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19. This website has been updated with information for the Spring 2021 semester. A chronological list of the latest updates to this information is available on the page linked below.
Visit Page
CURRENT CAMPUS COVID-19 ALERT LEVEL
GREEN (Low Risk)
Cases are rare and transmission controlledLearn More
Close
Getting Here
Visitors Policy & Access to Campus Guidelines
Campus Locations and Maps
Shuttles & Transportation
Parking
Events
Events
Athletics
New Haven Chargers
Admissions Visit Opportunities
Undergraduate
Accepted Student Events
Information Sessions
Open Houses
Enhanced Visits
Major-Specific Events
One-on-One Campus Visits
Graduate
Information Sessions
Open Houses
Virtual Tour
All Visit Opportunities
Reopening Info
Employers
Parents & Families
Veterans
myCharger
Apply
Inquire
Give
Directory
Academics
Academics at the University
Programs A-Z
College of Arts and Sciences
Pompea College of Business
Henry C. Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences
Tagliatela College of Engineering
School of Health Sciences
Library
See More
Academic Centers and Institutes
Student Success and Support
Honors Societies
Core Curriculum
Academic Service-Learning
Study Abroad
Academic Calendar and Registration
Course Catalog
See Less
Student Life
Student Life Overview
Get Involved!
Career Development
Safety & Security
Diversity & Inclusion
Health & Wellness
Living on Campus
Dining
See More
Commuter Resources
Graduate Student Services
Student Affairs and Dean of Students Office
New Student Orientation
Campus Store
Commencement
See Less
About
About the University
University Centennial
Accreditation
Facts & Figures
Awards & Affiliations
University Leadership
Board of Governors
Offices & Departments
State-of-the-Art Facilities
Employment
See More
Campus Locations & Maps
Info for Visitors, Parking & Shuttles
Title IX and Equal Opportunity
See Less
Admissions
Apply
Request Information
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
International Students
Online Programs
Tuition & Financial Aid
Net Price Calculator
Pre-College Programs & Partnerships
Alumni
Alumni & Friends
Alumni Events
Alumni Involvement
Alumni Association
Alumni Magazine
Alumni Benefits
Alumni Relations Staff
Research
Research Overview
Labs & Groups
Faculty Research
Student Fellowships & Research
Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowships (SURF)
Grants & Sponsored Programs
Explore
Explore the University
News
Events
Digital Downloads
Community Profiles
The Arts on Campus
West Haven & Beyond
Athletics
Social Media
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Online Privacy Statement
The University of New Haven respects the privacy of all website visitors to the extent
permitted by law. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you how this
website collects information, how that information may be used, how we protect any
information you choose to provide us.There are four types of information that this site may collect during your visit:
network traffic logs
website traffic logs
cookies
voluntary information
Network Traffic In order to provide network security and the highest possible level of service for
all our network users, the University utilizes software and hardware to monitor network
traffic, identify and log unauthorized access or access to nonpublic information,
detect computer viruses and malware which could damage or disrupt University computers
or the network, and monitor and adjust the performance of the University network.
This monitoring may include collecting such information as email headers, addresses
from network packets, and other data which may or may not have identifying properties.
Information from these activities is used only for the purpose of maintaining the
security and performance of the University's networks and computer systems. Personally
identifiable information from these activities is not released to external parties
without your consent unless required by law. Website TrafficUniversity Web sites collect and store information from online visitors to help manage
those sites and improve service. This information includes pages visits, including
the date and time of the visit, the referring site (if applicable), the domain and
IP address from which the access occurred, the version of browser used, the capabilities
of the browser, and search terms used on our search engines. This site makes no attempt
to identify individual visitors from this information: any personally identifiable
information is not released to external parties without your consent unless required
by law. CookiesCookies are pieces of information stored by your web browser on behalf of a Web site
and returned to the Web site on request. This site may use cookies for two purposes:
to carry data about your current session at the site from one web page to the next
and/or to identify you to the site between visits. You can change the cookie behavior
of your browser in the browser preferences, choosing to accept all cookies, to accept
cookies with prompting, to accept all cookies from specific websites only, or to reject
all cookies. Some websites or web pages may not function properly if cookies are turned
off. Unless otherwise notified on this site, we will not store data, other than for
these two purposes, in cookies. Cookies remain on your computer, and accordingly we
neither store cookies on our computers nor forward them to any external parties. Unless
otherwise notified on this site, we do not use cookies to track your movement among
different Web sites and do not exchange cookies with other entities. Voluntary InformationIn the course of using this Web site, you may opt to provide us with information to
help us serve your needs, such as sending us e-mail through an application or a form
to request information, opting into a mailing list, opting into our text-messaging
service, or sending us your address when requesting that further information be sent
to you. Any personally-identifiable information you send us will be used only for
the purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate
staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded. We will not sell, exchange,
or otherwise distribute your personally-identifiable information without your consent,
except to the extent required by law. We do not retain the information longer than
necessary for normal operations. Every web page requesting information discloses the
purpose of that information. If you do not wish to have the information used in that
manner, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the person listed on the
specific page, or listed below, with questions or concerns on the use of personally-identifiable
information. Third-Party SitesUniversity Web sites may contain links to other web sites or web-based resources.
We do not control these sites and resources, we do not endorse them, and we are not
responsible for their availability, content, or delivery of services. In particular,
external sites are not bound by the University's online privacy policy; they may have
their own policies or none at all. Often you can tell you are leaving a University
of New Haven Web site by noting the URL of the destination site.
University of New Haven Google Adwords and Remarketing Privacy Policy University of New Haven uses all features of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers.
That includes obtaining specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium and
keyword used to visit our website. Google Analytics does not store any visitor specific
data and we will not use visitor specific data in any way related to Google Analytics,
Google Adwords, and Remarketing.
University of New Haven uses remarketing with Google Adwords and analytics to display
content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site
when those visitors go to other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented.
University of New Haven and other third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party
cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the
DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitor’s
past visits to our website.
We take our users’ privacy very seriously. We feel that certain personal information
should always be kept private, so we’ve developed restrictions around the types of
ads where we don’t allow remarketing. When creating remarketing lists, we can’t use
any sensitive information about users. This includes information such as their financial
status, sexual orientation, and other sensitive categories.
As adwords advertisers, we are restricted from and will not perform the following
actions:
(a) Running ads that collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) including,
but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers
(b) Creating a remarketing list or creating ad text that specifically targets users
in ways that are outlined as "prohibited" in the categories below
Visitors can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and opt out of customized
Google Display Network ads by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager in Google, or by
visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Definitions
"User" means a unique instance of a browser, application or similar technology.
"User Cookie" means the User identifier (of which a cookie is one example) associated
with a User for remarketing or similar audiences.
"Remarketing Lists" means a list of User Cookies created or otherwise obtained by
you and used in connection with remarketing or similar audiences.
"Similar Audiences Lists" means a list of Users created by Google based on a Remarketing
List for use in connection with similar audiences.
"Properties" means properties or content on which advertisements are shown.
Questions?
If you have questions about this site, its collection of information, and its online
privacy statement, please send an email to sitefeedback@newhaven.edu or use our online contact form.