https://www.lindahall.org/terms/
816.363.4600
Facebook
Twitter
Linda Hall Library Tumblr Link
Linda Hall Library Vimeo Link
Linda Hall Library Instagram Link
Facebook
Twitter
Linda Hall Library Tumblr Link
Linda Hall Library Vimeo Link
Linda Hall Library Instagram Link
Contribute Now
Sign up for e-News
Online Catalog
Document Delivery
Digital Collections
Arboretum
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. By using the pages in this site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you should not use this site. Read our Privacy Policy.
Restrictions on Use
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere in this publication, with respect to a particular portion, file, or document, any person is hereby authorized to view, copy, print, and distribute this document subject to the following conditions:
1. The document may be used for informational, non-commercial purposes only.
2. Any copy of the document or portion thereof must include the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology copyright notice.
3. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice from the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology.
The text, layouts, graphics, and logos at this site and those of any of the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology’s related, affiliated, or subsidiary units, are protected by U.S. copyright laws.
Restriction of Liability
The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site or a site which is linked to this site, even if there is negligence on the part of the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology or an authorized Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this site.
This site may be linked to other sites that are not maintained by the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology is not responsible for the content of those sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology of the sites. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one.
Submissions
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology through this site (collective, the “Submission”) will forever be the property of the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation, product, or advertising ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology operations. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology will be entitled to use the Submission for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Disclaimer
The material in this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology may make changes or improvements at any time.
The Materials in this site are provided “AS IS” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology disclaims all warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the material in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse work force.
Miscellaneous
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the state of Missouri, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site.
The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting.
Information on the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology Website, or those of any of the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology’s related, affiliated, or subsidiary units, is provided with the understanding that the Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology is not rendering professional advice or recommendations. References and/or links to products, service providers, other organizations, etc. are not intended as endorsements or recommendations; they are only provided for information. You should not rely on any information on these pages to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
Trademark Information
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners. © Copyright 2003-2014, The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering and Technology. All Rights Reserved.
Read our Privacy Policy.