http://www.vettechinstitute.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Contact Us
Visit Us
Apply Today!
Call Us
Visit Us
Apply Today!
Request Information
Vet Tech Institute
Toggle navigation
MENU
Why VTI
Our Program
Our Facilities
Our Accreditation
Our Campuses
Chicago
Houston
Indianapolis
Pittsburgh
Get Started
Admissions
Financial Aid
Apply
Your Career
Vet Tech Careers
Career Services
Transcript
Request Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy
At Vet Tech Institute we strive to educate our visitors about how to appropriately safeguard their privacy when traveling on the Web because we are committed to protecting your privacy. Our information collection practices are described below.
What Information is Collected?
We take the issue of privacy very seriously. We only ask visitors to submit personally identifiable information (such as their full names, addresses, email addresses, phone number, etc.), when it is necessary to ensure participation in online activities, such as submitting an online request form. We make clear the reason we are collecting the information and what will be done with the information so that our visitors can make an informed choice when they voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to www.vettechinstitute.edu. Vet Tech Institute does not sell, trade or transfer personally identifiable information to a third party. Also, Vet Tech Institute does not allow any advertisements on our site.Bradford Schools Inc is permitted to contact individuals with whom they have a business relationship via any contact information provided, including telephone, text messages, email, and postal mail. To unsubscribe from emails, follow the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of each message. To be removed from future postal mailings or from being contacted via telephone, please email remove@bradfordschools.com with your name and contact information. Standard carrier fees apply for text messages. To opt out of receiving text messages from Bradford Schools and their affiliated schools, please email optout@bradfordschools.com.
Cookies and Log Data
Cookies are information that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. www.vettechinstitute.edu is able to access only the cookies that it sets on your computer and we are only able to determine things like the type of computer operating system, and browser that you and other visitors are using. www.vettechinstitute.edu collects this information in the aggregate in order to improve access to our content based on our visitors' browsers and operating system types to make our content available to as many users as possible. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or option menu or your browser. Log data collected on web servers supplies us with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages of our site and how you found our site, such as through search engines or other website. We use this information only for improving our site.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, we can be reached at the phone numbers listed for each campus.
×
Vet Tech Institute
Close
×
Vet Tech Institute
Close