https://www.fsdbk12.org/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyData CollectionWhen you visit the FSDB website, the web server automatically recognizes the Internet domain and the IP address by which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal email address or other personal information. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service, which uses cookies to collect anonymous traffic data. Cookies may be used for authentication, storing site preferences, or as an identifier for server-based sessions.
In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the FSDB website, your browser type, and your operating system. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved. This information is not shared with other organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected and your personal information is not identified.External Links and Link RequestsThroughout the FSDB web pages, there are links to other servers that may contain information of interest to readers. FSDB takes no responsibility for, and exercises no control over, the organizations, views, or accuracy of information on other servers. Creating a link from your website to the FSDB website does not require permission, although we request that you credit the FSDB website as your source. If you have a link you would like us to consider adding to our website, please send an email to the FSDB Webmaster with “Link request” in the Subject: field.Public RecordsIf compelled by state or federal law to provide information, FSDB will comply with those orders. Please note that Florida’s public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.SecurityYour donations, payments and personal information are always safe. Our secure sockets layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. This software encrypts all of your information, including credit card number, name, and address so that it cannot be read over the Internet.UpdatesThis privacy policy will be upgraded periodically as the need arises, and updates will be posted to this webpage.