http://www.morrisville.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Response and InformationMore About COVID-19
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
SUNY Morrisville Web Environment Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the SUNY Morrisville web environment. The SUNY Morrisville web environment constitutes all websites and pages controlled by SUNY Morrisville and hosted under the Morrisville.edu domain name. (for instance, www.morrisville.edu, studentactivities.morrisville.edu, etc.)
The SUNY Morrisville web environment is designed to make it easier and more efficient for individuals and businesses to interact with SUNY Morrisville. SUNY Morrisville recognizes that it is critical for individuals and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
Consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law, this policy describes SUNY Morrisville’s privacy practices regarding information collected from users of the SUNY Morrisville web environment. This policy describes what information is collected and how that information is used. Because this privacy policy only applies to the SUNY Morrisville web environment, you should examine the privacy policy of any website, including other state agency websites, that you access using the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
For purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information concerning a natural person, as opposed to a corporate entity, which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person. The SUNY Morrisville web environment only collects personal information about you when you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail or by initiating an online
transaction, such as a survey, registration or order form.
Information That We Collect
Information Collected Automatically
The SUNY Morrisville web environment collects a variety of non-personal information during the course of normal operations. This information includes:
User client hostname. The hostname or Internet Protocol address of the user requesting access to the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
HTTP header, "user agent." The user agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which the browser is running.
HTTP header, "referrer." The referrer specifies the web page from which the user accessed the current web page.
System date. The date and time of the user's request.
Full request. The exact request the user made.
Status. The status code the server returned to the user.
Content length. The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user.
Method. The request method used.
Universal Resource Identifier (URI). The location of a resource on the server.
Query string of the URI. Anything after the question mark in a URI.
Protocol. The transport protocol and the version used.
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information.
The information that is collected automatically is used to improve the SUNY Morrisville web environment's content and to help SUNY Morrisville understand how users are interacting with the SUNY Morrisville web environment. This information is collected for statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users, and to improve the utility of the material available on the website. The
information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and SUNY Morrisville is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from the SUNY Morrisville web environment for commercial marketing purposes.
Information That You Provide
During your visit to the SUNY Morrisville web environment you may send an e-mail to SUNY Morrisville. Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your e-mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve the SUNY Morrisville web environment, or to forward your message to another State agency for appropriate action. Your e-mail address is not collected for commercial purposes and SUNY Morrisville is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to the SUNY Morrisville web environment you may initiate a transaction such as a survey, registration, or order form. The information, including personal information, volunteered by you in initiating the transaction is used by SUNY Morrisville to operate SUNY Morrisville programs, which include the provision of goods, services, and information. The information collected by the SUNY Morrisville
web environment may be disclosed by SUNY Morrisville for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in connection with which the information was submitted.
SUNY Morrisville does not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through the SUNY Morrisville web environment. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an email or through an online transaction will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access. SUNY Morrisville strongly encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever
children are asked to provide personal information online.
Information Stored in Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of the SUNY Morrisville web environment. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet websites. To better serve you, we use "session cookies" to enhance or customize your visit to the SUNY Morrisville web environment. Session cookies can be created automatically on the device you use to access the SUNY Morrisville web environment. These session cookies do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We may use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access the SUNY Morrisville web
environment. A session cookie is erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed.
The SUNY Morrisville web environment does not use “persistent cookies” to collect or store personal information. Occasionally, persistent cookies may be used to improve site functionality or otherwise improve the user experience.
Information Collected Through Google Search
The SUNY Morrisville web environment employs a search utility provided by Google, Inc. As applies to the rest of the SUNY Morrisville web environment, no personal information is collected when this utility is used (unless it is expressly provided by the user – i.e. searching
for your own name or address). Because this utility is provided by Google, the Google privacy policy, rather than this one, applies to information submitted to the search utility.
Information Security
SUNY Morrisville is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through the SUNY Morrisville web environment against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Consequently, SUNY Morrisville limits employee access to personal information collected through the SUNY Morrisville web environment to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information are required to follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, SUNY Morrisville has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, secure web transfer protocols, secure server environments, encryption procedures, monitoring, and data access policies which prevent unauthorized access to collected data.
These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of this the SUNY Morrisville web environment as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.
For security purposes and to maintain the availability of the SUNY Morrisville web environment for all users, SUNY Morrisville employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
Retention of Collected Information
SUNY Morrisville retains personal information collected through the SUNY Morrisville web environment until such time as that information is no longer required by SUNY Morrisville to conduct the business for which it was originally collected. In some cases, this retention may be for a prolonged or extended period of time. In the case of long-term information retention, appropriate safeguards (described above) are
employed to ensure the security of this information.
Non-personal information collected automatically in the normal operation of the SUNY Morrisville web environment (described above) is retained indefinitely.
Disclosure of Collected Information
The collection of information through the SUNY Morrisville web environment and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. SUNY Morrisville will only collect personal information through the SUNY Morrisville web environment or disclose personal information collected through the SUNY Morrisville web environment if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. Participation in an online transaction resulting in the disclosure of personal information to SUNY Morrisville by the user, whether solicited or unsolicited, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by SUNY Morrisville for the purposes reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the transaction.
However, SUNY Morrisville may collect or disclose personal information without user consent if the collection or disclosure is:
Necessary to perform the statutory duties of SUNY Morrisville, or necessary for SUNY Morrisville to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation.
Made pursuant to a court order or by law.
For the purpose of validating the identity of the user.
Of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through the SUNY Morrisville web environment is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
SUNY Morrisville may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce SUNY Morrisville’s rights against
unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to SUNY Morrisville’s information technology assets or against other inappropriate use of the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information
Any user may submit a request to the SUNY Morrisville privacy compliance officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through the SUNY Morrisville web environment. Any such request shall be made in writing to the address below and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification.
The address of the privacy compliance officer is:
Vice President for Administrative Services
SUNY Morrisville
PO Box 901
Morrisville, NY 13408
The privacy compliance officer shall, within five (5) business days of the date of the receipt of a proper request: (i) provide access to the personal information; (ii) deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or (iii) acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that SUNY Morrisville has collected personal information pertaining to a user through the SUNY Morrisville web environment and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user's request, the privacy compliance officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Changes to This Policy
This policy may change periodically, at any time, and without warning as new services are added to the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through the SUNY Morrisville web environment.
Download the Privacy Policy as a PDF.
Areas of Study
Agriculture
Automotive
Business
Computing & Informatics
Design & Engineering
Environmental Conservation & Renewable Energy
Equine
Health
& Human Development
Hospitality
Professional Studies
All Programs
Costs + Aid
Financial Aid
Housing Costs/Rates
Meal Plans
Scholarships
Tuition and Fees
Life on Campus
Dining
Health Center
Residence Life
Student Support & Services
I am a...
Alumni
Community Member
Current Student
Faculty/Staff
Future Student
Parent