https://www.universities-scotland.ac.uk/cookie-policy/
youtube-playtwittertumblrticktagssearchprintinsitu-playAsset 1Map_1Maplogologo-invertedlogo-altloadingloaderlinkedininstagramgoogle-plusfolderfacebookemailclosechevron-downcalendararrowarrowinistu-right-light-bluearrow-left-lightGraphik-Regular-WebGraphik-Medium-Web
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Website Accessibility
Cookie Policy
Certain data may be collected by “cookies”, which are temporary internet files placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor, using a service provided by Google Analytics, which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies Set By Google Analytics
The information from the following cookies will be used by Google in accordance with Google’s privacy policy.
Google Analytics:_utma
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit to our site from that web browser. This cookie is used to determine unique visitors to our site and it is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
These cookies will be set with your consent and will stay on your browser for 2 years.
Google Analytics:_utmb
This cookie is used to establish and continue a user session with our site. Each time a user visits a different page on our site, this cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes, continuing a single session for as long as user activity continues within 30-minute intervals. This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on our site for longer than 30 minutes.
These cookies will be set with your consent and will stay on your browser for 30 minutes.
Google Analytics:_utmc
This cookie operates in conjunction with the utmb cookie to determine whether or not to establish a new session for the user. Should a user visit our site, exit the browser and then return to our website within 30 minutes, the absence of the utmc cookie indicates that a new session needs to be established.
These cookies will be set with your consent and will stay on your browser until you exit the session.
Google Analytics:_utmz
This cookie stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach our site, whether via a direct method, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within our own site. The cookie is updated with each page view to our site.
These cookies will be set with your consent and will stay on your browser for 6 months
When entering this website, you will have been informed that we intend to use cookies and asked whether or not you consent to our use of cookies.
If you have said “Accept” to cookies, your consent will be saved and you will not be asked again about cookies on subsequent visits to our website.
If you have chosen to navigate to another page on the website without accepting, we will assume that you do not agree to the cookies used and your consent will not be implied. On subsequent pages you visit, we will remind you that this website works best using cookies which are currently blocked and ask if you accept cookies from this site. You will be asked the same question about cookies the next time you visit this website.
We may share your information with professional advisors, strategic partners, survey and research organisations and other individuals and organisations whom we use to perform functions in certain situations on our behalf. Examples of these functions include providing marketing assistance by data analysis, handling credit card transactions and following up on enquiries (including by phone, e-mail, post or fax). These parties have access to the personal information required in order to perform their functions but may not use it for any other purpose.
We may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our web site.
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact us.