https://www.bill-wilson.net/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy
This is the privacy policy for bill-wilson.net. I am not a lawyer, so this is probably very imperfect, but I hope it will give you all the info you need to understand exactly what kind of information is collected and used -and- how you can disable said data collection and usage.
Information gathered from visitors
As on other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the your IP address, browser type, referring page, and time of visit. This information is used to monitor website performance and improve the website, for example by identifying server or content errors so they can be corrected.
If you choose to leave a comment on the website, the information you enter (e.g., name, email, website, comment text) will be stored on the server and possibly displayed (excepting email address) on the website and included in XML feeds . E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of replies to any comments you may have left on the website.
This website also uses cookies; please see the Cookies section below.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser. They may be used to store your preferences for viewing the website and for managing  session information. They may also be used to track your return visits to the website.
You may be able to block the use of cookies via your browser settings, by using a browser add-on or extension, or by enabling a special privacy mode (e.g., Chrome's Incognito mode, Firefox's Private windows); you should review your relevant browser, addon, or extension documentation to ensure you understand exactly what these browser features can and cannot do. Blocking cookies or using a browser/addon feature  or setting should not significantly impact your ability to use this website.
If your browser is set to accept, store, and use cookies, then the following policies apply.
The website uses or links to various Google technologies and services, such as Analytics and Google+, both of which employ cookies. As of 22-Aug-2015, this site no longer hosts ads served by Google or its partners (or anyone else), but you may wish to review the information at the link below, which describes how Google uses the data it obtains from your browser while you are visiting this and other websites.
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
I don't think any of the following still applies since this website no longer hosts any ads, but you may still find the following info to be of value. Third party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on other websites based on your visits to this website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to this website and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. You may also wish to review the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
The cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on the website.
You may opt out of third-party vendors' use of cookies for interest based advertising, and obtain more information, by visiting aboutads.info.
In Closing...
I'd like to thank you for visiting this website. Please know that my intention in collecting or using any data associated with your use of the site is not to violate your privacy. I use website analytics to learn how I can improve the website. I used to host ads because I wanted to make some money from the website (mostly to justify to my wife that all the time I spend on it is worthwhile), but I finally got rid of them because I got tired of feeling like a salesman for products and services that I really knew nothing about. I welcome your comments, questions, and interactions, and I hope that this website has been useful to you in some way.
by Bill Wilson
Loading Quotes...
Home/blog
Site Map
Bill Wilson © 2004-2020
Last updated: August 23, 2015 at 11:42 am
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Recent Posts
Re-Defining the Problem
Drag/Drop Interactions in eLearning Design
McFib: An eLearning Interaction Pattern
Unfinished Article: Optimization and Fragility
Thoughts on Human Performance and Elearning Instructional Design
Archives Archives
Select Month
August 2020  (1)
July 2020  (3)
September 2015  (1)
August 2015  (2)
April 2015  (1)
December 2014  (1)
November 2014  (3)
October 2014  (6)
September 2014  (4)
March 2007  (1)
October 2006  (2)
March 2006  (2)
February 2006  (1)
November 2005  (2)
October 2005  (8)
September 2005  (1)
August 2005  (1)
June 2005  (1)
May 2005  (2)
February 2005  (3)
November 2004  (2)
July 2004  (4)
June 2004  (1)
May 2004  (5)
Tagsaudit
beginners
behaviour
books
cause categories
complexity
consequence
contradictions
corrective action
culture
definitions
differences
effectiveness
efficiency
elearning demo
equipment
external
fragility
human performance
humour
instructional design
interfaces
investigation
logic
mishaps
models
near miss
opinion
organizations
philosophy
preparedness
problems
process
processes
quality
resistance to change
risk
safety
software
systems
technology
theory
tools
training
wiki
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org