http://www.timetimer.com/pages/privacy-policy
icon-account
icon-glass
Close menu
Main Menu
Products
See More
NEW! Time Timer WASH
Time Timer Originals
Time Timer PLUS
Watches
Special Edition Timers
Applications
All Timers
Accessories
Explore Uses
See More
In Education
At Home
At Work
In Special Needs
Our Story
See More
In The Media
1% Giveback Program
References in Books
Marketing Materials
Share Your Story
Research
See More
Preschool Study
Blog
Need Help?
"Close Cart"
Note that due to the COVID pandemic, we are currently experiencing some shipping delays. Please allow some extra time for delivery and know that we are shipping your products as quickly as possible. Thank you!
Order by December 15th for Christmas Delivery
Stay in the know.
Subscribe and get exclusive access to promotions, insights and resources.
Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Time Timer LLC. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Time Timer website.
The only personal information we collect during a transaction is: name, street and email address, telephone number and credit card information.
We use the personal information collected from you to process Time Timer orders, as well as to deliver notifications regarding Time Timer pricing, products, promotions, services and applications. Such personal information as we collect is not used for any other purpose and is not shared. Anyone at any time can unsubscribe from the distribution list if you no longer wish to receive this information.
Time Timer LLC never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
TimeTimer.com is fully PCI compliant.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put into place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under the age of 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 to provide information to us.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request detailing the error(s). To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
In the unlikely event any of the personal information you supply us online is misused, you may redress these issues by contacting us directly at support@timetimer.com.
Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please call 1.877.771.TIME or send us an email at support@timetimer.com.