http://www.gresham.ac.uk/privacy-policy/
LOG IN
Attend
Attend
All Future Lectures
Series
- All Future Lectures
- Series
Watch
Watch
All Past Lectures
Series
Shorts
Shorts Series
- All Past Lectures
- Series
- Shorts
- Shorts Series
Speakers
Speakers
Speakers Overview
All Speakers
Professorships
- All Speakers
- Professorships
About Us
About Us
About Gresham College
History
News
Schools and Colleges
Venues
Governance
Policy and Objectives
Our Audience
Books
Vacancies
- History
- News
- Schools and Colleges
- Venues
- Governance
- Policy and Objectives
- Our Audience
- Books
- Vacancies
LOG IN
Privacy Policy
Gresham College is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy sets out how and why we obtain, use and protect personal information.This policy was last amended on 23 May 2018.1. Who we areGresham College is a registered charity in England and Wales (Charity no. 1039962) and a limited company (Company no. 2953431). Gresham College’s registered address is Barnard’s Inn Hall, Holborn, London, EC1N 2HH.This Privacy Policy relates to information which is obtained by Gresham College and for which Gresham College is the Data Controller.2. Our PurposeGresham College is an independently funded educational institution. The College's main activity is the provision and administration of the Gresham Lectures given by the Gresham Professors in a tradition going back more than 400 years. 3. Why we hold and process personal dataWe keep data for the pursuit of our charitable and educational aims.We hold and process personal data for a number of reasons:To keep a record of our subscribers, donors and actions taken by our supporters including our communications with themTo send our audiences and supporters marketing information about our lectures and other activities where we have their consent or are otherwise allowed toTo fulfil contractual obligations entered into with supporters and donorsTo meet wider legal obligations and reporting dutiesTo ensure we do not send unwanted information to supporters or members of the public who have informed us they do not wish to be contacted.Our website and educational outputs are available to all in line with our charitable obligations. 4. Your Consent and Notices of ChangesIf you engage with Gresham College, including through our website, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your personal data under this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and any other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy). We provide you with choices that allow you to opt-out or control how we use and share your data.This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the College. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use the Gresham College website or submit personal information to Gresham College. If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website.5. Information we collectYou provide data to us when you attend our events, register with us, sign up to our mailing list, order a ticket, make a donation, use our website or follow us on social media.We log your visits on our website and your attendance at ticketed events. We receive data from your devices and networks, including location data. We are constantly improving our website and online presence, which means we regularly get new data and create new ways to use data.Attendance at Events or Involvement in our ProjectsWe gather information on those who participate in projects or attend our events including your name and e-mail address.Website Use and Social Media InteractionWe log usage data when you visit or otherwise engage in our work such as when you view or click on content, or perform a search. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. This helps us to understand how people engage with our content and the preferences of our audiences.Your Device and LocationWhen you visit or leave our website (including our plugins or cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next. We also get information about your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, and/or ISP or your mobile carrier. If you use our website from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location. Most devices allow you to prevent location data from being sent to us and we honour your settings.6. How We Share InformationWe may use others to help us with our website and online tools. We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to protect your and our rights and security.Our Charitable and Educational WorkWe do not share our data with third parties unless compelled to do so or in a strictly controlled way to certain Service Providers working on our behalf as set out below.Where other third-party sharing takes place we will always seek permission from you.Service ProvidersWe use others to help us provide our work including our website and other core online services including our CRM and mailing tools (e.g. for maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development), printing and distribution of our programme and other postal mailings. They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes.Legal DisclosuresIt is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, warrant, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you, (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (4) protect the security or integrity of our Service (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of Gresham College and its staff.7. Your Choices and ObligationsWe keep most of your personal data for as long as you are subscribed to our newsletter or on our programme mailing list. We keep some of your data even after you end your relationship with us. You can always access or delete your personal data. Data RetentionWe retain the personal data you provide as needed to carry out our charitable work. If you are an audience member or supporter who receives mailings we keep your data until you ask us to delete it. We retain your personal data even after a supporter or audience member has stopped receiving mailings or a Professor has ceased his or her Professorship to comply with legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet our regulatory and financial requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, or fulfil your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us. The list of the Gresham Professors is a historical record which is maintained for posterity with the limited amount of information we require to achieve this.Rights to Access and Control Your Personal DataYou can always access or delete your personal data. You have choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. Just contact us via email to make any changes. To make a formal complaint about Gresham College’s approach to data protection or raise privacy concerns directly with our data protection team, please contact:Gresham CollegeBarnard’s Inn HallHolbornLondonEC1N 2HHEmail: enquiries@gresham.ac.ukYou also have the right to make a complaint directly to the UK's data protection authority, the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). The ICO can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/Concerns can also be logged via the ICO website.8. Other Important InformationWe monitor and try to prevent security breaches. SecurityWe implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.Cross-Border Data TransfersSometimes we store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United Kingdom. Where we transfer data we do so either within the EEA, under EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks or through written contract terms.Direct MarketingWe target our communications using profiling based on the information we know about you. We do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.ProfilingProfiling is a common technique used in direct marketing and involves analysing data to improve the targeting of communications. Gresham College uses profiling techniques to help ensure our communications are relevant. Profiling allows us to target our resources effectively and continue to provide free public lectures that are relevant to our audiences. The data may have been provided to Gresham College by our audience and supporters when responding to our marketing campaigns, or when using our website, or social media sites such as Facebook.When building a profile we may analyse geographic, demographic and other information relating to you, as well as your previous responses to our marketing campaigns. We do this in order to determine whether we believe a particular marketing campaign might be of interest.
Upcoming
Lectures
5 January 2021 - 1:00PM
The Mathematics of Bell Ringing
6 January 2021 - 6:00PM
What Surgeons Can Learn from Polar Explorers and Fighter Pilots
11 January 2021 - 6:00PM
The Political Jury
12 January 2021 - 6:00PM
Connected Knowledge
13 January 2021 - 6:00PM
Screening: When is it Useful, When is it Not?
14 January 2021 - 6:00PM
Amelia Dyer: Baby Killers
18 January 2021 - 6:00PM
What Makes a Film Classic?
20 January 2021 - 6:00PM
Will Computers Outsmart Mathematicians?
21 January 2021 - 6:00PM
Russian Piano Masterpieces: Scriabin
27 January 2021 - 1:00PM
Cosmic Vision: Unravelling Rainbows
28 January 2021 - 6:00PM
BBC Radio in the LP Era (1948–1982)
1 February 2021 - 1:00PM
Neutrino: The Particle that Shouldn’t Exist
all
Newsletter
Sign up to receive email updates.
Sign Up
Request a Programme
Send us your
details
and we will send you a free programme of our lectures.
Support Gresham
Gresham College receives no government funding. Find out how you can help support us.
Contact
Vacancies
Hire the hall
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© Copyright Gresham College
Gresham College EU-WEST-1A