http://www.thesouthernbaptistacademy.org/privacy.php
Homeschool — Southern Baptist Academy Homeschooling Privacy
Policy
live chat service provider
Send
The Southern Baptist Academy - K-12 Online Homeschooling
About Us
Our Principal
Our Homeschooling Promises
Our Homeschooling Mission
Our Convictions in Homeschooling
Our Homeschool Philosophy
Our Statement of Christian Faith
Homeschool News
Our
National Accreditation
Southern Baptist Convention Resolution
Get Our Kids Out of Public School
Homeschooling Resources Online
Information for School Officials
How It Works
How Homeschooling Works
Homeschool Parent's Role
Homeschool Social Center
Daily
Homeschool Lesson Plans
What You Get
Computer Requirements
Graduation Requirements
Course
Demonstration
Homeschool Portfolios
Full Course Catalog
150 Multimedia Rich Courses
Elementary Homeschooling Curriculum
Middle School Homeschooling Curriculum
High School Homeschooling Curriculum
Summer School Program
Placement Testing
Affordable Tuition
Our
Homeschool Tuition
Exodus
Partners
FAQs
Enroll Now
Homeschool Web site Privacy Policy
This Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy explains our policy
regarding the privacy of information supplied by users or collected
by us from users of this homeschool web site. Because we want to
build users' trust and confidence in our homeschool web site and
demonstrate our commitment to privacy, we want to disclose our
privacy practices.
Your privacy is very important to us. As part of the normal
operation of this homeschool web site, we may collect and store
information about you for purposes including legal identification,
progress evaluations and legal guardianship. This Homeschool Web
Site Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you
and how that information is used.
Use of the Homeschool Web Site
As a visitor to this homeschool web site, our web servers
collect information that is automatically sent by your web
browser. This information typically includes your domain
name (the site after the @ in your e-mail address). It may
also contain your user name (the name before the @ in your
e-mail address). The amount of information sent depends on
the settings you have on your web browser. Please refer to
your web browser if you want to learn what information it
sends. We may also identify you in connection with your use
of certain aspects of our homeschool web site. For example,
we identify you with any e-mail message you send through our
homeschool web site. We may also seek to identify an
individual user in connection with investigating security
breaches or cooperating with authorities pursuant to a legal
matter.
Providing Homeschooling Services
We use the information we automatically receive from your
web browser to see which pages you visit within our
homeschool site, which site you visited before coming to
ours, and where you go after leaving our homeschool site. We
may also internally use any personal information you decide
to provide us to improve our services and promotional
efforts, to improve our content and to customize our
homeschool web site's content and layout. We may, from time
to time, send information to you about products and services
available from The Southern Baptist Academy Homeschool
Program or a 3rd party in the context of our homeschool
newsletter or other forms of communication. We never provide
any personal information to 3rd parties unless required to
do so by law.
Cookies
This homeschool web site may use cookies to make it more
convenient for you by allowing you to visit pages within the
homeschool site without having re-enter certain information.
We do not use cookies to get information from your hard
drive or to get your e-mail address or personal identifying
information. Most browsers can be configured to inform you
when cookies are being set or to prevent cookies from being
set. Please note, however, that by not accepting cookies,
you may limit the functionality we can provide when you
visit our homeschool web site. At times this site may display
advertising provided by Google.com. This advertising is usually identified by the
"Ads by Google" message. When Ads by Google is displayed please note that Google,
as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of its dart cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on
your visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out
of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy..
Other Parties
This Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy only addresses
our use and disclosure of information. To the extent that
you disclose information to other parties, such as linked
sites or authors of any third party information on our
homeschool site, we do not control their privacy policies
or use of such information. We recommend that you ask
others about their privacy policies before you disclose
personal information to them.
Children
We have no intention of collecting any personally
identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of
age who are not registered at The Southern Baptist Academy
Homeschool Program with parent created accounts. If you are
under age 13, please ask your parent for permission before
sending any information to our homeschool site or anyone
else online. Have your parent contact us as indicated below
in order to provide us with prior written consent. If a
child has provided us with personally identifiable
information, a homeschool parent or homeschool guardian of
that child may request that the information be deleted from
our records by contacting us via email.
Legally Required Disclosures
We may be required, by applicable law, subpoena, court order
or other legal process to disclose your personally
identifiable information, and it is our policy to comply
with any such requirements.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our homeschool business, we or our
homeschool affiliates might sell or buy businesses. In such
transactions, personally identifiable information generally
is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the
event that The Southern Baptist Academy Homeschool Program
or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your
personally identifiable information will of course be one of
the transferred assets.
Updates to This Homeschool Web Site Policy
We may update and amend this Homeschool Web Site Privacy
Policy at any time by posting an amended Homeschool Web Site
Privacy Policy to this homeschool web site. We encourage you
to review this Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy from time
to time.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Homeschool Web Site
Privacy Policy, the practices of this homeschool web site,
or your dealings with this homeschool web site, please
contact us.
Copyright © 1999-2020 The Southern Baptist Academy, LBG, Inc., ELRN, Inc. and other copyright
holders. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part without expressed permission is not
permitted. Private access to our online homeschooling environment is subject to the terms and
conditions in our Privacy Policy, Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Policy and rules and conditions
detailed in our online homeschooling website at www.TheSouthernBaptistAcademy.org. Terms and
conditions may change without notice and should be checked regularly for updates.
Homeschool News
Homeschool Tour
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms
Copyright
Mimi Rothschild
Network Status
Facebook Fan Page
Merchant Services