http://www.movingimage.us/about/privacy/
Visit
Programs
Exhibitions
Education
Collection
Families
Support
About
General Information
Board of Trustees
Press Office
Annual Salute
Museum Expansion
Museum History
Community Engagement
New Media Residency
Employment
Internships
Volunteering
FAQ
Financials
Contact Us
Private Events
Privacy Policy
This is the website of Museum of the Moving Image.
Our postal address is:
36-01 35 Avenue
Astoria, NY 11106
We can be reached via email at info@movingimage.us or you can reach us by telephone at 718 777 6800.
This policy is effective on September 1, 2005.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name, but not the email address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the email address of visitors to our website, aggregate information on what pages visitor's access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, and payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
Information that is automatically collected is used only for the purposes of analysis of website visitation, and to improve the content of our web page. Information volunteered by the visitor is used, when consent for such usage is granted, to notify visitors about updates to our website, or to notify visitors about upcoming events and programs. This information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. It may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
Periodically, we are offered the opportunity to expand the Moving Image community through one-time list exchanges with other reputable non-profit, arts, or cultural organizations. By allowing us to exchange your name, address, and/or email, you help us to expand our base. We may occasionally make personal information available to select other organizations such as affiliated organizations, agents working on our behalf, companies or organizations with whom we have a contractual relationship. If you do not want your information to be used in the manner stated above, please contact privacy @ movingimage.us. You only need notify us once of your preference-it will be kept on file indefinitely.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitor's preferences, record session information, such as items that visitors add to their shopping cart in the Museum's online shop.
Visitors who sign up for a Museum membership online and who supply us with a postal address will receive periodic mailings from us with information on upcoming events, programs, and other member offers. Visitors who purchase products from the Museum's online shop may receive periodic mailings with information on products offered by the Museum shop. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please contact shop @ movingimage.us.
The Museum does not share information gathered online with commercial organizations without prior consent to do so from the visitor.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to ad servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
We may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357 or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Calendar
Email Newsletter
Become a Member
Reverse Shot
Sloan Science & Film
Pinewood Dialogues
The Living Room Candidate
EVENT RENTALS
RENT THE QUEENS DRIVE-IN
36-01 35 Ave, Astoria, NY 11106
718 777 6888
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Tumblr
Google+
Sitemap and Credits
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
eNews
© 2020 Museum of the Moving Image