https://www.jyu.fi/en/university/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
You are here:
University of Jyväskylä
>
University
>
Privacy Notice
Listen
15.10.2020
The University of Jyväskylä processes personal data as part of its operations. This processing is described in the privacy notices below. The university's key task is to promote research, provide research-based top education and to interact with society.
The University of Jyväskylä processes the data of students, staff and research participants.The processing of personal data is also necessary in order to provide the university community tools to carry out its work tasks, to enable students to study and to maintain access and information security. The University also attaches importance to stakeholder cooperation and that is why alumni, marketing, customer and partner data are processed.
When data is collected for research purposes research participant will usually receive a privacy notice. These privacy notices are also available from the Registry Office (kirjaamo@jyu.fi).
Contact our Data Protection Officer; tietosuoja@jyu.fi .
Finnish versions of privacy notices are available in address:https://www.jyu.fi/fi/yliopisto/tietosuojailmoitus
Rights of the data subject:
Instructions and form for making an Information Rights Request.
Report Data Security Breach
Instructions for notifying the University of Jyväskylä about information security violations. You can also report e.g. phishing.
Privacy notices:
Students
Registration and collecting study fees at the JYU and other obligatory or voluntary payments related to registration
Personal data about students
Student mobility to the University of Jyväskylä
Student mobility heading abroad
Personal data in applying for a study place at the University of Jyväskylä
Access to education on an equal basis and individual arrangements for a student
JYU Open University students
Kokkola University Consortium Chydenius, Open University
Research
Patient register of the Psychotherapy Training and Research Centre
Scientific research: research projects with data collected in the context of scientific research that is in the public interest
Centrally executed surveys carried out by the University
Teaching and supervising at JYU during the Covid-19 pandemic of spring 2020
Curriculum work at the University of Jyväskylä in the 2019–2020 academic year
Open science and publication
The JYX publication archive
University Library Customer Database
University Museum Customer service
Collection management of the Jyväskylä University Museum
HR Services
Job applicants
Personal data about the members of the staff of the JYU
JYU staff’s international visits
Facility and support services for the staff of Kokkola University Consortium Chydenius
Partners without an employment relationship
Financial Services
University online payment service
BEM information system for facility service requests
University stakeholder cooperation
University stakeholder cooperation (alumni, events, fundraising, PR, marketing)
Events, congresses and seminars
Friendship Family Programme
Other services
GraphoLearn service
Report Data Security Breach