http://www.rbteach.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About RBTWelcome from Jon Saphier
What RBT Does
Mission & Core Values
Events
Partners
RBT Conference Center
Why RBT?Our Approach
Our Expertise
Our Impact
Our People
Products & ResourcesOnline Store
Downloads
Video Library
Professional DevelopmentSystemic Improvement Projects
RBT Courses
Open Enrollment Programs
Online Programs
Our BlogHot Topics
What's New
Articles Archive
Public Policy
This RBT privacy policy (this “Policy”) covers the website www.RBTeach.com (the “Site”) and is applicable to all information about you (“you”) collected through the Site (“Information”).
RBT discloses the Information collection and usage practices applicable to the Site in this Policy. This Policy describes the types of Information that RBT gathers from you and the other people who visit the Site (the “Users”) and how we may use that Information. By providing any Information, you agree to our use of that Information consistent with this Policy.
Please read this Policy carefully before providing us with any Information.
Personally Identifiable Information
All Users have the option of providing various types of personally identifiable Information to us through the Site. For example, you may choose to provide us your personally identifiable Information, including, but not limited to, your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, or age. We collect this personally identifiable Information when you, at any point, manually enter it into any online form available on the Site. We may store a cookie file on your hard drive so that our systems will recognize you each time you visit the Site. In that way, we can save your preferences from visit to visit and present you with a customized version of the Site without requiring you to log into the Site every time you visit. We may store your personally identifiable Information in our systems for use in other ways as described in this Policy.
In order for you to take full advantage of the Site, we encourage you to provide your personally identifiable Information to us. Providing your personally identifiable Information is, however, voluntary. You may choose not to provide us with your personally identifiable Information by simply not to entering it on the Site. While you still will have access to the Site even if you do not provide us with your personally identifiable Information, you should understand that you will not be able to use certain of the services or features available through the Site that require you to enter your personally identifiable Information in order to function.
If you do not input any of your personally identifiable Information, then the Information we collect from you is limited. For example, we log your IP address in order to help us to diagnose problems with our hosting servers, administer the Site and track usage statistics. Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same, depending on whether you access the Site through an always-on type of Internet connection (such as cable or DSL), or through a dial-up connection. Either way, it would be very difficult for us to personally identify you through your IP address. If you reached the Site by clicking on a link or ad from another web site, then we may also log that Information. This helps us to maximize our Internet exposure and to understand the interests of our Users. All of this Information is collected and used only in aggregated form; that is, it is entered into our database, where we can use it to generate overall anonymous reports on our Users.
Cookies
We may place a small file known as a “cookie” on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie may contain information that allows us to track your path through the Site and to determine whether you have visited us before. The cookie itself never contains your personally identifiable Information. However, if you provide us with personally identifiable Information, the cookie may allow us to personally identify you if you return to the site again. Our cookies cannot be used to read data from your hard drive and cannot retrieve information from any other cookies created by other websites. We use cookies in this manner to help us understand how visitors use the Site, and to help us to improve the Site. You may refuse to accept a cookie from us by following the procedures for rejecting cookies specific to your web browser. Although you may do so, you may find that your browser reacts strangely when visiting not only this Site, but other web sites as well.
Clear GIFs
Although not used at this time, we may choose to employ a software technology called “clear GIF,” which helps us better manage content on the Site by informing us what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with unique identifiers, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a User’s computer hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web sites and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the Information gathered by clear GIFs to Users’ personally identifiable Information.
If you visit this Site by “clicking through” from an another web site, and you have registered with that other web site, then certain information about you that you provided to that other website, such as the terms you were searching on that led you to the Site, may be transmitted to us and we may use it. You should review the privacy policy of any web site from which you reached the Site in order to determine what information was collected by that web site and for what purpose(s) you agreed that web site could use that information. We may or may not retain that information; if we do, then we will only use it in accordance with this Policy.
RBT Policy Regarding Children Under the Age of 13
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13, and RBT does not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the Information you provide to us to help both of us! We may use the Information we collect to:
Share your Information with educational institutions you select in order for the school(s) to contact you.
Make your next visit to the Site more personalized.
Contact you regarding administrative issues such as questions about your specific request.
Compile anonymous statistical information for analysis.
Provide aggregated anonymous information to third parties.
Provide, sell or rent your Information to third parties, including educational institutions, for administration and advertising purposes.
Make telephone calls to you with information and offers.
Mail information and offers to you.
Email information and offers to you.
Consent to the Use of Third Party Providers
Please understand that RBT may contract with other third parties to provide various services to RBT relating to the Site on an outsourced basis rather than performing the services itself. For example, we may contract with an email provider to handle the distribution of email messages to Users of the Site. Likewise, we may contract with a web site hosting provider to host the Site for us. By visiting the Site, all Users consent to RBT providing all Information (whether or not personally identifiable) received or collected from those Users to such third party providers for the purpose of enabling the third party provider to provide these outsourced services to us. In addition, all Users consent to the collection, maintenance, and processing of their Information (whether or not personally identifiable) by RBT and these third party providers. Third parties will protect your information as RBT would under the terms of this policy.
Opting Out
This privacy statement describes RBT’s potential uses of your Information. If you do not agree to our potential uses of your personally identifiable Information as we have described for you, you are not required to provide that Information to us. In addition, you may opt out of receiving advertising and promotional emails from us simply by responding to the opt-out email link provided on all email communications from RBT. You are not able to opt out of receiving administrative emails from us.
If you are a registered user, you may change your registered profile at anytime by logging into the web site and selecting the option to change your profile. You also may cancel or correct your personal information at any time. You can do this by e-mailing us at webmaster@rbteach.com with your User Name and the notice “opt out” in the subject field of the e-mail. We will send you an e-mail to confirm your request. After we receive confirmation from you, we will correct or remove your Information from the active database, but some Information may remain in our archives.
Surveys
From time to time our Site may request information from Users via emailed surveys. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the User therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose personally identifiable Information. The requested Information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Survey Information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Site. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys, these intermediaries will not use the Users’ personally identifiable Information for any secondary purposes. You may opt out of receiving emailed surveys from us simply by responding to the opt-out email link provided on all email communications from us.
Other Web Sites; Links
Please be aware that RBT’s affiliated learning institutions, promotional partners and other third-party web sites accessible through the Site may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. RBT is not responsible for any actions, content of web sites or privacy policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifiable information through linked web sites.
Disclosure of Your Information
As you might expect, RBT must cooperate with legal authorities, and may in some circumstances be required to disclose Information (including personally identifiable Information) in response to requests from law enforcement authorities, or in response to a subpoena or other legal process. We don’t expect this to happen, but if it does, we will provide only the Information required. We can also turn over Information about you if we believe we must in order to prevent a violation of the law and, by accepting this Policy, you consent to our right to do so, in our sole discretion. You also consent to our disclosing Information about you in the course of legal proceedings if we believe we are legally required to do so, if we reasonably believe that doing so may mitigate our liability, or if doing so will assist us in enforcing our legal rights.
At some point, RBT may establish subsidiaries or other related companies, or merge with or be acquired by another company. When that happens, then we may disclose to them your Information, in which case we will request them to abide by this Policy. We may also disclose some Information to a potential acquirer, although such disclosure would be subject to normal and customary requirements.
If and when such a merger or acquisition takes place, we will notify you by publishing a public announcement on our Site.
Of course, RBT will take reasonable measures to secure the Information Users provide to us, using industry-standard methods. All Information is protected by password and accessible only to authorized RBT personnel. However, there is a remote possibility that Internet transmissions containing a User’s personally identifiable Information may be intercepted by others. There is no way for us to ensure the privacy of User Information before it arrives at the Site or after it leaves the Site.
This privacy policy has been in effect since March 29, 2007. If we change this Policy, we will post the amended Policy on the Site so that you are aware of what Information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review the Site frequently for any changes. Amendments to this Policy will be posted on the Site and will be effective when posted. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted, the changes to any amended or revised Policy by your continued use of our services or the Site. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here.
If you have questions specifically about this Policy, or to legal issues pertaining to the practices of the Site or your use of the Site, please contact us.
Due to the high volume of inquiries we receive, we regret that we cannot respond to individual inquiries asking for information about specific classes, education programs, schools, how to register for classes, or how to register for courses except as represented in the Site.
Contact Information
Electronic:
To opt out of e-mail communications: complete the form at: http://www.rbteach.com/unsubscribe.htm.
To edit your personal information: go to http://rbteach.com/editprofile.asp or send an email with your User Name and the notice “My Information” in the subject line to [cite the correct address]. To delete your personal information, send an email with the word Remove in the subject field to webmaster@rbteach.com
To express or ask questions regarding privacy concerns: send an email to webmaster@rbteach.com.
RBT Phone:+1-978-263-9449
RBT Mailing Address:Research for Better Teaching, Inc.One Acton PlaceActon, MA 01720
Click here to sign up for the RBT Newsletter.