https://www.dufferinmuseum.com/privacy/
Privacy – Museum of Dufferin
Sorry, we're closed right now.
Skip to content
MENUMENUCome Visit
About UsPlan Your VisitArchives Appointment BookingRentalsFAQContact Us
What's On
Exhibits & Art ShowsEvents & ProgramsHoliday Treasures
Learn & Explore
Online Learning HubSchool ProgramsTours
Collections & Research
About Our CollectionsResearch OnlineResearch InquiriesCollection Donations
Get Involved
PRIVACY POLICY
Museum of Dufferin Website Privacy Policy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. The Museum of Dufferin (MoD) is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
As a department of the County of Dufferin, the MoD is governed by the County of Dufferin’s Privacy Policy, which can be found here – https://www.dufferincounty.ca/administration/privacy-and-freedom-information
MFIPPA Privacy of Personal Information in Government Records
The handling of all personal information by the Museum of Dufferin is governed by the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (MFIPPA). We are committed to protecting your privacy whether you are browsing for information or conducting business with the Museum electronically.
When you visit our website, we will not collect your personal information unless you choose to use and receive online products and services that require it. Any personal information you send to us over the internet is subject to MFIPPA.
The MoD strictly limits access to personal information to only County of Dufferin employees who need your personal information to carry out their roles and responsibilities.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Museum of Dufferin (MoD) website. On some pages, you can register for programs and services offered by the MoD.
The types of personal information collected may include one or more of the following:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Email
We DO NOT collect and store payment information (credit/debit card numbers and cvc) on any County of Dufferin (Museum of Dufferin) servers. Payment processing services are provided through third-party entities such as Shopify Payments (Stripe) and Eventbrite Payment Processing. This allows us to protect your sensitive information while reducing our PCI compliance burden.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself exclusively to facilitate registration for our offered programs and services and/or to notify you of news concerning the MoD. You will have the option of not receiving news updates, surveys and/or advertisements when you register for a program or service with the MoD. MoD only shares the information that is necessary for third parties to administer a program or system on our behalf.
The MoD uses return email addresses to answer emails we receive. Email addresses will not be shared with outside parties EXCEPT as noted in the previous paragraph.
This information will be used for the following purposes:
Registration for programs, events, special exhibitions and workshops, payments, mailings (for invoices, advertisements, surveys, newsletters), and facility rentals.
To process your requests for services, products or further information.
To communicate with you regarding services or products that you have requested.
To advise you about changes to our web or onsite service offerings and of service interruptions.
We use ‘Cookies’ to Collect Information Anonymously
The MoD uses a browser tool called a ‘cookie’, to collect information anonymously and to track how visitors are using our website. A cookie is a small text file that tells us which web pages are being visited, items that are being downloaded, and by how many people. We use this information exclusively for statistical reporting and review the results to improve our website and services. A cookie contains a unique identification (ID) number that identifies the following each time you visit one of our webpages.
Your browser
Internet Protocol (IP) address
The date and time of your visit
The IP addresses of the websites you linked to while visiting our site
A cookie DOES NOT identify you personally. Cookies do not reveal the identity of any user, and we never combine information gathered by a cookies with personally identifiable information such as your name, phone number or e-mail address.
We use Google Analytics and Jetpack Analytics to collect data for statistical reporting. The data we gather is not connected to any personal information, so you anonymity and privacy is protected at all times. The data we record is used to generate reports that help us understand our visitors better and design our website and services to meet their needs.
Third-Party Sites and Services
The MoD uses third-party service providers to sell products and services (e.g. Shopify and Eventbrite). These sites and services are not owned, certified or controlled by the MoD. Use of these sites is subject to separate Privacy Policies.
View Eventbrite’s Privacy Policy here.
View our Shopify store Privacy Policy here. or Shopify’s general privacy policy here.
With the exception of dufferinmuseum.shop and dufferinmuseum.eventbrite.com, the third-party sites to which links are provided on this website (dufferinmuseum.com) are not under the control of the MoD. The MoD is not responsible for and makes no representations or warranties concerning the contents of any linked site or any link contained in the linked site. The MoD website provides links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement, investigation or verification by the MoD of the linked site.
Copyright
Canadian copyright law protects these websites and the material and images appearing within it. Such website materials and images may not be copied, published, distributed, downloaded or otherwise stored in a retrieval system, transmitted or converted, in any form or by any means, electronic or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email to Rebecca Whelan at rwhelan@dufferincounty.ca or call 519-941-2816 ext. 2505 All policies of the MoD and the County of Dufferin are governed under the laws of Canada and the laws of the Province of Ontario.
Home
Privacy
(519) 941-1114
1-877-941-7787
info@dufferinmuseum.com
936029 Airport Road
Mulmur, Ontario
L9V 0L3
Follow us:
facebook
twitter
instagram
ABOUT THE MoD
MoD POLICIES
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
CREDITS
Owned and operated by the County of Dufferin
© Museum of Dufferin 2019.
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset