http://www.etelestia.com/en/privacy-policy.aspx
Top
Select language
en
fr
de
el
eTelestia Fashion Learning
Pricelist
Students' Log in
User Log in
User Log out
Cart [0]
Contact Us
01
Online Courses
Take the simple onlinecourses to master your skills.
02
Degrees & Diplomas
Study online and gain aprofessional Certificate.
03
CAD Software
Create your own patterncollections.
04
Other Products
Learn everything aboutthe world of Fashion.
Pattern Making
Pattern Making Full Course
Pattern Making - Womenswear
Pattern Making - Women's Blouses
Pattern Making - Women's Jackets & Coats
Pattern Making - Women's Skirts
Pattern Making - Women's Trousers
Pattern Making - Women's Pay As You Go
Pattern Making - Menswear
Pattern Making - Childrenswear
Optional Tools
Fashion Design
Fashion Design Full Course
Fashion Design - Technical Drawing
Fashion Design - Creative Design
Pattern Grading
Pattern Grading Full Course
Pattern Grading - Womenswear
Pattern Grading - Menswear
Pattern Grading - Childrenswear
Sewing
Sewing Full Course
Sewing - Women's Blouses
Sewing - Women's Jackets & Coats
Sewing - Women's Skirts & Trousers
Sewing - Menswear
Sewing - Childrenswear
Sewing - Pay As You Go
Special Offers
Special Offer Skirts
Certified Courses
Level 2 Telestia Diploma
Level 3 Telestia Diploma
Apparel Product Development: Clothing Technology
Apparel Product Development: Design Technology
CAD Software
Telestia Creator - CAD Pattern Cutting Software
Telestia Creator - CAD Fashion Design Software
Telestia Creator - CAD Pattern Grading Software
Telestia Creator - CAD Pattern Cutting extras
Telestia Creator - CAD Fashion Design extras
Telestia Creator Plus MTM solution for Designers
Other Products
Road to Fashion
Virtual Factory
Fashion Express Collection
Privacy Policy
Home | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tweet
eTELESTIA.COM PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting eTelestia.com, a SITAM-AB site. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practises and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this SITAM-AB site.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At eTelestia.com, you can order products and services, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
You may also submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card or information about eTelestia.com and if you order an eTelestia product as an online gift and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
At certain parts of our site, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, programs, and services, or otherwise participate in the site's activities and offerings.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape, Opera), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows '98 or 2000) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Forthnet, NetHost).
COOKIES
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
Provider
Name
Purpose
Duration
Google
IDE
This is an Google advertising cookie used for measuring interactions and conversions under the domain doubleclick.net. Other Google properties, like YouTube, may also use these cookies to show you more relevant ads. https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
Browser session to 6 Months
_gat, _ga,_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
2 Years,1 Day1 Day
1P_JAR
These cookies are used to gather website statistics, and track conversion rates.
Browser session to 6 Months
NID
The NID cookie contains a unique ID Google uses to remember your preferences and other informationThe NID cookie contains a unique ID Google uses to remember your preferences and other information, such as your preferred language (e.g. English).
6 Months
DV
Google ad personalisation
Browser session to 6 Months
CONSENT
Cookie Consent is a free JavaScript plugin for alerting users about the use of cookies on our website.
20 Years
Contact Pigeon
X-Mapping-fjhppofk,bi
We use ContactPigeon to collect information while you access, browse, view or otherwise use the Site. In other words, when you access the Site we are aware of your usage of the Site, and may gather, collect and record the information relating to such usage, including geo-location information, IP address, device and connection information, browser information and web-log information. We use that information to enhance user experience, personalize your browsing experience and inform you about additional products, services or promotions from the Site that may be of interest to you. We may also collect supplemental information obtained from third parties such as demographic and navigation data. You can request to have the information collected deleted and your email address added in an exclusion list by emailing privacy@contactpigeon.com. ContactPigeon will process the request within a reasonable period of time after receipt.
Facebook
fr
This cookie is being used by Facebook to deliver a series of new advertisement products. It identifies the Encrypted Facebook ID and Browser ID. More about Facebook cookie policy.
3 Months
Youtube
PREF
Stores your Youtube preferences
Browser Session
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Used in Youtube video speed and bandwidth calculations. More about Youtube privacy policy
7 Months
YSC
Set by embedded Youtube videos
Browser Session
How we Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We may use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when we are making a special offer to you or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.
We may also use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards. From time to time, we might use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to them.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., an evaluation comment or a question or comment to an online moderator), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us.
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., an evaluation comment or a question or comment to an online moderator), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyse site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Agents and contractors of SITAM-AB who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for SITAM-AB.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Certain agents and contractors of SITAM-AB may disclose personally identifiable information to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you. If a site shares personally identifiable information, it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses.
SITAM-AB may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive marketing information from this site, please state so when asked.
Finally, SITAM-AB sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTY SITES AND SPONSORS
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practises may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
SITAM-AB sites sometimes may offer content (e.g., services or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. SITAM-AB has no control over these third parties' use of this information. The SITAM-AB site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information.
Some SITAM-AB sites may use a reputable third party to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at its Web pages. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third party ad server may have collected from you.
OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION
For instructions on how you can access the personally identifiable information that eTelestia.com has collected about you online, or how to correct factual errors in such information, please contact contact@etelestia.com
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
IF YOU ARE UNDERAGE
Visitors to this site may participate in many activities without providing any personally identifiable information. In all cases we assume that the user is over 15 years of age. When the person who registers indicates that he or she is under 15, we will either collect no information from that individual or inform the child that a parent's verifiable consent is required or we will collect the e-mail address of the user's parent in addition to the user's e-mail address. We shall ask and use the parent's e-mail address to seek the parent's verifiable consent or notify the parent of his/her child's online activities and enable the parent to unsubscribe his/her child from a newsletter or training course. We will not to our knowledge provide a user under 15 with our products or services without the user’s parent’s consent, nor will we use any more user information than is necessary to this purpose. We do not share children's information with outside third parties not bound by this policy. If you would like to review any personally identifiable information that we have collected online from your child, have this information deleted, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of your child's information or if you have questions about these information practices, you may contact us at contact@etelestia.com or at SITAM-AB, A. Vouyouka & Co, 3 Stefanou Tatti Street, Thessaloniki 546 22 Greece.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about the SITAM-AB online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us at: contact@etelestia.com.
To receive notifications or updates regarding one of the offerings on our site, the only personally identifiable information that we collect is your e-mail address. If you would like to review this information, simply send an e-mail to us at contact@etelestia.com, from the e-mail address that you wish to verify, and we will confirm whether we have this information.
For all other interactive uses of our site, you must be a registered user. If you have registered and wish to review, update, or correct the information that we have collected online and that we maintain, please email us at contact@etelestia.com.
DATA REQUEST / ERASE FORM
Name *
Surname *
E-mail *
Type of Request *
Request to erase your data
Request to access your data
Update or correct your data
Other
Request description *
Please describe here your request, including reference information like a purchase date or order ID number.
cps hof
To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty.
eTelestia Pattern Making Solutions
A carefully designed Perfect Education Environment
with the right balance of Control, Diversity & Creativity
eTelestia products have been tested and used for over 45 years by thousands of people and can guarantee the best results in clothing technology skills.
With the eTelestia courses you can master the skills of pattern making for fashion design for yourself, your family or as a new career move?
The eTelestia online courses have been tried on thousands of users for more than 40 years and have been highly-praised, for their clear methodology, accurate results and for speeding up the learning process, to acquire the skills of pattern making, fashion design and sewing.
With eTelestia you can learn how to create any fashion design and pattern with the help of modern technology, animation, videos and clear step-by-step instructions.
When you start an online course you will be assigned an Online Tutor to guide you through your eTelestia learning experience. Your Tutor will answer any questions, monitor your progress and evaluate your assignments and contributions.
This online course provides the flexibility of time and location.
You can study Pattern Making and Fashion Design from home or from the office, at your own pace, in your own time.
eTelestia offers a series of short courses and accredited courses.
Study Information
Our Approach
Learning Content
Course Environment-Services
Technical Information
Before Starting a course
Tools we provide
About Us
The Company
Useful Links
Partners In EU
Course Quality
Awards & Announcements
Students' Gallery
Download Demos
Students' Testimonials
Community
FAQ
Contact Us
Search form
Search
Pay with
T +30 2310 251510
F +30 2310 251511
contact@etelestia.com
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Google+
Pinterest
Instagram
© 2020 eTelestia.
All rights reserved.
Return and Cancellation policy
Copyright statement
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Affiliates
Mindworks