http://www.uvu.edu/legal/non-discrimination.html
Nondiscrimination Statement
In accordance with federal law, Utah Valley University requires that all application
and recruitment materials include a statement of nondiscrimination. This statement
must be included in any bulletins, announcements, publications, catalogs, application
forms, or other recruitment materials that are made available to participants, students,
applicants, or employees.
The nondiscrimination statement that must be included in its entirety in these materials
is:
Utah Valley University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age
(40 and over), disability, veteran status, pregnancy, childbirth, or pregnancy-related
conditions, citizenship, genetic information, or other basis protected by applicable
law, including Title IX and 34 C.F.R. Part 106, in employment, treatment, admission,
access to educational programs and activities, or other University benefits or services.
Inquiries about nondiscrimination at UVU may be directed to the U.S. Department of
Education’s Office for Civil Rights or UVU’s Title IX Coordinator / Director of Equal
Opportunity at 801-863-7999 – TitleIX@uvu.edu – 800 W University Pkwy, Orem, 84058,
Suite BA 203.
This statement is not only a legal requirement, but the spirit of nondiscrimination
is included in our Mission Statement, as well as in the University Code of Conduct,
which states: “UVU is committed to providing an environment free from harassment and
prohibited discrimination. When communicating and interacting with others, individuals
are expected to:
Treat others with fairness, dignity, and respect
Promote a respectful culture that is free from harassment, intimidation, discrimination,
retaliation, threat, or violence
Report harassing, discriminatory, threatening, or violent activities or behavior immediately
Communicate with honesty, civility, and respect
Provide equal access to programs, facilities, and employment
Promote conflict resolution”
For materials including financial aid statements such as loan and grant availability
and how to apply, the following Title IV statement is required in addition to the
nondiscrimination statement:
The information provided is in compliance with the U.S. Department of Education’s
disclosure requirements for programs eligible for Title IV financial aid as programs
that prepare students for gainful employment in a recognized occupation as required
in 34 CFR 668.6(b).
*The text of the required statements must not be smaller than size 8 point font.
Enter search terms
Disclaimers and Legal Statements
UVU
Legal
Terms of UsePrivacy StatementCopyright ComplaintsNon-Discrimination