http://www.actx.edu/hr/privacy-notice
AC NEWS
More News >>
Toggle navigation
Human Resources / EOD
Human Resources Home Page
COVID-19 Information
COVID-19 Human Resources Information
Title IX
Help / Contact
Position Listings
Benefits
General Benefits
Health Coverage
Plan Year 2021 Rates
Plan Year 2020 Rates
Optional Insurance Benefits
TexFlex Plans
Employee Discount Purchase Program
Learning and Development
AC Talks Webinars
Badger Buzz Blog
Payroll Information
Duty Days - Paid Days
Salary Schedules
Policies
Board Policy Manual
Campus Carry Policy
Classified and Administrative Personnel Handbook
Substance Abuse Policy
Student Rights and Responsibilities
Faculty Handbook
2019 Campus Security Report
Retirement
Retirement Benefits
ACBP
No Excuses 2020 Meetings
Forms (requires logging in)
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Accreditation
Amarillo College is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award associate degrees and certificates. Contact the Commission on Colleges at 1866 Southern Lane Decatur, Georgia 30033-4097 or call 404-679-4500 for questions about the accreditation of Amarillo College
When program accreditation or other reviews are required or advantageous to the College, the administration may require or recommend program or institutional compliance to the prescribed standards as set forth by the accrediting body or any agreed upon entity.
Discrimination Prohibited
Discrimination in employment and the education process on the basis of race, color, religion, age, gender, national origin, or disability, or on the basis of the individual's exercise of constitutional rights is forbidden by state and federal statutes and is a violation of Amarillo College policy. All recruitment and admissions material complies with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Americans with Disabilities Act as amended (ADA). Inquiries regarding Amarillo College’s compliance with ADA, or requests for accommodations for persons with disabilities can be directed to: Vice President of Human Resources, Amarillo College, P.O. Box 447, Amarillo, Texas 79178.
Amarillo College's intent is that its website be fully compliant with US Government Section 508 Guidelines and WAI Content Accessibility Guidelines 1999/05/05. With more than 10,000 pages it is a difficult task that is continually undergoing remediation and user education.
Disclaimer
Amarillo College is not responsible for contents on links to non-Amarillo College websites.
Web Privacy Statement
Amarillo College is committed to ensuring the privacy of personal information. We do not actively share personal information gathered from our web servers. However, because Amarillo College is a public institution, some information collected from the Amarillo College website, including summary server log information, emails, and information collected from web-based forms, may be subject to release. This means that while we do not share or sell information unless solicited, in some cases we may be compelled by the Texas Open Records Act to release information.
Student directory information for both resident and distance students is routinely requested by vendors through the Texas Public Information Act. If a student does not wish for this public information to be released, he/she is responsible for notifying the Registrar’s Office, located in the Student Service Center, in writing by the 12th class day each regular semester and by the 4th class day of the summer term. Employees (faculty and staff) can restrict access to public information by completing the appropriate documents in the Human Resources office.
Amarillo College complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which prohibits the release of education records without student permission.
The Amarillo College web consists of several web servers. Some servers hosted by Amarillo College may adopt different privacy statements as their specific needs require. If another Amarillo College web server has a privacy statement that is different from this notice, that statement will be posted on their site.
The Amarillo College website contains links to external websites. The College is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external web links.
Information We Gather
The following information may be collected and stored automatically from all users accessing the Amarillo College website to browse or download information:
• Internet address of computer being used
• Web pages requested
• Referring web page
• Date and time
• Type of web browser being used
This information is used to occasionally create summary statistics which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest to users, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information, and will not be released to outside (third) parties unless legally required.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
Amarillo College does not retain personally identifiable information about you when you visit our web sites unless you choose to provide such information to us (i.e. sending an email, participating in a survey, responding to a request for information or "contact us" form, etc.)
We consider any information that could reasonably be used to identify you as "personally identifying information." This includes, but is not limited to:
name
address
email address
Social Security Number
Any combination of data that could be used to identify you such as your birth date, your  zip code and your gender.
If you provide personal information in an email or by completing a form and submitting it through our website, we may use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information from such communications for any purpose other than to respond to you. We do not collect information for commercial marketing.
Security and Accuracy of Personal and Confidential Information
Although no computer system is 100 percent secure, Amarillo College has deployed extensive security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control.
If you are concerned about the accuracy of information contained in your personal records, you should refer to the appropriate custodian of record. The Registrar is custodian of all records for currently enrolled students and for all official academic records. The Vice President of Student Affairs is custodian of all other student records. The Vice President of Human Resources is the custodian of all employee records (faculty and staff).
Off-Site Links
Links to non-Amarillo College organizations are provided solely as a service to our users. These links do not constitute an endorsement of these organizations or their programs by Amarillo College, and none should be inferred. Amarillo College is not responsible for the content found at these links.
Questions
If you have questions about this privacy statement or you believe that your personal information has been released without your consent, send email to humanresources@actx.edu.
AC EVENTS
More Events >>
Follow @AmarilloCollege
Follow @AmarilloCollege