http://www.cerrocoso.edu/library/library-policies
Skip to main content
You are here Home
Library
Library Rules and Regulations
Library Rules and Regulations
Standards of Conduct
All patrons are expected to maintain appropriate standards of conduct. Failure to maintain these standards may result in suspension of library privileges and in the case of students may result in disciplinary action in accordance with the policies and procedures of the college.
Smoking, E-cigarettes, and the use of smokeless tobacco are prohibited in all areas of the library.
Noise levels should be kept to a minimum. This includes the use of cell phones and music devices. Patrons are requested to turn cell phone ringers to the lowest volume or on vibrate and take phone calls in the lobby area to minimize distraction.
Food and beverages are allowed with the exception of Room 631. Drinks should have a lid to help contain liquids in case of a spill. Patrons are responsible for cleaning up and maintaining a clean environment. Aromatic foods that may bother other patrons are discouraged in the library.
No animals are allowed in the library other than those assisting persons with disabilities.
Children (14 years and younger) are welcome in the library only when under the direct supervision of a responsible adult.
Circulation
Authorized Borrowers
Cerro Coso Community College Library materials may be borrowed by currently registered students, faculty, and staff. There is no fee for borrowing privileges and the library does not issue borrower cards. Course reserves may be checked out by registered students at the circulation desk for use in the library. Reference materials may be viewed in the library and are non-circulating. Audiovisual materials may be checked out by faculty and staff, and all other patrons may view these materials in the library.
The library will not circulate materials or provide computer access to patrons younger than 18 years of age unless the minor is a registered student.
Community Patrons
Community patrons 18 years or older may borrow materials and use the resources at the library by presenting valid photo identification. Check-out privileges are limited to one item only. Community patrons are also unable to print from library computers, request Interlibrary Loans from other libraries, or access online resources from off-campus.
Limits
All patrons have a 10 item limit. In special circumstances, these limits may be exceeded with permission of the Librarian.
Loan Period
The following loan periods are in effect of library materials:
Books:
3 weeks from day of checkout; 2 renewals
Course Reserves:
Library Use Only or as specified
Reference materials:
Library Use Only except with special permission by faculty
Laptops:
Library Use Only
Audiovisual (videos, CDs, etc.):
Checkout is available to staff and faculty. Library Use Only to all other patrons except with special permission
Renewals
Materials may be renewed by phone or email when they are not overdue and when there are no outstanding requests from other users for the material(s). Patrons may renew items 2 times. In special circumstances, the librarian may allow additional renewals.
Fines
Fines are not charged for overdue materials. Materials not returned after three weeks from the due date are assumed lost and a hold for the replacement cost of the item will be placed on the student's record at the Business Office.
Lost or Damaged Materials
Items are considered lost after they are 4 weeks overdue. Patrons will receive an email notice with the cost of the item and the fee will be added to the student’s account at the Business Office. Patrons must pay the cost of lost or damaged materials or provide the library with a brand new duplicate copy of the item.
Holds
Patrons may place a hold on a circulating item by signing in to the catalog and clicking “Request” in the item record. An email will be sent when the item is available. It will be held at the circulation desk for one week.
Copies and Copyright
Copies may be made at the circulation desk for $.10 per copy. Patrons using this equipment accept responsibility for abiding by all copyright laws. The Copyright Law of the United States (Title 17 of the U.S. Code) governs the making of photocopies of copyrighted material.
Video Copyright
All videos owned by Cerro Coso Community College Library may be viewed by students in the library on equipment supplied by the library. Faculty may check out videos for use in their classes.
WARNING: Federal law provides severe civil and criminal penalties for the unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or exhibition of copyrighted motion pictures and video tapes. (Title 17, United States Code, Sections 501 and 506.) The Federal Bureau of Investigation investigates allegations of criminal copyright infringement. (Title 17, United States Code, Section 506).
Library Reserve Copyright
Photocopying one copy of an article from an owned journal title or a chapter from an owned volume at the request of a faculty member for the purpose of Library Reserve fits within Copyright guidelines of Fair Use.
Multiple Copies made for Course Reserves:
The amount of material should be reasonable (discretionary designation) with respect to the total amount of material assigned for one term of a course taking into account the nature of the course, its subject matter and level, 17 U.S.C. 401(1) and (3).
The number of copies should be reasonable (discretionary designation) in light of the number of students enrolled, the difficulty and timing of assignments, and other courses which may assign the same material, 17 U.S.C. 107(1) and (3).
Material should contain some form of copyright notice (17 U.S.C. 401).
The effect of photocopying the material should not be detrimental to the market for the work. In general, the library should own at least one copy of the work, 17 U.S.C. 107(4). (From the ALA Model Policy Concerning College and University Photocopying for Classroom, Research and Library Reserve Use, March '82.)
Multiple copies of a copyrighted article may be requested by a faculty member and put on reserve by the library if time does not allow for copyright permission to be granted.
These materials should be returned to the faculty member when they are removed from reserve.
Privacy
The Cerro Coso library supports the American Library Association’s Code of Ethics, which strives to "protect each library user's right to privacy and confidentiality with respect to information sought or received and resources consulted, borrowed, acquired or transmitted." The Cerro Coso library only uses personal information provided to the college by the patron in order to fulfil the patron’s library service needs. The library will never disclose information such as reference questions posed, reading materials consulted (including websites and databases), or the identity of its users to anyone, except as required by law. Please note that under the USA PATRIOT Act, the library may be required to provide records to authorized law enforcement agencies with a court order.
In an effort to safeguard patron privacy, the library does not retain records of materials checked out after they are returned. The library also does not retain most student contact information, sign-in sheets, and other personally-identifiable information beyond the end of the semester, except in cases of accounts with outstanding fines, overdue materials, or other issues. The library strives to utilize databases that encrypt and secure any personal information they collect. See the general Cerro Coso Community College Privacy Notice regarding what electronic information may be collected by the college and the library. Please note that external links provided on the library website are governed by their respective privacy policies, not the library’s, and may track and share personal information with other third parties.
Library
Find a Book or eBook (Catalog)Find an Article (Databases)Find Library GuidesCitation Help (MLA & APA)Contact the Library
Cerro Coso Community College
3000 College Heights Blvd.
Ridgecrest, CA 93555-9571
Campuses & Centers
Ridgecrest/IWV
KRV Lake Isabella
East Kern Center
East Kern: Tehachapi
ESCC Bishop
ESCC Mammoth Lakes
CC Online
Ridgecrest/IWV Campus
Cerro Coso Community College
3000 College Heights Blvd.
Ridgecrest, CA 93555-9571
Phone: 760-384-6100
Fax: 760-384-6270
Parking
Campus Info (including maps)
Google Maps
KRV Lake Isabella Campus
Cerro Coso Community College
5520 Lake Isabella Blvd.
Lake Isabella, CA 93240-9301
Phone: 760-379-5501
Fax: 760-379-5547
Campus Info (including maps)
Google Maps
East Kern Center
Cerro Coso Community College
140 Methusa Rd. Bldg 2453
Edwards AFB, CA 93524-1401
Phone: 661-258-8644
Fax: 661-258-0651
Campus Info (including maps)
Google Maps
East Kern: Tehchapi
Cerro Coso Community College
Tehachapi Education Center
126 S. Snyder Ave.
Tehachapi, CA 93561-1513
Phone: 661-823-4986
Fax: 661-823-4987
Campus Info (including maps)
Google Maps
Eastern Sierra College Center
Cerro Coso Community College
4090 W. Line Street
Bishop, CA 93514-7306
Phone: 760-872-1565
Fax: 760-872-5328
Campus Info (including maps)
Google Maps
Eastern Sierra College Center
Cerro Coso Community College
101 College Parkway
Mammoth Lakes, CA 93546-1865
Phone: 760-934-2875
Fax: 760-924-1627
Campus Info (including maps)
Google Maps
CC Online
Cerro Coso Community College
Phone: 888-537-6932
Online Info
Login to InsideCCto access your online class.
College
Accreditation
Institutional Effectiveness
Institutional Research
Curriculum Instruction Council
Faculty and Staff
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Rights & Reports
Clery Report
Consumer Information
Student Right to Know
Site Disclaimer
Report Ethics Violations
Report an Accessibility Issue
Title IX
PDF Readers
This web site uses files in Adobe Acrobat Portable Document Format (pdf). To view or print these files you must install the free Adobe Reader or another PDF reader program.
» Download Adobe Acrobat Reader
Contact
Contact Information
Directory
Human Resources
Campus Safety & Security
Site Map
Employee Coming to Campus
Contact the Webmaster