https://www.knowledgeanywhere.com/site/privacy-policy
Contact us today!
Call us at 1-800-850-2025
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Knowledge Anywhere is committed to treating your information with integrity and care. This Privacy Policy explains what data we collect, what we do with that data, the rights you may have as a data subject, and how to exercise those rights.
Information We Collect
Our website automatically collects your IP address and other information that is used to ensure a consistent user experience, improve our products, track volume of visitors to the site, and to offer you additional products and services.
We also collect information that users provide to us when they visit our site. This information is collected when visitors schedule a demo, sign up for our emailing list, fill out an e-book request form, or submit a contact form.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use information you provide or information we automatically collect through our website for a variety of reasons.
• To maintain, operate and optimize our website
• To send you information for sales and marketing, within the bounds of your communication preferences
• To collect and analyze statistics about site usage and visitor preferences
• To give us insight for product and services improvements
• To respond to inquiries and requests, and provide you with information and resources that you have requested
Third-party websites
We use third party web tools to help us optimize user experience, collect analytics on website usage, and process requests from website visitors. These tools include:
• Google Analytics
• Google Search Console
• HubSpot
• You Can Book Me
• Facebook Pixels
• Drift
Our website includes links to other websites. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies, with independent mechanisms for exercising data subject rights. While they operate independently, we welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small files that enables a website or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies and other, similar technologies to collect and remember certain Personally Identifiable Information to ensure that our marketing is interest-based, as well as for website data analytics and optimization.
For instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Chrome or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, be aware that you won’t have access to features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Do We Give or Sell Your Data to Others?
We do not sell, trade or give out to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information without your permission. The term “outside parties” does not include our business. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and secure. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Registered Users of Our Platform
If you are a registered user of our online training platform, we are providing services to you on behalf of your employer or other organization. Any information related to delivering those services, including your personal profile and your user activity on the platform, is available to the organization who arranged for your access to the platform. That organization operates under a separate data privacy policy regarding your personal data.
How to Opt-Out of Email Communications
To stop receiving email from us, select the “email preferences” button, or the “unsubscribe from all future emails” link located at the bottom of the email. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
How to Request, Update or Delete Information We Store About You
To request, update or delete any personal information we maintain about you, please contact privacy@knowledgeanywhere.com. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to data privacy to privacy@knowledgeanywhere.com.
Are you ready to get started with our LMS system?
REQUEST DEMO
×
Ready for a demo?
Just fill out the form below and we’ll be in touch.