http://www.evms.edu/about_evms/leadership/general_counsel/legal_and_compliance/legalcompliance_policies__information/
Skip to main content
Skip to site footer
HomeAbout EVMSLeadershipVice President & General CounselLegal and ComplianceLegal/Compliance Policies & Information
Explore Legal/Compliance Policies & Information
Title IXDisclosure of Interests Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)Requesting Records from EVMSTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyConsumers
Legal Information
Terms of Use - By accessing, viewing, commenting, or submitting any information from/to the Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies for the Site. Also note that EVMS may change the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy at any time. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies for changes and your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to all such changes to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies.
Copyright - Summary of the penalties for violating federal copyright law.
EVMS Open Payments Resource Page - Information about the Open Payments Act (Sunshine Act) for Physicians.
FOIA Requests - Detailed information for Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests.  Virginia FOIA regulations are located at § 2.2-3700 et. seq. and sample templates for FOIA requests can be found on the web at freedom of information sites. If you choose not to use a template, be sure that you identify the records you are seeking with "reasonable specificity.”
(specific enough so that EVMS can identify and locate the records that you are seeking)
Compliance Information
Code of Conduct - Sets forth expectations of how members of the EVMS Community should conduct themselves.
EVMS/EVMS Medical Group Compliance Reporting - About the EVMS Compliance Programs and how to report misconduct or other compliance issues.
Enhancement of Employee Whistleblower Protection
Postsecondary Education Complaint System (PECS) – for students who receive Tuition Assistance (TA) or Military Spouse Career Advancement Accounts (MyCAA) Scholarships.  Use this to provide feedback or report misleading of unfair education-related issues such as misrepresentation or deceptive actions with regards to private or institutional loans, high-pressure recruitment tactics, false representations about degree programs, and misleading statements regarding accreditation.
Student Complaints- Explains the options and procedures for student complaints/grievances, both academic and non-academic
Title IX- Learn about Title IX, who your title IX coordinators are and what to do if you believe you have been a victim of, have witnessed or have concerns about sex discrimination or sexual misconduct at EVMS.
Policies
Policy on Disclosure of Interests - The EVMS policy on who must disclose interests and related information on disclosures.
Compliance Reporting/Anti-Retaliation Policy - How compliance issues are to be disclosed and how individuals who make good faith disclosures are protected from retaliation.
Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention Policy - EVMS program designed to prevent the unlawful possession, use, or distribution of alcohol and illegal drugs by its employees and students.
Identity Theft Program - How to detect, identify and mitigate identity theft.
Policy Development - Requirements for the creation and approval of EVMS policies.
Policy on Accreditation and Program Integrity - Accreditation requirements for educational programs.
Policy on Business Negotiations, Contracts, and Signatory Authority- Authority, limitations, and responsibilities of all EVMS employees with regard to business dealings. Also sets forth contracting requirements and signatory authority on behalf of EVMS.
Records Retention Policy - This policy provides best practices for the creation, storage and disposition of important records retained by EVMS.
×
Contact Us
Office of the General CounselAndrews Hall721 Fairfax Avenue, Suite 509Norfolk, VA 23507
Email: OGC@evms.edu
Phone: 757.446.7250
Mailing Address
Office of the General CounselAndrews HallP.O. Box 1980Norfolk, VA 23501-1980
Stacy R. PurcellVice President and General CounselCompliance Officer
Josephine P. WileyExecutive Director of Legal Services and Compliance,Institutional Title IX Coordinator and EVMS HIPAA Privacy Officer
Megan S. SturgesParalegal
Heidi G. SmithExecutive Legal Assistant