http://www.blackburn.ac.uk/privacy-and-cookies/
Close
Aged 16-18
A-Levels
Find Your Course
How to Apply
Sixth Form Academic Study Programme
Enrichment Activities
Sports Enrichment
Tutorial and Study Skills
University Plus
A-Level Pathways
English and maths for all students
Employability and Enterprise
Scholarships and Financial Support
Enrichment Activities
Technical
Find Your Course
Accounting
Business
Catering and Hospitality
Childcare
Computing and IT
Construction
Creative Arts
Engineering
Hair and Beauty
Health and Social Care
Law
Media
Motor Vehicle
Music
Public Services
Science
Sport
Travel and Tourism
How to Apply
Employability and Enterprise
Enrichment Activities
English and maths for all students
Foundation Learning
Advance Employability Programme
Scholarships and Financial Support
T-Levels
Apprenticeships
Find Your Course
How to Apply
Life as an Apprentice
Apprentice Vacancies
Aged 19+
Adult Welcome
Find Your Course
Full Time Courses
Part Time Courses
Hobby courses
Access to Higher Education
Adult Apprenticeships
GCSEs, Skills for Life & ESOL
Professional Courses
E-Learning
Gas Services
International Students
Fees and Financial Support
Financial Support
How to Apply
Course Fees
Advanced Learner Loans
Apprenticeships
Browse Apprenticeships
Accounting, Business and Finance
Early Years and Education
Digital
Construction and Engineering
Hair and Beauty
Health and Social Care
Housing
Leadership and Management
Motor Vehicle
Textiles and Apparel
Apprenticeship Information
Find Your Course
Apprenticeship Vacancies
Life as an Apprentice
How To Apply
Frequently asked questions
Traineeships
Higher and Degree Level Apprenticeships
Information For Parents
University
University Welcome
Find Your Course
Why Blackburn University Centre?
Which Course Should I Choose?
Professional Qualifications
Fees and Financial Support
Finance Information for 2021 Entry
Full-Time Finance Information (2021 Entry)
Part-Time Finance Information (2021 Entry)
Blackburn University Centre £500 Study Bonus
Access to Success Fund
Postgraduate Loans
Loans and grants
Additional Course Costs
How to Apply
Staff Profiles and Research & Scholarly Activity
University Partners
General Entry Requirements
New Courses for September 2021
Support and Student Life
Students' Union
Student Engagement Team
Information For Students With Disabilities and Emotional Health and Wellbeing Service
Additional Information
Wider Information Set (WIS)
Employability and Enterprise
SET for Teaching Success Programme
Teaching, Learning and Assessment
Important documents for Higher Education students
Graduation 2020
Employers
Workforce Development
Professional Courses
E-Learning Courses
Job Vacancy Service
Room Hire & Conferencing
Make An Enquiry
What Can We Offer To Your Business?
Find Your Course
Traineeships What You Need To Know
Apprenticeships for employers
Apprenticeship Levy and Reform
How to Advertise and Recruit an Apprentice
Apprenticeships Available
Benefits of Having an Apprentice
Frequently asked questions
Employer funding
Student Services
Welcome
Contact us
Financial Support
Examinations
Travelling to College
Free Travel Pass for 16-18 Year Olds
Additional Learning Support
Multi-faith Facilities
VIP Tours
VIP Tours of the University Centre
VIP Tour of Blackburn College
Schools and Colleges
The College
Welcome
Principal's Welcome
Why Choose Blackburn College
World Class Campus
Beacon Centre
University Centre
St Paul's Centre
Regional Automotive Technology Hub (RATH)
Sports and Leisure Centre
Construction Centre
Futures Centre
Elizabeth Building
Victoria Building
Saturn Centre
Library
Accreditations and Awards
Partners
Safeguarding
Term Dates
Find our campus
Corporate Information
Mission, Objectives & Priorities
Equality & Diversity
College Management Structure
Corporation Board
Corporation Board Minutes
Publication Scheme
What We Spend & How We Spend It
Who We Are & What We Do
Our Priorities & How We Are Doing
How We Make Decisions
Our Policies & Procedures
Transparency Return 2019
Complaints and Compliments Procedure
The Services We Offer
Public
Regional Automotive Tech Hub
Oil Service
Vehicle Diagnostic Checks
Vehicle Health Check
Tyres, Brakes and Exhaust
Steering and Suspension Checks
Academy Hair & Beauty
Scholars Training Restaurant
Performance Lab
Room Hire & Conferencing
Staff and Students
Privacy and Cookies
You are here
Privacy and Cookies
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and your personal data
In May 2018 the rules governing how we manage data changed to become more rigorous. Data protection affects every single customer of the College, including staff and students, and the following articles explains what you can expect from the College.
What is data protection?
Blackburn College collects and processes a range of data from its students, from details of your previous qualifications and attendance marks, to the grades you achieve whilst studying with us. Data protection legislation sets out the requirements for how the College, as a data controller, processes personal data. Personal data is defined as any data that identifies or is likely to identify a living individual, including facts and opinions.The College is fully committed to the principles of data protection, as set out in the Data Protection Act 2018. We process and maintain personal data about you so that we can manage your student journey, submit official data to relevant government bodies, and manage your experience at Blackburn College. In accordance with the Data Protection Act, we have a legal duty to protect any information we collect from you. So for example, we will only use your information for the purpose as described. We do not pass on your details to third parties unless you have given us permission to do so, or there is a legal obligation or statutory requirement to do so. You also have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected.
What’s changing?
On 25 May 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the current Data Protection Act.The eight principles of the existing data protection act still apply but the new regulation means there will be greater transparency around areas such as consent, privacy notices, reporting of breaches and transfer of data outside the EU.We have been working over the last 8 months to ensure our already comprehensive policies meet the requirements of the new, and more rigorous legislation. This has included reviewing our processes and procedures around key areas such as security and retention of data, subject access requests and data breaches, and bringing our policies up to date.We are also undertaking an internal review of what data we collect, and who we share this with.
How will this affect existing and prospective students?
The College will continue to respect and protect the personal data we collect about you.
We will be adding to/amending our data protection disclaimers in light of the GDPR, so you might notice changes to our application and enrolment forms. It is important that you understand what we are doing with your data. We will enhance our privacy notices on the website and on any new systems you register for, to inform you, at the point that we collect your data, about why we are collecting it, how we will use it and how we keep it safe.The majority of personal data we collect about you is necessary and for the legitimate purposes of the organisation e.g. individual data to be submitted to official government bodies.
Requesting the data we hold about you
If you would like to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you, please refer to our data protection policy.
Criminal Convictions
As an applicant to Blackburn College you will be asked to declare any unspent criminal convictions and/or inform the College of any convictions that are obtained whilst a student.
Blackburn College serves the community inclusive of children and thus all individuals will be asked about any unspent criminal history in order for a safeguarding assessment to be exercised.
In rare instances individuals may be denied access to the institution due to the nature of unspent convictions or appropriate control measures will be suggested.
Further information
If you’d like to find out more about the GDPR changes, please see the Information Commissioner’s Office website. If you have any specific questions about the data protection policy and how GDPR affects you, please contact us via the following email address dataprotection@blackburn.ac.uk You can also read our data protection policy
Right to be forgotten
If you no longer wish Blackburn College to store or use your personal data, please refer to our data protection policy.
More information
Read our student privacy statement
Read our staff privacy statement
Read our data protection policy
Read about the cookies we use
Apply now
Ask a question
Get a prospectus
Visit us
News & Student Stories
Aisha Ali - Business with Law Level 3 Extended Dip...
"I have enjoyed absolutely everything about the Bu...
Extraordinary Journey for Former Blackburn College...
Former Blackburn College Level 3 Business with Law...
Blackburn College Barbers Welcome Clients for Safe...
Level 3 and Level 2 Blackburn College Barbering st...
Myles Campbell - Level 3 Extended Diploma in Sport...
"My favourite area of the course is the Leadership...
Hannah Fish - Beauty Therapy Level 3
"My tutor Sally has been amazing with her support ...
Ellie Clayton - Level 2 Beauty Therapy
"I am a hardworking and enthusiastic person who is...
Blackburn College Launches New Advance Employabili...
Blackburn College has launched its new Advance Emp...
Amy and Lawrence Named Winners of Blackburn Colleg...
Amy Forrest and Lawrence Silcock have been named a...