http://www.thegraceacademy.org/privacy.php
Homeschool Program - Grace Homeschooling Web Site Privacy
Policy
live chat service provider
Send
The Grace Academy - The Most Trusted Source for
K-12 Online Homeschooling
About Us
Homeschool Beliefs
Homeschool Philiosophy
Grace Mission
Testimonials
Grace Statement of Faith
Homeschool News Café
Information For School Officials
Tuition
Courses
150 Multimedia Rich Courses
Homeschooling Overview
Elementary Homeschool Courses
Middle School Homeschool Courses
High School Homeschool Courses
Summer School Program
Placement Testing
Features
What You Get
Homeschooling Portfolio
How It Works
Homeschool Parents' Role
Homeschooling Social Center
Daily Lesson Plans
Homeschooling Teaching Teams
Computer Requirements
Course Demonstration
Enroll
Resources
Affiliates
FAQ
Log Ins
Homeschooling Parent Log In
Homeschooling Student Log In
Testimonials
Homeschooling Web Site Privacy Policy
This Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy explains our policy
regarding the privacy of information supplied by users or
collected by our homeschool staff from users of this homeschool
web site. Because we want to build users' trust and confidence
in our homeschool web site and demonstrate our commitment to
privacy, we want to disclose our privacy practices.
Your privacy is very important to us. As
part of the normal operation of this homeschool web site, we may
collect and store information about you for purposes including
legal identification, progress evaluations and legal
guardianship. This Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy describes
the	information we collect about you and how that information is
used.
Use of the Homeschool Web Site
As a visitor to this homeschool web site, our web servers
collect information that is automatically sent by your web
browser. This information typically includes your domain name
(the site after the @ in your e-mail address). It may also
contain your user name (the name before the @ in your e-mail
address). The amount of information sent depends on the settings
you have on your web browser. Please refer to your web browser
if you want to learn what information it sends. We may also
identify you in connection with your use of certain aspects of
our homeschool web site. For example, we identify you with any
e-mail message you send through our homeschool web site. We may
also seek to identify an individual user in connection with
investigating security breaches or cooperating with authorities
pursuant to a legal matter.
Providing Homeschool Services
We use the information we automatically receive from your web
browser to see which homeschool pages you visit within our site,
which site you visited before coming to ours, and where you go
after leaving our site. We may also internally use any personal
information you decide to provide our homeschool staff to
improve our services and promotional efforts, to improve our
content and to customize our homeschool web site's content and
layout. We may, from time to time, send information to you about
products and services available from The Grace Academy
Homeschool Web Site or a 3rd party in the context of our
newsletter or other forms of communication. We never provide any
personal information to 3rd parties unless required to do so by
law.
Cookies
This homeschool web site may use cookies to make it more
convenient for you by allowing you to visit homeschool pages
within the site without having re-enter certain information. We
do not use cookies to get information from your hard drive or to
get your e-mail address or personal identifying information.
Most browsers can be configured to inform you when cookies are
being set or to prevent cookies from being set. Please note,
however, that by not accepting cookies, you may limit the
functionality we can provide when you visit our homeschool web
site. At times this site may display
advertising provided by Google.com. This advertising is usually identified by the
"Ads by Google" message. When Ads by Google is displayed please note that Google,
as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of its dart cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on
your visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out
of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy..
Other Parties
This Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy only addresses our
use and disclosure of information. To the extent that you
disclose information to other parties, such as linked sites or
authors of any third party information on our site, we do not
control their privacy policies or use of such information. We
recommend that you ask others about their privacy policies
before you disclose personal information to them.
Children
We have no intention of collecting any personally
identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age
who are not registered students. If you are under age 13, please
ask your parent for permission before sending any information to
our site or anyone else online. Have your parent contact our
homeschool staff as indicated below in order to provide our
homeschool staff with prior written consent. If a child has
provided our homeschool staff with personally identifiable
information, a parent or guardian of that child may request that
the information be deleted from our records by contacting our
homeschool staff at
MemberServices@TheGraceAcademy.org.
Legally Required Disclosures
We may be required, by applicable law, subpoena, court order
or other legal process to disclose your personally identifiable
information, and it is our policy to comply with any such
requirements.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliates
might sell or buy businesses. In such transactions, personally
identifiable information generally is one of the transferred
business assets. Also, in the event that The Grace Academy
Homeschool Web Site or substantially all of its assets are
acquired, your personally identifiable information will of
course be one of the transferred assets.
Updates to This Policy
We may update and amend this Homeschool Web Site Privacy
Policy at any time by posting the amended Homeschool Web Site
Privacy Policy to this homeschool web site. We encourage you to
review this Homeschool Web Site Privacy Policy from time to
time.
Contacting Our Homeschool Staff
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the
practices of this homeschool web site, or your dealings with
this web site, please contact us.
Copyright © 1999-2020 The Grace Homeschooling Academy
and other copyright holders. All Rights Reserved. Private access
to premiere online Christian Homeschooling program at The Grace
Academy Christian online Homeschooling program is subject to the
terms and conditions in our Privacy Policy, Copyright Policy,
Terms of Use Policy and rules and conditions detailed in our
Christian online Homeschooling website at
www.TheGraceAcademy.org for the best Christian Homeschooling
program. Terms and conditions may change without notice and
should be checked regularly for updates.
Contact
Privacy
Copyright
Terms of Use
Mimi Rothschild, Founder
Download Brochure
Network Status
Facebook Fan Page
Merchant Services