http://www.wkuherald.com/site/privacy.html
Sign Up
Log In
Dashboard
Logout
My Account
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
News
Academics
Alumni
Entertainment
Facilities
National
Local News
Police
SGA
WKU Administration
World
Sports
Baseball
Football
Men's Basketball
Softball
Swimming and Diving
Track and Field
Volleyball
Women's Basketball
Women's Soccer
Life
Multimedia
Photo Galleries
Video Galleries
Opinion
Editorial Cartoons
Letters to Editor
Contact
Find an Apartment!
Calendar
Newsletter
About
Work with us
Meet the Staff!
Alumni
Special Projects
Errors
Advertise With Us!
Big Red Deals!
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search
NEWS
Campus Life
Administration
Academics
Facilities
SGA
Bowling Green
Police
Public Records
Budget Cuts 2018
SPORTS
Football
Men's Basketball
Women's Basketball
Volleyball
Baseball
Softball
Soccer
LIFE
OPINION
Editorials
Letters to Editor
ADVERTISE
COVID-19
The College Heights Herald is the main source of news for Western Kentucky University. The Herald's print edition is published on Tuesdays during the school year and distributed across campus and in the Bowling Green community.Student journalists are responsible for all content decisions under the direction of the student editor-in-chief who can be reached at herald.editor@wku.edu or at 270-745-5044. This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?We do not collect information from visitors of our site.or other details to help you with your experience. When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site. How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. How do we protect your information?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.We do not use an SSL certificate      • We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers. Do we use 'cookies'?We do not use cookies for tracking purposesYou can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off . Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Third-party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. Google Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. We have implemented the following:We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageCan change your personal information:      • By logging in to your accountHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email      • Within 1 business dayWe will notify the users via in-site notification      • Within 1 business dayWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors. CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions      • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at herald.editor@wku.edu      • Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence. About Third Party Advertising We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including any Personally-Identifying Information) about your visits to the Website and other websites that are contained in Web Cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Using a tool created by the Network Advertising Initiative, you can opt out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' Web Cookies simultaneously.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please complete the following links: http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/, or http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. Please contact us if you would like to know the identity of the third-party advertising companies we are currently using to serve ads. We may allow advertisers to choose the characteristics of users who will see their advertisements, and we may use any of the Non-Personally Identifying Information we have collected (including information you may have decided not to show to other users, such as your birth year or other sensitive personal information or preferences) to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements. We do not identify you to the advertiser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-onTo provide website visitors the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics, we have developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js).If you want to opt-out, download and install the add-on for your web browser. The Google Analytics opt-out add-on is designed to be compatible with Chrome, Internet Explorer 11, Safari, Firefox and Opera. In order to function, the opt-out add-on must be able to load and execute properly on your browser. For Internet Explorer, 3rd-party cookies must be enabled. Learn more about about the opt-out and how to properly install the browser add-on here. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.http://wkuherald.com/1906 College Heights Blvd. #11084Bowling Green, Kentucky 42101United Statesherald.editor@wku.eduLast Edited on 2018-05-21
© Copyright 2020 College Heights Herald, 1906 College Heights Blvd. #11084 Bowling Green, KY | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.