https://www.nlsinfo.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
National Longitudinal Surveys
A Program of the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
Top-Right LinksHome
FAQs
Site Map
Bibliography
Contact Us
Search
Advanced Search
You are hereHome ›
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the NLS Info Site and for reviewing our privacy and security statement. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Center for Human Resource Research (CHRR) at The Ohio State University and the National Opinion Research Center (NORC) at the University of Chicago administer the National Longitudinal Surveys Program.  All three organizations are strongly committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information and the security of our computer systems. We make every effort to ensure compliance with applicable Federal law, including the Privacy Act of 1974, the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, and the Freedom of Information Act.
As a general rule, we do not collect personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
When you visit the NLS Info Site, we collect and store the following information:
The name of the domain from which you accessed the Internet (for example, bls.gov, if you are connecting from a Bureau of Labor Statistics computer account).
The date and time you accessed our site.
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
We use this information to compile summary statistics to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, identify what information is of most and least interest, determine technical design specifications, monitor system performance, and help us make our site more useful to visitors. We do not use the information to identify individual users or their searches.
Cookies
If cookies are enabled in your web browser, the NLS Info Site may use them to manage your session. (A cookie is a small piece of information that web servers or pages store on your hard drive.) The NLS Info Site does not use cookies to monitor your usage or gather personal information. If you have disabled cookies in your web browser, you can still use the NLS Info Site.
Protecting Your Personal Information
Personal information that you submit in a comment or question through this web site or by email, phone, or fax is not distributed to parties outside of CHRR. CHRR does not provide names, addresses, email addresses, or other information about users of this web site to advertisers, government agencies (including the Bureau of Labor Statistics), or anyone else outside of CHRR.
System Security
For security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, our web site also employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Main menuGetting Started
Cohorts
Access Data / Investigator
Suggest Questions for Future NLSY Surveys
Helpful Links
Subscribe for Updates
Tutorials
Investigator User Guide
Investigator Video Tutorials
Glossary
National Longitudinal Surveys | Bureau of Labor Statistics
Postal Square Building | 2 Massachusetts Ave., NE
Washington, DC 20212 | www.bls.gov/nls
TEL 1 (202) 691-7410 TDD 1 (800) 877-8339
NLS User Services
usersvc@chrr.osu.edu | 1 (614) 442-7366
System Use Notification | Privacy Policy | Site Map
Problems with the Site?
Admin