http://www.lomita-rr.org/privacy-policy.cfm
Lomita Railroad Museum
2137 West 250th Street, Lomita, California 90717
Toggle navigation
Exhibits
Southern Pacific Locomotive
Southern Pacific Tender
Union Pacific Caboose
Santa Fe Caboose
Union Oil Tank Car
Union Pacific Boxcar
Velocipede
Water Tower
Events
Visitors
About the Museum
Location, Hours & Admission
School & Group Tours
Facility Rental
Gift Shop
Special Articles
E-newsletter Signup
Train & Railroad Links
Privacy Policy
Support
Become a Member
Become a Volunteer
Make a Donation
A Message from the Foundation
Donors
Foundation
Contact
COVID-19 Update:
The Museum will remain closed until further notice. Our first priority is the health and safety of our visitors, staff, volunteers, and neighbors.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as email, or participate in another site feature. When registering, we may ask you for your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our email newsletter, we may send you periodic emails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional email from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive email newsletters, you will not receive these emails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our email list and receive email communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We may also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our service to visitors.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to website features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include The Lomita Railroad Museum Foundation. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To cancel your email subscriptions, please unsubscribe from our list. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on January 16, 2015.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online policy only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
© 2020 The Lomita Railroad Museum Foundation, Inc., a 501(c)(3) organization, #33-0467275