http://www.investordictionary.com/privacy
HOME
DICTIONARY
BROWSE BY SUBJECT
ARTICLES
QUESTIONS
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
InvestorDictionary.com is committed to protecting your privacy. We respect your
privacy, and strive to keep your personal information confidential. Please take
this opportunity to read our policy to learn how InvestorDictionary.com handles
your personal information. By accessing the InvestorDictionary.com website,
you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in
this privacy statement.
Personal Information Collected
InvestorDictionary.com, may obtain some types of anonymous information about your
visit, such as the Internet Service Provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address
you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, the type of computer operating
system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example), the pages that you access while
at InvestorDictionary.com and the Internet address of the Web site from which you
used to link to our site. Such non-personally identifiable information is used to
analyze trends, improve InvestorDictionary.com, and administer the site.
Use of Cookies
InvestorDictionary.com uses "cookies" to enhance your online experience. A cookie
is a piece of data stored as a text file and placed on your hard drive by a web
server. Cookies are not able to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and are only able to be read by
a web server in the domain that issued the cookie. If you decide to decline cookies
you may not be able to experience the full features available on InvestorDictionary.com.
Advertisers, advertising vendors or third parties that serve ads on InvestorDictionary.com
may use cookies. We have no access or control over these cookies and cannot be responsible
for the privacy policies or practices of these advertisers, vendors or third parties.
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by InvestorDictionary.com only.
Links
InvestorDictionary.com web site contains hyperlinks to other sites. Please be aware
that InvestorDictionary.com is not responsible for the content or privacy practices
of these web sites. We encourage our users upon leaving our site to read the privacy
statements and terms of use of the web sites they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to
information collected by InvestorDictionary.com.
Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email
address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If
you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about
not having this information used by these companies, visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Use of Information
InvestorDictionary.com may use the information collected on our site to:
• enhance the functionality, design and content of our site;
• customize content and advertising;
• contact you with special offers, products or services;
Disclosure of Information
We may provide third parties with collective profiles of our user groups and their
activities and preferences. Such collective profiles may also be disclosed in describing
our site and services to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties,
and for other lawful purposes.
We may disclose information as necessary to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements;
to affect a sale, assignment, or other transfer of our assets or one or more of
our service agreements; or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is
legally required or necessary to protect others’ rights or to prevent harm.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. If we ever
change the Privacy Policy, we will post that information on this Privacy Policy
page.
Ask a Question
Home
|
About
|
Contact
|
Sitemap
|
Privacy
|
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2020 InvestorDictionary.com
All rights reserved.