http://www.ega.edu/privacy
Close X
Search
East Georgia State College Website Privacy Statement
Home
East Georgia State College Website Privacy Statement
This statement discloses the practices with respect to the gathering and dissemination of information we (EGSC) obtains from users of EGSC websites.
This statement applies to those sites for which EGSC is the operator, although software, hosting and other functions may be provided by third parties (“Service Providers”).
East Georgia State College (EGSC) is committed to the responsible use of personal information and sensitive information collected from and about its students, faculty, staff, and others who provide such information to the college. This commitment is in accordance with both state and federal regulations concerning the use of sensitive information. Such sensitive information includes information that could be used to cause financial harm or reputational harm to any individual. This statement applies to personally identifiable sensitive information and how it is collected.
EGSC may collect certain information that is automatically generated when a user visits a site. We may also collect information about the use of the sites, including, but not limited to, which pages are most frequently visited, how many visitors we receive daily, and how long visitors stay on each page. A visitor may be prompted or required to provide certain personal information in order to access various features and information on the sites. Such information may include, among other things, name, address, email address, and phone number. If a visitor does not want to provide such information, he or she may choose not to access those features of the sites. Any personal information provided through the sites will be protected in accordance with the provisions of this statement.
Links within the college website may direct you to other websites that we do not control. EGSC is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies, actions, web content, services or products of non-EGSC sites to which we link.
Cookies are files that many websites transfer to users’ web browsers to enable the site to deliver personalized services or to provide persistent authentication. The information contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user. Our website uses persistent cookies in conjunction with a third-party technology partner to analyze search engine usage and web traffic patterns.