http://www.yalealumnimagazine.com/privacy-policy
loading
Search
Founded in 1891
Advertise |
Obituaries |
Alumni Links |
Reader Services
Magazine
Alumni Notes
Daily Snap
Scenes on campus
Donate
Classifieds
Admissions
Alumni
Arts & Culture
Campus
Faculty & Staff
International
Money & Business
New Haven
People & Profiles
Politics & Law
Science & Health
Sports
Student Life
Yale History
Alumni Notes
Add a Note
Secretaries' Columns
Grad School Columns
Obituaries
Settings
Magazine
Issue Archives
School Notes
Obituaries
Upcoming Events
Submit an Event
Yale Alumni Magazine Privacy Policy
The Yale Alumni Magazine respects your privacy. We collect and store e-mail addresses; however, we do not share or sell e-mail addresses or any other personally identifiable information about the visitors to our site.
In some cases, we may disclose information about you to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we believe, in good faith, that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal processes, to protect and defend our rights or prevent misuse of our sites, or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.
In addition to e-mail addresses, the information we may request on our site includes: names, age, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, and descriptive information (such as one’s Yale affiliation and graduation year). We use this information to respond to specific requests, to personalize our communications, to communicate with subsets of our target audience, or to enable visitors to use Alumni Notes or to identify themselves when making use of features such as letters to the editor, website comments, or Alumni Notes. If you do not wish to use our forms, please visit our contact page for alternate ways to communicate with the Yale Alumni Magazine.
Some members of the Yale Alumni Magazine staff are authorized to cross-check information collected by this website against information stored in the Yale University databases (maintained elsewhere). Yale Alumni Magazine does not maintain this external data; when we are authorized to access Yale University data, we handle it very carefully, use it only for specific business purposes, and discard it securely.
Like most websites, we collect non-personal information, such as IP addresses of visitors and data about the usage of pages. (Our website uses Google Analytics tracking software.) This information is used to help us evaluate and improve the site. We may also disclose aggregated information—containing no individual identity or contact information—to third parties for our own marketing purposes, such as to tell potential advertisers about popular pages on our website. We do not share or sell individual contact information or personal information with others.
We use cookies to maintain a user’s identity between visits. Our website uses third party ad serving software to display its advertising. This software uses cookies to identify unique visitors—frequently tracking visitors across multiple websites.
This website or our Facebook page may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites.
Welcome to the Yale Alumni
Magazine website!
Log in
or sign up
to view and post Alumni Notes online.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact
Yale Alumni Magazine
P.O. Box 1905
New Haven, CT 06509-1905
fax: (203) 432-0651
yam@yale.edu
Copyright 2015 Yale University.
All rights reserved. As of July 1,
2015, the Yale Alumni Magazine operates as a department of Yale
University. Earlier print and digital content of the Yale Alumni Magazine
was published and copyrighted by Yale Alumni Publications, Inc., and is
used under license.