http://www.suffolkcc.gov.uk/roads-and-transport/community-self-help-scheme/
We use cookies to improve your experience. Find out more about cookies
Skip to main content
MENU
Suffolk County Council
Search:
Search
Children, families and learning
Schools
Raising the Bar 2018-2020
Childcare information and support for parents and providers
Special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) and the Local Offer
Suffolk Children and Young People’s Emotional Wellbeing Hub
Fostering and adoption
Children's Health and Children's Centres
Keeping children safe
Children in care and care leavers
Common Assessment Framework (CAF)
Support for young carers in Suffolk
Suffolk County Music Service
Youth support and careers advice, work experience and activities
Psychology and Therapeutic Services
Children's portals
Wellbeing for Education Return
Jobs and careers
Working for Suffolk County Council
Temporary vacancies
Apprenticeships
Adult learning and careers advice
Teach Suffolk
Social Work Suffolk
Work Well Suffolk
Developing Skills in Health and Social Care (DSHSC)
Business and licences
Council services for business
Funding for charities, community organisations and social enterprises
Economic development and inward investment
Projects and programmes
Tenders and supplying us
Recruit, inspire and develop your workforce
Business continuity management
IT services for schools and academies
Advice for businesses regarding coronavirus (COVID-19)
Council and democracy
The council and its committees
Councillors and elected representatives
Budget, Council tax and finance
Our aims and transformation programmes
Council directorates and senior officers
Open Data Suffolk
Consultations, petitions and elections
Lieutenancy and honours
Borough, district, parish and town councils
Suffolk Public Sector Leaders group
Council news
Care and support for adults
Where to start: adult care and support
Self-assess your needs
Help to stay at home
Keep well and active
How adult social care can help
Paying for care
Caring for someone
Protecting people at risk of abuse
Working with Adult and Community Services
Roads and transport
Highway maintenance
Suffolk Highways Licences
Roads, pavements and verges
Parking and Blue Badge
Roadworks
Flooding and drainage
Street lighting, traffic signals and pedestrian crossings
Traffic management and road safety
Lorry management
Public transport
Transport strategy and planning
Public rights of way and access in Suffolk
Planning, waste and environment
Waste and recycling
Planning applications
Minerals and waste policy
Planning and development advice
Proposed development of Chilton Woods
Fly-tipping
Suffolk's countryside and wildlife
Major infrastructure projects
Initiatives
Buildings in Suffolk
Fire, rescue and emergencies
About Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service
Fire stations in Suffolk
Fire service incidents map
Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service: Coronavirus pandemic
Suffolk Fire and Rescue FAQs
Fire safety for businesses, landlords, charities and schools
Fire safety in the home
Fire and rescue safety advice in the community
Working for Suffolk Fire and Rescue
Road safety initiatives
Give feedback or make a complaint about Suffolk Fire and Rescue
Trading Standards, community and safety
Suffolk Trading Standards
Crime and public safety
Emergency planning
Staying safe online
Gypsies and Travellers
Refugee schemes
Volunteering and funding
Warm Homes Healthy People
Localities and communities
Connected Communities: Building resilience in communities near you
Moving to Suffolk
Road safety initiatives
Suffolk SAFEKey
Births, deaths and ceremonies
How to register a birth
How to register a death
Ceremonies
Contact a register office
Suffolk Registration Service fees
Apply for a copy of a birth, marriage, civil partnership or death certificate
Citizenship ceremonies
The Coroner service
Apply for a venue licence for marriages and civil partnerships
Culture, heritage and leisure
Suffolk Archives
Suffolk Archaeological Service
Most Active County: find activities and events
Suffolk Arts Service
Exploring the Suffolk countryside
Museums and galleries in Suffolk
Apply for permission to film in Suffolk
Culture, Libraries, Sport and Communities Outcomes and Impacts
Libraries
About
Contact us
Suffolk County Council offices
Online services
Give feedback or make a complaint
Make a freedom of information (FOI) request
You said, we did
Our website and social media
Severe weather information
Secure emails
Accessibility
Terms and conditions
Cookies
Terms and conditions for domain names
Privacy and data protection
Privacy notice
Contact us
Home
Roads and transportHighway maintenanceCommunity Self-Help Scheme
Community Self-Help Scheme
Empowering town and parish councils to deliver minor maintenance works within their communities.
Signs cleaned and vegetation cleared by Sudbury Town Council's Community Wardens.
Launched by Suffolk Highways in May 2019, the newly developed scheme aims to empower and support town and parish councils that wish to carry out minor highway maintenance within their communities.
Why are we offering Community Self-Help?
Community Self-Help has been developed in partnership with town and parish councils across the county in response to their demands to be allowed to do more to improve the look and feel of their communities by undertaking minor maintenance activities that Suffolk Highways are no longer able to deliver.
The limitations on local authority budgets means that Suffolk County Council must prioritise its funding and focus on maintaining a safe network for all users. As a results, we are not able to carry out the extra work which town and parish councils would like in order to maintain and improve the aesthetic value of their areas.
Our aim is to be clear about the services which Suffolk Highways can and cannot provide and to enable communities to make informed decisions regarding whether they would like to get involved in Community Self-Help.
What sort of maintenance can be carried out?
The range of works that town and parish councils will be able to undertake via Suffolk’s Community Self-Help Scheme include:
Grass cutting
Tree pruning
Weed clearance
Siding out of footpaths
Cleaning around gullies
Sign cleaning
Painting street furniture
The four Community Self-Help options
Our four Community Self-Help options are listed below.
All applications require the approval of Suffolk County Council before any work can take place.
Buying in services from a private contractor
This option enables town and parish councils to buy in services from a private contractor. Town and parish councils will be responsible for employing the contractor and ensuring that work is undertaken in accordance with the legal requirements of working on the highway.
Please download our Parish/Town Council Highway Contractor Consent Form (Word, 102KB).
Using your own trained employees
This option enables town and parish councils to utilise existing or new employees to undertake work on the highway. Town and parish councils will be responsible for employing and managing any individuals and ensuring that work is undertaken in accordance with the legal requirements of working on the highway. Employees will need the relevant training and qualifications for the work they plan to undertake.
Please download our Highway Rangers form (Word, 113KB).
Using community volunteers
This option enables town and parish councils to utilise community volunteers to undertake work on the highway. Town and parish councils will be responsible for ensuring there is somebody suitable trained and qualified to supervise volunteers and ensure that work is undertaken in accordance with the legal requirements of working on the highway. Suffolk County Council will provide the relevant training for ‘lead’ volunteers.
Please download our For Community Volunteers Working in the Highway form (Word, 111KB).
Buying in additional services from Suffolk Highways
This option enables town and parish councils to buy in additional services from Suffolk Highways directly.
Please download our For Engaging Suffolk Highways form (Word, 92KB).
How do town or parish councils get involved?
Now that you understand the Community Self-Help options available to you, all you need to do is follow these next steps:
As a town or parish council, consider the types of work you’d like to carry out and whether you wish to utilize either a private contractor, your own trained employees, community volunteers or Suffolk Highways operatives.
Submit the relevant application form to communityselfhelp@suffolkhighways.org along with any helpful supplementary documentation such as location plans, certification of contractor/employee competence (e.g. NRSWA qualifications) etc.
We will aim to acknowledge any email requests/submissions within 2 working days of receipt. This may be with a proposed ‘way forward’, or to request further information. Once you’ve expressed an interest in getting involved with Community Self-Help, we will happily work with you to ensure your application is signed off and plan your chosen maintenance activities appropriately. This will include making decisions regarding volunteer training, the provision of PPE and equipment.
NRSWA signing, lighting and guarding training
When carrying out work on the highway (i.e. roads, footways, verges) and traffic management is required, at least one volunteer/operative onsite must be trained in signing, lighting and guarding and hold a current Street Works Qualifications Register (SWQR) card. This card certifies that the holder can competently install traffic management (e.g. signs, cones and barriers) in line with both Safety at Street Works and Road Works: A Code of Practice (PDF, 5.4MB), otherwise known as The Red Book, and the New Roads and Street Works Act 1991 (NRSWA).
Should you wish to put volunteers forward for signing, lighting and guarding training (Suffolk County Council currently offer a day course, free of charge) please send a request to communityselfhelp@suffolkhighways.org and we will update you as soon as a session becomes available.
There is no limit to the number of spaces you can request, however please remember that volunteers qualified in signing, lighting and guarding must be present onsite at all times when traffic management systems are in place, as they are responsible for installing, maintaining and removing equipment such as signage, cones and barriers safely.
HSE risk assessment guidance
As part of managing the health and safety of both your own workers and members of the public, you must control the risks involved with your chosen minor highway maintenance activities. To do this, you need to think about what might cause harm to people and decide whether you are taking reasonable preventive action. This is known as risk assessment and it is something you are required by law to carry out.
A risk assessment is not about creating huge amounts of paperwork, but rather identifying sensible control measures.
When thinking about your risk assessment, remember:
A hazard is anything that may cause harm, such as chemicals, electricity, working at height etc.
The risk is the chance of harm, together with an indication of how serious the harm could be.
The Health and Safety Executive (HSE) website has:
risk management information
risk management resources, including a downloadable risk assessment template
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
As part of Community Self-Help, we currently offer the following items of PPE, free of charge, to all community volunteers:
Standard peak helmets
Clear lens safety spectacles
Orange latex palm coated gloves
Orange high visibility breathable waterproof jackets
Orange high visibility long sleeve waistcoats
Yellow high visibility combat trousers
Should you require any of the above items, please send a request to communityselfhelp@suffolkhighways.org.
Issuing a vegetation notice
Town and parish councils may be able to issue notices directly to property owners/occupiers whose vegetation is overgrown and encroaching on the highway. If you would like to discuss your options with a member of our team, please contact highways.enforcement@suffolk.gov.uk.
Suffolk's Roadside Nature Reserves
Suffolk’s Roadside Nature Reserves (RNRs) serve to protect species-rich plants and plants of national or county importance. They are marked onsite with white posts, to ensure they’re only cut at certain times of year.
For more information on Suffolk’s RNRs, please visit our landscape and wildlife page.
You can also view Suffolk’s RNR interactive map, which includes site specific fact sheets.
Many RNRs benefit from volunteers who help to look after them. If the thought of becoming a volunteer interests you, please contact RNRs@suffolk.gov.uk for further information.
Suffolk County Council
Children, families and learning
Business
Jobs and careers
Council and democracy
Care and support for adults
Roads and transport
Planning, waste and environment
Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service
Trading Standards, community and safety
Births, deaths and ceremonies
Culture, heritage and leisure
About
Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Roads and transport
Highway maintenance
Suffolk Highways Licences
Roads, pavements and verges
Parking and Blue Badge
Roadworks
Flooding and drainage
Street lighting, traffic signals and pedestrian crossings
Traffic management and road safety
Lorry management
Public transport
Transport strategy and planning
Public rights of way and access in Suffolk
Highway maintenance
How highways are maintained
Highway Infrastructure Asset Management
Repair criteria for highway defects
Categories of roads, footways and cycleways
Trunk roads maintained by Highways England
Report a highways issue
Reporting highway maintenance emergencies
Making a highways insurance claim
Check which roads are gritted in Suffolk
How we're working for you
Community Self-Help Scheme
Report a problem with a cycle lane
Road adoption
Print this page
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Flickr
Contact
Privacy and Data Protection
Cookies
Accessibility
Modern Slavery
Site and content © Suffolk County Council 2020