http://www.kaplanco.com/about/privacy.asp
Home Privacy & Security Statement
Privacy & Security
This is the web site of Kaplan Early Learning Company.
We value your privacy! We will not sell, rent, or loan your personal information to any third party. Any information you provide to Kaplan Early Learning Company, Inc. will be held with the utmost care. When you access a secure page on our site, the information you send is encrypted immediately for your protection. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below. If you have any questions about our privacy and security practices, please email us.
Our postal address
Kaplan Early Learning CompanyPO Box 6091310 Lewisville Clemmons RdLewisville, NC 27023-0609
We can be reached via e-mail at: info@kaplanco.com. You may also reach us toll-free at 1-800-334-2014.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties
Kaplan Early Learning Company does not sell, rent or loan any personal information collected at our site, including contact forms, catalog requests or email lists.
Information collected on the Web site
When you visit this Web site, our Web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses. We analyze web logs to improve the value of the materials available on our Web site, our site design, product assortments, customer service and special promotions.
We use cookies to store your preferences and to remember you when you return to our Web site. We also use cookies to record session information, such as the item you have in your shopping cart, the pages you click on during your visit to our site, and the Web site you visited immediately before clicking to our site. Additional cookies that don't personally identify you may also be used to show you relevant information when you visit other websites. Read our full Cookie Policy here.
We receive and store any personally identifiable information you enter on the Web site, you share when you shop with Kaplan (online, through our catalogs, or in our education megastore), or you give us in any other way.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:
To complete your purchase transactions
To provide the services you request
To send you our catalogs or other offerings by mail
To keep you informed about the status of your orders
To identify your product and service preferences so we can notify you of new or additional products, services and promotions that might be of interest to you
To notify you of product recalls or provide information concerning products you have purchased
To improve our merchandise selections, customer service and overall shopping experience.
To retarget customers with relevant information on other websites. For more information, see Targeted Advertising below.
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please call us toll-free at 1-800-334-2014.
We strive to send emails only to those who want to receive them. If you do not want to receive future emails from Kaplan Early Learning Company, you can click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us and hit send.
As some of our promotions may already be in process before you submit your request, you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for a specified marketing purpose. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
Targeted Advertising
As we mentioned above, non-personally identifiable browser cookies allow us to retarget customers with relevant information on our website, as well as other websites. For example, if you visited the furniture section of our website, you may see an advertisement for our furniture on another website – such as a blog, news website, search engine or any other website with advertisements. Non-commerce driven websites use these types of advertisements to keep their content free to the end user.
If you no longer want to receive information about Kaplan Early Learning Company through advertisements on other websites, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Security
When transferring and receiving data exchanged with our site, we use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) – the highest standard in online encryption technology – to ensure that your personal and credit card information remains secure. SSL encryption allows you to shop with confidence, knowing that only you and Kaplan Early Learning Company have the ability to access your information. We have appropriate security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you.
You may purchase online merchandise by calling us toll-free at 1-800-334-2014 (Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. ET). One of our customer service associates will gladly take your order.
Acceptance
By using this Web site, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy and Security Statement. We may amend this policy at any time. If we make any material changes in the way we collect or use your information, we will notify you of these changes by posting the policy changes to our Web site and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.