http://www.greeknstuff.com/privacy.html
GREEK
LATIN
BIBLE STUDIES
CONTACT US
SAMPLE PAGES
HOME
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
August 23, 2007
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you - businesses, consumers and the general public - in understanding
how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us,and to help you make informed decisions
when using our web siteand all of our related services therein.
Contact Information
Postal Mail
To request a correction or deletion of your private information,or if you have any questions and general comments about this privacy policy,please contact us:
Greek 'n' Stuff
P.O. Box 882
Moline, IL 61266-0882
Online Form
Alternately, you can use our Questions and Concerns form.
What Information Do We Collect?
When visiting our web site, you may provide us with two types of information:
Personal information you voluntarily choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis
Web site use information gathered on a collective basis as you and others browse our Web site
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself whenyou place an online order.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email,we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Your email address will not be used for any other purpose.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Generally, we use personal information for purposes of managingand expanding our products for our customers and prospective customers.Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notifyyou about important changes to our Web siteand special offers we think you will find valuable.
Choice/Opt-out
If you do not wish to receive any promotional or marketing e-mailsand/or surface mail marketing letters,
you may opt-out of receivingthose communications by using our Questions and Concerns form.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document,which often includes an anonymous unique identifier.When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you visit our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other customers.In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisementsor requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security.
Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate
number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular.This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you,and we do not generally store any personal informationthat you provided to us in your cookies.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not provide third parties with your data without your express permission.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication.For this reason, we request that you do not sendprivate information to us by email.
Greek 'n' Stuff credit card orders are processed securelyusing Forte Payment Systems or PayPal.
If you have questions or concerns, please use our Questions and Concerns form.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable informationthat we collect online and maintain in our database by contacting us.Please use the above postal mail contact information.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to our collection and use of your personal informationas described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures,we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect,how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.At any time you may request to view any and all changes and updates, via surface mail.
Notification of Changes
The Privacy Policy is subject to periodic review and change.In order to view the current Privacy Policy, simply check this section of the website.If we materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changesto this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so users are awareof what information we collect, how it is used,and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.In some cases where we post a notice, we may also email users who have opted to receivecommunications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
Greek 'n' Stuff credit card orders are processed using Forte Payment Systems or PayPal.
We will not provide third parties with your data without your express permission.
REVIEWSTESTIMONIALSFAQsFRENCH-GREEKIRREGULARS ON SALEPRINTABLE FORMS
RETURN POLICYGREEK & LATIN LINKSINTERESTED BOOKSTORE?INTERNATIONALHOMESCHOOL & CHRISTIAN LINKSPRIVACY POLICY