https://www.stateuniversity.com/about/privacy
State Universities
Top Schools List
Top Schools Overall
Top-Ranked Schools Overall
Top Colleges and Universities, Four-Year or Above
Best Public State Universities
Best Private Colleges and Universities
Best Vocational, Technical and Career Colleges
Best Community Colleges
Top-Ranked Schools by NCAA Conference
Most Popular Schools by Program
Safest Schools
Safest Schools
Safest Public State Universities
Safest Private Colleges and Universities
Safest Vocational, Technical and Career Colleges
Safest Community Colleges
Top Schools by Other Attributes
Top ACT Scores
Top SAT Scores
Highest FT Faculty Salary
Highest Average Student Loan
Highest Total Enrollment
Highest Total Cost of Attendance
Top Schools by State
Top-Ranked Schools Overall (by State)
Safest Schools (by State)
Top ACT Scores (by State)
Top SAT Scores (by State)
Highest FT Faculty Salary (by State)
Highest Average Student Loan (by State)
Highest Total Enrollment (by State)
Highest Total Cost of Attendance (by State)
Careers
Financial Aid
Study Guides
Highest Total Cost of Attendance (by State)
Jobs
Health
Blog
StateUniversity.com – U.S. University Directory
State University List
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully.
By using this website of StateUniversity.com, you agree to all the conditions in this policy.
If you do not agree to all of the conditions contained herein, you may not use this website.
Information we collect
We collect the IP address and query data from every visitor to the StateUniversity website. Although we collect query data, we do so for statistical purposes only and do not make any attempt to associate queries with individual visitors. Absolutely no personal data of any kind is collected, extracted, or stored in association with individual search queries, college or school comparison searches, or browsing behavior.
Visitors may also volunteer personal information to StateUniversity or partners of StateUniversity for purposes of school interest forms or online applications.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the StateUniversity website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this website, other websites, and other forms of media in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Transferability of Information
Information collected by StateUniversity in accordance with this Privacy Policy may be stored and processed within the United States of America or in any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using our website, you consent to any transfer of personal information outside of your country, should we find it necessary.
In the event that we are acquired or merge with another company, or upon a sale of all or portion of our assets, personal information about you will be among the assets transferred to the new company. The new company may handle such information in accordance with its own policies and procedures and not in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information on this Website
Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. We may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the services described in this information at any time without notice.
From time to time, this Privacy Policy may be modified. Updates will be posted in place of this Privacy Policy and will remain accessible to all users of the StateUniversity website.
You agree to this Privacy Policy, and any changes to the same, by visiting this website.
Copyright © 2020 StateUniversity.com – All rights reserverd