http://www.cen.eu/helpers/Pages/privacy.aspx
Skip to main content
HomehelpersPrivacy statement
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Print this page
Latest update:  October 8, 2018
Mission
CEN and CENELEC are two of the three European Standardization Organizations (ESOs) whose main objective is to remove trade barriers for European industry and consumers. The mission of CEN and CENELEC is to produce high quality European Standards to foster the European economy in global trading, the welfare of European citizens and the environment. CEN and CENELEC, through their services, have the institutional authority to provide a platform for the development of European Standards and other consensus-based publications in application of Regulation (EU) No. 1025/2012. CEN-CENELEC promote the unique European Standardization System and its results, leading the implementation of best practice in standardization around the world.
How your information will be used
At CEN and CENELEC we value your privacy and we only request personal data which are necessary for the performance of our mission. When we are the data controllers of your data we seek to keep you informed about the way we use your personal data, as well as your rights under the relevant European and national legislations.
CEN and CENELEC abide by the CEN-CENELEC Data Protection Policy which defines the common policy and good practices regarding the collection and processing of personal data for individual participating within the CEN and CENELEC system.
Standards development related activities
By participating in the CEN and CENELEC activities (e.g. accessing IT Tools, meetings participation, personal contribution to standards publication), you agree that:
Some essential personal data may be collected, used, shared, and archived for standardization and related activities in Europe with a view to develop standardization deliverables. Personal data includes: name, e-mail address(es), postal address(es), telephone number(s), national role, member body affiliation, stakeholder category, CVs (including gender, photo, nationality, academic and professional record, etc) when that will be required for your evaluation for e.g. a position or contract, passport/ID number (if requested by you for Visa issuance purposes). Essentially, this means that your data will be shared to help you collaborate with others and to advance the standardization work, and it is not used for commercial purposes.
Your personal data may be accessed, transferred and used by the CEN and CENELEC Members, Affiliates, Companion Standardization Bodies and other partner organisations, in some cases in countries outside the EU and the EEA. ISO and IEC which are located in Switzerland and which host some of the CEN and CENELEC IT tools respectively, act as data processors of the relevant information. Your personal data may also be transferred to the European Commission, European Parliament and other EU institutions for the purpose of participation to relevant meetings and events that you are expected to participate. All the above organisations are required to provide safeguards that any such processing and transfer of personal data is compliant with data protection laws and/or contractual provisions of equivalent level of protection as the GDPR.
You will only use any personal data of others that you obtain to support standards development work. You must not use it for commercial purposes except with the specific consent of the person concerned.
Events and Newsletters
By registering for participation to the events and activities organised by CEN and CENELEC, you agree that some minimum personal data will be collected and processed by CEN and CENELEC for the purpose of the facilitation of your participation to such event or activity. Third parties that are hosting or co-organising these events may also be provided access to these personal data. Additionally, your contact information will be used by CEN and CENELEC in order to provide you with updates on similar events in the future. You can request to unsubscribe from such updates by sending an email at info@cencenelec.eu.
You consent that during the CEN and CENELEC events you may be photographed or video recorded. Such photos and videos are used exclusively by CEN and CENELEC for reporting of such events. They may be used in publications (for example eNewsletter, Annual Reports, press releases) and may be made available on the CEN and CENELEC websites. We might also use them in the social media of CEN and CENELEC (for example Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn).
In those cases where you will request subscription to the relevant CEN and CENELEC newsletters, you agree that your personal data that you have agreed to provide, will be included in a contact list and you will be regularly contacted with relevant communications.
You have the right at any time to request to unsubscribe from such contact lists by sending an email to info@cencenelec.eu.
CEN and CENELEC do not use your personal data for any commercial purposes and do not transfer these personal data to third parties for any other purpose without your explicit consent.
Contractual arrangements
In those cases where you have entered in a contractual arrangement with CEN and/or CENELEC, some essential personal data may be collected and processed by CEN and/or CENELEC for the purpose of the performance of this contact. This may include among others name, address, CVs (including gender, photo, nationality, academic, professional record, etc) when that will be required for your evaluation for e.g. a position or contract, bank detail information.
CEN and CENELEC will use this information only for the intended specific purpose of the performance of this contractual arrangement and will not share this information with any third parties for any commercial purposes, other than those necessary for the performance of the contractual relationship (e.g. European institutions which are funding the standardization activities…).
Retention period
All the personal data collected by CEN and CENELEC will be retained for as long as needed to fulfil the purposes outlined above, in line with our justifiable reasons for processing or for a period specifically required by applicable regulations or laws, such as retaining the information for regulatory reporting purposes.
When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including: our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved; legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time; statute of limitations under applicable law(s); our justifiable reasons for processing where we have carried out balancing tests; (potential) disputes; and guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Photographs and videos of events are retained by CEN and CENELEC for the performance of the intended purpose and are archived for historical recording purpose.
In some occasions CEN and CENELEC are required by law to maintain records of personal data for specific purposes e.g. for audit or reporting to authorities. Following the completion of the relevant statutory period your personal data are deleted.
Your rights
The following apply with regard to your data:
You can request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data or the restriction of the processing, unless the processing is required by law.
Your can object to the processing, unless required by law, and you can request to receive your personal data in a portable format.
In those cases where the processing is based on your consent only and no other legal basis e.g. legitimate interests or necessary for the performance of a contract, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
In case your contact with CEN and CENELEC did not sufficiently address your request, you may further contact the relevant Data Protection Authority. As CEN and CENELEC are legal entities registered under Belgian law, they operate under the remit of the Belgian Data Protection Authority.
For more information regarding your rights see the CEN-CENELEC Data Protection Policy.
Contact
If you have more questions regarding the use of your personal data by CEN and CENELEC, or if you would like to receive additional information regarding the CEN and CENELEC Data Protection Policy you may contact:
CEN-CENELECRue de la Science 231040 BrusselsBelgiumDataPrivacy@cencenelec.eu
For all requests set out above, please send us an email with “data privacy request” in the subject line and include a copy of your identity card or another proof of your identity (e.g. driver’s license) to help us prevent unauthorised individuals from accessing, changing or deleting your information. CEN-CENELEC will respond to your request as soon as practically possible. If we need more than one month (from receipt of your request) to respond to your request, we will come back to you and let you know.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Sitemap
Acronyms
Contact us
Terms of use
Accessibility
Privacy statement
Website copyright and trademark