https://www.rbc.edu/privacy-policy/
RBC Will Be Closed For Winter Break From December 24, 2020 - January 3, 2021
RBC Winter Break
Statesmen
Banner
Bookstore
Canvas
RBC Online Logins
MyHousing
College Catalog
Student Handbook
Library
Pay Your Bill
Statesman Mail
Academic Calendar
Schedule of Classes
RBC Online Card Office
STAC: Statesman Technical Assistance Center
Campus Safety & Police
Institutional Research
Human Resources
Title IX
Freedom of Speech Notification
Licensure Program Disclosure
Brand Guidelines
Faculty & Staff
President’s Council
Faculty
Faculty Handbook
Faculty Resources
Staff
Staff Resources
Policy Manual
Advancement
RBC Advancement Office
Facility Rentals
Events
Foundation
Media
News Releases
In The News
RBC Calendar
Brand Guidelines
Donate to RBC
Privacy Policy
Richard Bland College > Privacy Policy
It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia that personal information about citizens will be collected only to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired; that only appropriate information will be collected; that the citizen shall understand the reason the information is collected and be able to examine their personal record which is maintained by a public body. As a public college in the Commonwealth, Richard Bland College adheres to this policy.
This website:
Does not require that any personal information be supplied in order to download publicly available files or reports.
Collects no personal information without the knowledge and consent of the visitor. Any information collected will be used only for the purpose indicated and will not be shared with any other organization.
Will only use “cookies” to collect traffic data on our site. None of this information is associated with you as an individual and is used strictly for statistical reporting purposes in order to assess demands and usage for planning purposes.
Privacy Policy
Ready to Create Your Journey?
APPLY NOW
VISIT US
Request Info
Trigger Cookie
Ok, I got it.
We use cookies to analyze traffic and improve your experience. By continuing without changing your cookie settings, you agree to this convention. For more information, please see our Privacy & Security Statement.