http://www.keuka.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Information Technology
Information Technology Menu
Information Technology
Keuka College is committed to safeguarding all personally identifiable information we obtain about our customers and visitors, whether internal or external. This policy applies to anyone who accesses online services provided by Keuka College. Keuka College reserves the right to retain all incoming and outgoing communications through our website for the purposes of training staff and quality assurance.
1. How We Collect Personal Information
Keuka College collects various types of information from you through our websites when you provide it to us voluntarily by completing an online form. Some information is collected automatically through various web and Internet technologies, including social media, provided you grant consent. Cookies and other relevant technology are used on our websites to allow us to accomplish the uses described in this policy, to deliver messaging, and to keep track of your information. If you wish to disable such technology in your browser you may do so; however, this may render some portions of our websites unusable to you. Please refer to your browser’s “Help” menu for assistance in changing cookie settings or removing cookie files.
2. Information Collected Automatically
Each time you visit one of our websites, analytical information is automatically gathered through Google Analytics. Aggregate and anonymous analytical information is used by the College to better understand web traffic and make business decisions pertaining to user interface design, content, and marketing strategies. Keuka College fully complies with the Google Analytics Terms of Service. Keuka College makes use of various third-party services for behavioral and remarketing campaigns. These campaigns may involve:
Showing online advertisements to users whose online use habits have indicated an interest in Keuka College’s educational services.
Display online advertisements or follow-up messages to users who have visited one or more of Keuka College’s websites.
Third-party vendors may use cookies to track Internet use. Information gathered by these cookies may be used to display Keuka College advertisements on sites across the Internet. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you may express your choice where indicated on the applicable email or other communication. You may also contact marketing@keuka.edu to be removed from our mailing lists. To opt-out of receiving behavioral or remarketing messages from Keuka College, you will need to opt-out using tools provided by various third-party vendors:
Google: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Microsoft: http://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt-out
Yahoo!: http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/opt_out/targeting/
3. Information You Provide to Us
Various interactions through the College’s websites ask you to submit personal information. The exact personal information requested may vary depending on the type of response requested or nature of the transaction.
4. How We Use This Information
Keuka College does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others except as outlined in this policy. The College will share personally identifiable information about you with other companies or people when one or more of the following conditions apply:
We have your consent to share the information.
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of the Colleges to provide a product or service to you.
We are responding to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
We find it necessary to protect and defend the legal rights or property of Keuka College.
5. Privacy Policy Changes
Keuka College may revise or update this Privacy Policy. Please contact us as described below or check back at this site periodically to obtain a current copy of this Privacy Policy.
6. Contacting Us
If you wish to access or update any of your personal information, or have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact information_security@keuka.edu. Keuka College Attn: Information Security Manager 141 Central Ave. Keuka Park, NY 14478
Popular Searches
Academic Calendar
Bookstore
Coronavirus
Library
Moodle
Nixle
Parking Map
Portal
Registrar
Student Printing
More at Keuka College
Conference Services
Diversity & Inclusion
Human Resources
Title IX
Weddings