http://www.wmcarey.edu/page/online-privacy-policy
Top
Online Privacy Policy
Home
Online Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. We want to make use of individual identifying information that you provide to us for informational purposes only. "Individual identifying information" is information that enables us to identify you, such as your email address, name, and address.  Our site uses the individual identifying information in order to fulfill your request for information.  Our site may also use your information to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.Our sites policy regarding use of your individual identifying information supplied to us or collected via your visit to our site covers these areas:1. Notice and DisclosureThis Online Privacy Statement is made available to you in order to make you aware of how we collect and use individual identifying information of visitors to our site.We collect the following (but not limited to) information regarding visitors to our website when receiving form results or requests for information: name, address, phone numbers, information regarding what pages are accessed, information volunteered by you such as survey information, email address, site registrations, and your preferred means of communication.We do not make individual identifying information available to third parties.  We use such information to contact people for our related purposes only.Access to certain web pages may require a login and password.  The use of those web pages, and the information or programs downloadable from those sites is for authorized persons only. Your individual identifying information (such as IP number) may be retained to verify compliance with the agreement and to track usage from those pages, or track usage of other applications available on our site.2. Data SecurityWe are committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the individual identifying information that you provide to us.3. Use of CookiesA cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Depending on your use of this web site, certain information may be stored in a cookie in order to identify you and make your visit to this site personalized and more enjoyable.
More Information
I want to...
View Degree Options
Prospects
Apply for Admissions
Apply for Financial Aid
Apply for Housing
Contact an Office
Estimate Tuition & Fees
Get the Parent Newsletter
Meet My Recruiter
Request Information
Schedule a Campus Visit
View Courses
Students
Apply for Financial Aid
Apply for Graduation
Apply for Housing
Check My Email
Do Research
Get VA Information
Hattiesburg Campus Map
Pay My Bill
Register for Classes
Request a Transcript
View Catalog
View Courses
Withdraw from Carey
Alumni
Get Alumni Updates
Get My Transcript
Give to Carey
Join an Alumni Chapter
Support Friends of Carey
Community
Attend an Event
Attend Homecoming
Give to Carey
Work at Carey