https://www.halesowen.ac.uk/terms-conditions
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site.
By continuing to use the website you agree to our
Cookie Policy.
Change Settings
OK
Keep up to date with our FAQ:
Coronavirus Updates & FAQ.
×
Cancel
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions >
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. They do not affect your statutory rights. Your continued use of this website and/or any application which you make to Halesowen College (“we” or “us”) constitutes your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions. We reserve the right to vary these terms and conditions from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this section of the website and your continued use of the website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the prevailing terms and conditions. For this reason we encourage you to review them whenever you use this website to ensure that you are familiar with the latest terms and conditions. We also recommend all our students print and retain a copy of the terms and conditions for future use. Before applying for a place on one of our courses, if you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions, please contact us (for details see Contact us or Part D of these terms and conditions).
(A) Terms of Application
Applications:The following are the steps required to secure a place on one of our courses via this website:
If your application is for a full time course you make an application by following the instructions on the website;
If your application is for a full time course you will receive an acknowledgement email from us setting out the application you have made. This is an acknowledgement of your application not an acceptance of it. Our acknowledgement email will contain a link which you can click on to confirm your application;
Once you have confirmed your application you will receive an invitation from us to attend the College so that the necessary Enrolment Form can be completed and our current Tuition Fees and Fee Remission Policy can be explained to you. No tuition fee will be charged to students aged 16-18 (18 will mean “under 19” on 31st August in the relevant year). (A copy of our Tuition Fees and Fee Remission Policy is available on request).
If your application is for a part time course you make an application by following the instructions on the website;
Upon completion of the application you will be directed to a secure payment server where any payment required in connection with your application will be processed;
Our payment provider will authorise your debit or credit card payment and will send you a confirmatory email;
You will receive an acknowledgement email from us setting out the application you have made and the price;
Once the payment has been authorised and we have determined the availability of places on the course we will confirm your place in writing. Acceptance of your application and the creation of a legally binding contract between us will only occur when we send to you such confirmation.
You should retain all emails relating to your application and contract.
If you do require any information regarding your application please contact us (for details see the Contact us or Part D of these terms and conditions).
We reserve the right to decline all or any part of any application for whatever reason; should this occur, we will email you with the relevant details.
All contracts are concluded in English.
Capacity to enter contract:To be eligible to apply via this website you must register with us by providing the requested information, including your real name; payment details (where relevant), including your cardholder address (which will also be the delivery address); email address and telephone number(s).
Prices and Payment:
All prices and charges quoted in our Tuition Fees and Fee Remission Policy are quoted in pounds sterling. Under current legislation our fees are not vatable.
If we discover an error in the price, we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your application at the correct price or cancelling the order. If we are unable to contact you, we will treat the application as cancelled and you will receive a full refund.
Where applicable we accept most major credit and debit cards in partnership with our payment provider.
Cooling-off period:
Where your application and completion of your Enrolment Form is not completed in person at the College you are entitled to a cooling-off period beginning on the day when you apply and ending seven working days after you receive confirmation of your place, during which you have the right to cancel your application.
If you wish to cancel your application, for whatever reason, you should inform us in writing during the cooling-off period (email is acceptable). We will then contact you to discuss whether an alternative course may be appropriate for you and to offer additional advice and guidance.
If however, you confirm to us that you wish to cancel your contract we will process your cancellation and, where relevant, we will refund to you all monies paid by you for the course in question in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of the cancellation of your application.
Cancellation by us:
We reserve the right not to accept any application if:
any payment transaction is not authorised; or
you have not complied with the provisions of paragraph 2 of these terms and conditions.
If we do cancel your contract we will notify you by email and ask you to contact us. If you fail to do so within a reasonable period or we are not able to then resolve the matter with you will then refund to you any sum paid by you to us in respect of the contract as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your application. We will not be obliged to offer any addition compensation for disappointment suffered.
Data Protection:Information you provide to us remains confidential. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your application; and, secondly, to provide you with the best possible service. You specifically authorise us to transmit information to or to obtain information about you from third parties (including, but not limited to, your debit or credit card number) to authenticate your identity, to validate your debit or credit card and to authorise the transaction. You acknowledge that you consent to the processing of such information. Should you wish to contact us regarding these Policies please do so (for details see the contact us or Part D of these terms and conditions).
Users Obligations:You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. We accept no responsibility for any loss or harm incurred.
Unforeseen Circumstances:While every effort will be made to meet your expectations, cancellations or variations may be necessary as a result of an act of God, war, strike, lockout, labour dispute, fire, flood, drought or other cause beyond our reasonable control.
Complaints:If you have a complaint, please Click here for details of our Complaints Policy. Any complaint will be dealt with fairly, effectively and confidentially. Your statutory rights are unaffected.
Invalidity:If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
Law:These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and you hereby agree to be subject to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
Entire Agreement:These terms and conditions, together with our current Tuition Fees and Fee Remission Policy, contact details, Data Protection, Complaints and Privacy Policies, and Enrolment Form set out the whole of the agreement between us. Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any courses offered by us. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
(B) Intellectual Property Rights
The content of this website is © Halesowen College (or its third party licensors). You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the website shall remain at all times vested in us (or our licensors). You may not copy, reproduce, change, modify, license, transmit or sell any material or content contained herein and you are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us (or our licensors).
(C) Disclaimer
We provide this website on an “as is” basis and make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to this website or its contents and disclaim all such representations and warranties. We do not warrant that functions available on this website will be uninterrupted or error free, defects will be corrected, or that the server that makes it available is free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output. In addition, you should satisfy yourself that any course choice that you make is suitable for your intended purpose or use. The information contained in this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. All liability of Halesowen College howsoever arising for any such inaccuracies or errors is expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Neither Halesowen College nor any of its employees or other representatives will be liable for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with the use of this website. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of these exclusions and limitations is intended to limit any rights you may have as a consumer under local law or other statutory rights which may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees or agents. Halesowen College accepts no liability for any information or content contained in external third party websites which link to or from this website.
(D) Contact us:
The office of Halesowen College is: Whittingham Road, Halesowen West, Midlands, B63 3NA.
Telephone: 0121 602 7777
Fax: 0121 585 0369
Email address: info@halesowen.ac.uk
VAT registration number: 632 1208 84
Halesowen College can be contacted by telephone, fax or email between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Monday to Friday (excluding bank holidays).
Useful documents
Complaints Policy
Our accreditation and awards
AWARDS