https://www.auto.edu/privacy-policy/
HomePrograms Automotive Technology
Associate in Occupational Science Trades Leadership with Specialization in Automotive Technology Automotive Technology
Heavy Vehicle Technology
Associate in Occupational Science Trades Leadership with Specialization in Heavy Vehicle Technology Heavy Vehicle Technology
HVAC/Refrigeration
Associate in Occupational Science Trades Leadership with Specialization in
HVAC Technology HVAC/Refrigeration
Welding
Associate in Occupational Science Trades Leadership with Specialization in
Maritime Welding Technology Maritime Welding Technology
Commercial Driving
Commercial Driving – Class A Tractor Trailer Commercial Driving – Class B Straight Truck LocationsStudent Services Online Payments Email Online Library Student HousingResources Safety Report
Security Crime Prevention Alerts Students Responsibilities McGruff Campaign Philosophy Statement Crime Statistics
Student Consumer Information
Information About the College Accreditation and Licensure Financial Assistance Information FERPA Information Facilities and Services for Students with Disabilities Campus Security Information Student Conduct and Responsibilities Satisfactory Academic Progress Policy for Undergraduate Programs Approved Online/In-Seat Textbook Information HEOA Compliance Public Notice of Title VI Program Rights Title IX Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF) – Policies and Procedures CARES ACT – Quarterly Budget and Expenditures Financial AssistanceMilitaryBlogWorkforce Solutions
Home>Privacy Policy
Updated: February 4, 2009
This Privacy Policy describes how Advanced Technology Institute collects and uses any personally identifiable information that you submit via this Web site. We reserve the right to amend our Internet Privacy Policy at any time without notice.
Advanced Technology Institute highly respects the privacy rights of our Web site visitors and is committed to protecting that privacy. The following information describes the data we collect from site visitors and how that information is used.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance. ATI does not actively market towards European Union nations. By clicking on any of our information request forms or applications, the user has consented to transfer all personal data to and its storage in, the United States, and I understand that my personal data will be subject to processing in accordance with U.S. laws.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. ATI collects a variety of information from its Web site visitors. Some of this data is not personally identifiable and is collected automatically via the use of cookies and other standard Internet Technology. Automatically collected information may include: the operating system used, the type of Web browser used, IP address, Date, time and duration of activity, and the Web sites used to enter and leave our site.
Personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information is collected only on a voluntary basis, at the discretion of the Web site user. For example, you may choose to provide your name, address, email address or telephone number in the Contact Us section of our Web site as a request for more information.
Use of information. Non-personally identifiable information is used to help us improve our site by allowing us to understand and address the needs of our site visitors. This includes making our site accessible to a variety of Web browsers and operating systems. Personal information collected through the site by means of your voluntary submission, such as your name, mailing address, email address and other contact information, is used for the purpose of responding to your requests for information about ATI. We may use the voluntary information provided to send you information about our programs and services, or updates and other information we think may be of interest to you. Information you provide to us will be held in confidence and will be strictly used for internal purposes only. ATI may share aggregate information about our site visitors with business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. However, the personal information you provide will be kept confidential. From time to time, ATI may contract with certain third party vendors (e.g., marketing and advertising agencies) to assist us in communicating information to and from you. In these cases, your personal information may be used by these third parties solely on behalf of ATI to facilitate ATI–related communications with you. Other than these instances, your personal information with not be shared with any other party (except as required by law).
Security of information. ATI uses best efforts to protect security of personal information collected through its Web sites. This site utilizes industry standard SSL encryption when accepting your credit card information and has been validated and determined to be secure for online transactions by SiteSafeTM Network Solutions and maintains PCI (Payment Card Industry) compliance.
User options regarding collection of information. With regard to automatically collected information, it is standard practice for many Web sites to collect non-personally identifiable information about your Web browser, operating system, IP address and browsing history (i.e. what pages on our Web site you viewed). This information is collected exclusively for ATI internal Web site development and maintenance purposes and will not be used for marketing solicitations or for any commercial purposes. Any other non-personal information collected through the use of cookies, may be opted out of by disabling or rejecting cookies. (Cookies are short pieces of information used by Web browsers to remember information provided by the user.) With regard to personal information collected through our Web site, you may opt out of ATI marketing solicitations at any time by contacting us through any campus management. Or, if you wish, you can email your request to privacy@auto.edu. Be sure to include your full name, address, and email address and specify what communication you would like to terminate (e.g., terminate all communication …. or terminate only email communication … or terminate only phone communication .. . etc.).
Children’s Privacy (Under the age of 18). All persons under the age of 18 must receive parental / guardian permission before submitting personal information on this Web site. Furthermore, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 (this includes personal information described above as well as persistent identifiers, such as IP address and cookies, except for support of internal operations of the site). If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us via the information provided below.
Parents/Guardians. Any information collected from this site is used solely for the purpose of responding to a request for information and/or to deliver the requested information. If you have a question or would like to unsubscribe your child’s information from our database, please contact us via the information provided below.
Limitation of Liability. The ATI Web sites may contain links to third party Web sites. Links to these Web sites are provided as a convenience only and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the linked site, its operator or contents. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the www.auto.edu Web site.
Privacy Policy Changes. Advanced Technology Institute may change its privacy policy at any time. Should we revise this policy, we will post the updated policy on this Web site.
For more information. For further information about this privacy policy or to correct or modify any information collected through our site, please contact us at: Advanced Technology Institute, 5700 Southern Blvd., Virginia Beach, VA 23462. Email: privacy@auto.edu.
Advanced Technology Institute
5700 Southern Blvd
Virginia Beach, VA 23462
privacy@auto.edu
GET MORE INFO
Program of Interest: *
Select Program of Interest
Automotive Technology
Commercial Driving
Diesel/Heavy Vehicle
HVAC/Refrigeration
Maritime Welding
Location: *
Choose your location
Virginia Beach, VA
Norfolk, VA
First Name: *
Last Name: *
Email Address: *
Your Zip Code: *
Mobile:
Phone: *
Highest Degree Earned:
Select Highest Degree Earned
HS Diploma or GED
Some College
Associate Degree
Bachelor Degree
Post Graduate Degree
Attending High School
Year Degree Earned:
Select Year of Degree2022202120202019201820172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968
Are you or your spouse active duty, reservist or a veteran of the U.S. Armed Forces? *
Yes
No
Privacy Policy
Learn More About ATI’s Programs
View more ATI videos in our Media Center.
Log In
Create an Account
You can login using your social profile
Problem with login?