http://www.etbu.edu/about-etbu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
About ETBU
A to Z Index
At a Glance
Campus Offices
Employment Opportunities
Faculty and Staff
FAQs
Give
History
Human Resources
President J. Blair Blackburn
Expectations of ETBU Students and University Community Code of Conduct
Title IX/Sexual and Interpersonal Misconduct (SIM) Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Breadcrumb
About ETBU
Privacy Policy and Compliance
East Texas Baptist University, is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access, personal information is not actively shared. In particular, we do not re-distribute or sell personal information collected on our web servers.
Privacy Policy
East Texas Baptist University maintains the ETBU website (www.etbu.edu) as a public service. The following statement applies only to members of the general public and is intended to address concerns about the types of information gathered from the public, if any, and how that information is used.
The East Texas Baptist University website is provided as a public service and information source to our students, faculty and staff and the community. Official policies and procedures of the institution are published in the College Catalog and the Student Handbook. Should there be any discrepancies between the website and any of these documents, the catalog and/or the handbook shall take precedence.
Information collected
The information that East Texas Baptist University collects will be retained and maintained as required by Texas records retention laws and rules. Different types of information are kept for different periods of time.
Cookies A "cookie" is a small file containing information that is placed on a user's computer by a web server. Typically, these files are used to enhance the user's experience of the site, to help users move between pages in a database, or to customize information for a user. Any information that East Texas Baptist University web servers may store in cookies is used for internal purposes only. Cookie data is not used in any way that would disclose personally identifiable information to outside parties unless East Texas Baptist University is legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings.
E-mail and Form Information If a member of the general public sends East Texas Baptist University an e-mail message or fills out a web-based form with a question or comment that contains personally identifying information, that information will only be used to respond to the request and analyze trends. The message may be redirected to another government agency or person who is better able to answer your question. Such information is not used in any way that would reveal personally identifying information to outside parties unless East Texas Baptist University is legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings. Forms that take payment go through Stripe secure servers.
Logs and Network Monitoring  Encore Multimedia maintains log files of all access to its site and also monitors network traffic for the purposes of site management. This information is used to help diagnose problems with the server and to carry out other administrative tasks. Log analysis tools are also used to create summary statistics to determine which information is of most interest to users, to identify system problem areas, or to help determine technical requirements.
Contact If there are any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or dealings with this website, contact the webmaster.
Copyright Statement
East Texas Baptist University abides by copyright and extends the same expectation to students, faculty, and all content authors; however, if you are the owner of copyrighted material that you believe has been used without permission, follow the instructions below to contact the Copyright Agent and file a complaint.
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c), to be effective, written notification ("Notification") of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the following Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement (Service Provider: East Texas Baptist University).
To be effective, the Notification must include the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Note: the above information is provided exclusively for notifying the service providers referenced that your copyrighted material might have been infringed. All other inquiries, such as requests for technical assistance, will not receive a response through this process. If you would like to report a copyright infringement send the information above to the webmaster or Larry Northcutt, Director of ETBU Compliance.
Disclaimers and Compliance
Email Breach of confidentiality All email messages and attached files are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received email messages in error please notify the East Texas Baptist University Institutional Technology office. Some messages may contain confidential information are intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy any email message. If you have received an email by mistake please and promptly delete the email from your system. If you are not the intended recipient you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited.
Liability for the unintentional transmission of computer viruses Computer viruses can be transmitted via email or file download. The user should check all email messages, attachments, and file downloads for the presence of viruses. East Texas Baptist University accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by email or by file download. Additionally, email transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or become injected with viruses. East Texas Baptist University therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of any content, which arise as a result of an email transmission or file download. Although East Texas Baptist University has taken reasonable precautions to ensure no viruses are present in any email message or file download, we cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of any email, attachments, or file downloads.
Unintentionally entering into contracts No employee or agent is authorized to conclude any binding agreement on behalf of East Texas Baptist University with another party by email or web form without express written confirmation by the East Texas Baptist University Finance Department.
Negligent misstatement East Texas Baptist University accepts no liability for the content of any email, attachment, file download, or for the consequences of any actions taken on the basis of the information provided, unless that information is subsequently confirmed in writing. If you are not the intended recipient of any East Texas Baptist University sent message you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of the sent information is strictly prohibited.
Employer's liability Any views or opinions presented on any website or in any email message are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of East Texas Baptist University. Employees of East Texas Baptist University are expressly required not to make defamatory statements and not to infringe or authorize any infringement of copyright or any other legal right by email or web communications. Any such communication is contrary to university policy and outside the scope of the employment of the individual concerned. East Texas Baptist University will not accept any liability in respect of such communication, and the employee responsible will be personally liable for any damages or other liability arising.
Contact the Compliance Office If you have any questions about Compliance you can contact Larry Northcutt, Director of ETBU Compliance.
Related Information
Institutional Technology
Main navigation
About ETBU
Academics
Admissions
Life on the Hill
Athletics
ETBU Now
Info For
Title IX/SIM
ETBU Health Services
Request Info
Visit ETBU
Apply Now
Give