https://www.comparitech.com/blog/vpn-privacy/which-us-states-best-protect-online-privacy/
Menu
Close
VPN
By Use
Netflix
Kodi
Torrenting
Hulu
Sky Go
Gaming
BBC iPlayer
Tor
Best overall
By OS/Device
Mac
Windows
Linux
Windows 10
Firestick
iPhone and iPad
Android
Windows Phone
DD-WRT Routers
By Country
China
Japan
US
UK
Canada
Australia
Germany
France
UAE & Dubai
Guides
Fastest VPNs
Cheapest VPNs
Free VPNs
How to access the deep web
Is torrenting safe and legal?
Build your own VPN
Facebook privacy and security
How to encrypt email
How to stay anonymous online
See all
Reviews
ExpressVPN
NordVPN
IPVanish
PrivateVPN
StrongVPN
Cyberghost
PureVPN
Surfshark
See all
Antivirus
Online backup
Streaming
Kodi
Plex
Sports Streaming
TV Streaming
IPTV
Blog
VPN & Privacy
Cloud and Online Backup
Information Security
More Comparisons
Password Managers
Identity Theft Protection
Usenet
Privacy & Security Tools
Internet Providers
Parental Control Software
Net Admin Tools
Data Recovery Software
Crypto
Utilities
BlogVPN & PrivacyInternet Privacy Laws by State: which US states best protect privacy online?
We are reader supported and may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site
Internet Privacy Laws by State: which US states best protect privacy online?
Paul Bischoff
TECH WRITER, PRIVACY ADVOCATE AND VPN EXPERT
@pabischoff UPDATED: October 23, 2019
Laws governing online privacy in the US vary widely from state to state. To find out how each US state ranks from least to most private, we evaluated each and every one of them based on 20 key criteria. The results reveal a wide range of varying privacy protections, which we’ve visualized in the map below. Scores are displayed as percentages, with a score of 20 out of 20 being 100 percent.
Our criteria range from laws that govern how companies can use and disclose customer data to those that protect journalists, children, and employees. The results of our research are compiled into the table below, with a simple “yes” or “no” answer as to whether an applicable law exists in each state.
2019 Key updates and trends
While researching the 2019 update, a few key points stood out that exemplify new privacy law trends in the US:
Maine introduced a new data protection act in 2019 that stipulates internet service providers cannot “use, disclose, sell, or permit access to customer personal information” without customer consent, save for certain exemptions such as complying with a court order
Nevada passed an act on October 1, 2019 that allows customers to opt out of online data sharing
South Dakota passed a shield law to protect journalists in March
Utah passed a bill in 2019 that prevents a wide range of providers from handing over user data to law enforcement without a warrant
State scores moderately correlate (r = 0.4) with how they voted in the 2016 presidential election. Those that voted for Clinton tended to have higher privacy scores.
In our 2019 update, we added three new criteria and removed three others.
We added:
Laws to protect privacy rights and enforce marketing restrictions for minors
Data security laws that are specific to insurance companies and follow the Data Security Model Law, which was created by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC). The goal is for all states to have adopted this within the next few years
Data security laws that are specific to data brokers
The District of Columbia due to this district not being governed at state level. DC has been praised for its student data privacy law and it does also have a broad shield law for journalists. It was also rumored to be considering adopting the NAIC data security model but this hasn’t happened as of yet
We removed:
ISPs require explicit consent to share customer data (federal laws) – as broadband privacy was repealed by the government in 2017, there is no federal protection available here
Laws to protect children’s privacy – all states have specific laws relating to this, so we have introduced the new category regarding minors to see which states are being more proactive and forward-thinking in their approach to children’s online safety
We have also toughened up our employee communications category by only featuring the states who have clear laws in place that prohibit employers from monitoring employee communications without notifying them first
The best US states for online privacy
California
Score: 75%
California has enacted many laws for specific privacy issues that other states ignore. What’s more, the state has also created what the ACLU called the most comprehensive digital privacy law in the nation. California is the only state to mention an inalienable right to privacy in its state constitution. It’s also the only state to enact a law that specifically protects data gathered from the internet-of-things.
The Electronic Communications Privacy Act prevents any law enforcement or investigative entity from forcing a company to give up electronic data or communications without a warrant. This includes cloud data, metadata, emails, text messages, location data and device searches. Although other states have similar laws protecting some of these forms of data, California has so far been the only state to protect it all.
California introduced a new law in September 2018 that protects internet-of-things data by ensuring manufacturers equip devices with appropriate security features. This law goes into effect in January 2020.
On June 26, 2018, California passed one of the toughest privacy laws in the United States, the Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Effective in 2020, this bill empowers consumers with the right to know what information any company has collected about them and whom that information is shared with. Furthermore, consumers can demand that a company delete their personal data, and companies must provide equal service to customers no matter what information they’ve collected.
Delaware
Score: 55%
Delaware scored highest in our evaluation in 2017, but slipped below California in 2018. Laws that require the government to dispose of customer data after a set period of time, protect the privacy of e-reader and library data, and protect employee privacy helped the state to stand out.
The state’s most recently passed privacy law addresses advertising to children, inconspicuous privacy policies, and enhancing privacy protections for ebook readers. If those sound familiar to you, it’s because they are similar in many ways to privacy laws passed in California, which is next on our list.
Utah
Score: 45%
Utah is just one of two states in the entire country that bars internet service providers from sharing customer data with third parties without consent. Utah requires all non-financial businesses to tell customers the types of personal information the business shares with or sells to a third party for the purpose of direct marketing or compensation. The state also requires companies to dispose of customer data after a set period of time.
A 2013 law prohibits employers from asking employees and applicants from divulging their passwords or usernames for social media accounts.
Honorable mentions
Illinois
Score: 40%
Illinois is the only state in the country to successfully pass a law specifically protecting biometric data like fingerprints, face recognition scans, and retina scans.
Both companies and the government must dispose of personal data after a set period of time. Employers and schools cannot force employees and students to hand over social media account login information.
Arkansas
Score: 35%
Arkansas requires both the government and companies to dispose of customer data after a set period of time. The 2005 Personal Information Protection Act states that all businesses in the state, no matter their size, must safeguard customers’ personal information.
Arkansas passed two new data privacy laws in 2015. One governs how online service providers can collect and use student data for commercial or other purposes, while the other requires parental consent for students’ personal information to be shared with other government agencies.
New Hampshire
Score: 25%
New Hampshire joined the ranks of privacy pioneering states like California when it passed a law modeled after California’s Student Online Personal Information Protection Act. The law imposes strict obligations on companies collecting and storing data on students from kindergarten to high school age.
The Kilton Library, located in the town of Lebanon, New Hampshire offers users unprecedented access to Tor, a web browser that enables them to browse the web completely anonymously. When the Department of Homeland Security alerted New Hampshire authorities about the Kilton Library’s Tor access, state officials and the community stood in support of this act of privacy.
Unfortunately, New Hampshire lacks laws that protect journalists and employees, and the state does little to regulate how companies and the government use data.
Vermont
Score: 25%
Vermont threw the financial services industry for a loop with its stringent “opt-in” privacy law. This law, imposed on financial institutions, requires explicit consent from consumers before their data can be shared. That means these companies must treat data from Vermont residents more carefully than data from residents of any other state.
A Vermont law that prohibited the sale of data identifying doctors who prescribed certain medications was struck down by the Supreme Court in 2011. The ruling shows that states are not always in control of their own privacy laws, even if they want to be.
Worst US states for online privacy
Wyoming
Score: 5%
While not all states have shield laws to protect journalists from exposing their sources, Wyoming is the only state that doesn’t even have a court precedent for doing so. Companies are not required to dispose of users’ personal data after a set period of time, and employers are not barred from forcing employees to hand over passwords to social media accounts.
Mississippi
Score: 10%
Mississippi lacks laws that protect employee personal accounts and communications from employers. Companies are not required to dispose of users’ personal data. K-12 student information has no explicit protection under law.
Idaho
Score: 10%
Idaho does not require companies nor the government dispose of any data they’ve collected. It lacks a shield law to protect journalists and their sources. Social media privacy is not protected from employers or educational institutions.
Pennsylvania
Score: 10%
Companies and the government can retain personal data about users indefinitely without consequence in Pennsylvania. There are no laws on the books that protect grade school student info. Social media profiles are not protected from employers or schools under the law.
Iowa
Score: 10%
The government and companies in Iowa are not required to dispose of personal data that they’ve collected. Iowa lacks a shield law to protect journalists, and does not protect social media privacy when it comes to schools and employers.
2018 Key updates and trends
When conducting research on the 2018 update, we noted a few key trends in how privacy law is shaping up around the nation:
Every state in the Union now has a law requiring companies to publicly disclose when a data breach occurs.
Many states have expanded the definition of “personally identifiable information” to include more types of data and combinations of data.
California passed the toughest privacy and data protection law in the nation, pushing it to the top of the rankings.
Maine is the only state to pass a law prohibiting law enforcement from tracking a person’s location using GPS or other geo-location info built into smartphones and computers. Illinois and California have both put forth such bills in the past, but they were vetoed.
Illinois is the only state to specifically protect biometric data, but that law (BIPA) is currently in jeopardy.
In our 2018 update, we added six new criteria to our state-by-state privacy assessment for a total of 20. These include:
Companies must allow consumers to opt out of third-party data sharing
Companies must delete personal data on request of the person
Companies must disclose what person data they’ve collected about a person
A warrant is required for law enforcement to access personal data on users held by service providers
A warrant is necessary to track someone’s location via GPS or other geo-location technologies
Laws to protect biometric data
Federal privacy laws
Some aspects of online privacy are governed by the federal US government rather than state governments. Partial regulations exist, but there is no all-encompassing law regulating the collection, storage, or use of personal data in the U.S.
The US Constitution never mentions privacy specifically and only protects against state actors, not individuals. However, the First, Fourth, Ninth, and Fourteenth Amendments limit government intrusion on individuals’ right to privacy.
The Privacy Act of 1974 governs the collection, maintenance, use, and dissemination of personally identifiable info about individuals stored by federal agencies. Again, this restricts how the government can access and use records and does not apply to individuals or businesses.
HIPAA was enacted in 1996 to protect medical records.
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) allows individuals to opt out of unwanted credit offers and obtain one free credit report from each of the major credit reporting agencies every year.
The Electronic Communications Privacy Act can be used to impose criminal sanctions on anyone who intercepts electronic communications without consent, but a number of loopholes have rendered the law mostly useless, experts say.
The 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act requires that websites directed at children under the age of 13 must get parental consent among other compliance standards. The law has widely been discredited as ineffective and even counterproductive when it comes to protecting kids online.
Other federal laws relating to computer security and privacy law include (source: Wikipedia):
1970 U.S. Fair Credit Reporting Act
1970 U.S. Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organization (RICO) Act
1974 U.S. Privacy Act
1980 Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Guidelines
1984 U.S. Medical Computer Crime Act
1984 U.S. Federal Computer Crime Act (strengthened in 1986 and 1994)
1986 U.S. Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (amended in 1986, 1994, 1996 and 2001)
1986 U.S. Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA)
1987 U.S. Computer Security Act (Repealed by the Federal Information Security Management Act of 2002)
1988 U.S. Video Privacy Protection Act
1990 United Kingdom Computer Misuse Act
1991 U.S. Federal Sentencing Guidelines
1992 OECD Guidelines to Serve as a Total Security Framework
1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act
1995 Council Directive on Data Protection for the European Union (EU)
1996 U.S. Economic and Protection of Proprietary Information Act
1996 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) (requirement added in December 2000)
1998 U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA)
1999 U.S. Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA)
2000 U.S. Congress Electronic Signatures in Global National Commerce Act (“ESIGN”)
2001 U.S. Provide Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (PATRIOT) Act
2002 Homeland Security Act (HSA)
2002 Federal Information Security Management Act of 2002
Take your privacy into your own hands
US citizens, nor citizens of any country, should expect their government to protect their privacy from all threats. It’s up to all of us as individuals to be proactive in guarding our privacy.
No state is perfect, but at least all levels of the US government allow citizens to fortify their online security at will. A few key steps include encrypting your files and communications, accessing the internet through a secure VPN, and managing permissions on you and your family’s online accounts.
Did we get something wrong? A law we missed? Let us know in the comments!
2 Comments
Leave a Comment
Paul, very interesting article, but I think you’ve missed some CA privacy laws.
You can find all of them on the AG website, here: http://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws
See these, for example:
CA IoT Privacy Laws
1. Car tech
Vehicle Code § 9951: Limits on manufacturer’s use of EDR data
Civil Code § 1936: Limits onrental company’s
access and use of GPS data from rental car
Vehicle Code § 26708: Notice on possible audio recording by video event records; data is owned by vehicle owner.
2. Smart grid
Public Utilities Code §§ 8380-8381: Gas and electric utilities required to contractually prohibit 3rd-party service provider from using customer smart meter data without prior consent of customer
Civil Code §§ 1798.98-1798.99: Limits on se and sharing of customer smart meter data by 3rd-party service providers to gas and electric utilities
3. Connected TVs
Business & Professions Code §§ 22948.20-22948.25: Notification of consumer of voice-recognition feature and prohibition of use or sale for advertising purposes of audio recordings capture by TV
CA Employee Privacy Laws
1. Employer background checks
Investigative Consumer Reporting Agencies Act (Civil Code § 1786 et seq.): Like federal law (Fair Credit Reporting Act) provides consumers with rights in employers’ use of background checking agencies; goes beyond federal law to apply same rights to
background checks conducted in-house
2. Credit checks by employers
Civil Code § 1785.20.5 and Labor Code § 1024.5 et seq.: Prohibits use of consumer credit reports for employment purposes, with certain exceptions.
3 SSNs on pay stubs
Labor Code § 226: Requires employers to print no more than last 4 digis of employee’s SSN on pay stubs or itemized statements.
Reply
Thanks Joanne. We mainly tried to focus on *online* privacy in this article, so some of the laws you mentioned don’t directly fall under that umbrella. #3 is actually what we are referring to for the IoT data privacy variable found in the table, which only California has to our knowledge.
That being said, we are looking to expand and improve on this assessment at regular intervals. The smart grid/smart meter and car tech laws are interesting ones I’d definitely like to look into at some point in the future.
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel replyCommentName
Email
reCaptcha challenge is not working! Check browser requirement
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
BLACK FRIDAY EXTENDED
3 MONTHS FREE
+ SAVE 68%
Get 3 months FREE >>
No thanks
PRIVACY ALERT: Websites you visit can find out who you are
The following information is available to any site you visit:
Your IP Address:
Your Location:
Your Internet Provider:
This information can be used to target ads and monitor your internet usage.
Using a VPN will hide these details and protect your privacy.
We recommend using NordVPN - #1 of 42 VPNs in our tests. It offers outstanding privacy features and is currently available with three months extra free.
Visit NordVPN