https://www.longyear.org/privacy-policy/
Welcome,
My Profile
My History
My Payment Methods
My Recurring Payments
Logout
My Account
Please note that all Museum Store orders must be placed no later than Friday, December 18th to arrive by Christmas. You can place your order directly on our website or over the phone and we will be happy to assist you.
Search
My Cart
0
Search
Privacy Policy
Overview
Longyear Museum respects your privacy.  This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we may receive or collect when you place an order or submit a donation, as well as some of the methods we use to safeguard your personal information. By visiting our website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect personal information in order to process a sale, establish your account, and accept a donation. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, email address, credit card number or phone number. When you provide your personal information to us for these purposes, you consent to our collection and use of it in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Longyear Museum may in certain cases collect credit card numbers and related information such as the expiration date of the card (collectively referred to as “Credit Card Information”) when an individual places an order from us or makes a donation.  When the Credit Card Information is submitted to Longyear Museum, such information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. Longyear Museum will use the Credit Card Information for purposes of processing and completing the authorized transaction, and the Credit Card Information will be disclosed to third parties only as necessary to complete the transaction.  Credit card information, and other sensitive personal information required to process a credit decision, is not used for any other purposes by us or our financial services providers, and will not be retained any longer than necessary, unless you create an online account with us through which you request that we retain your credit card information to streamline your future purchases or donations.
Except as indicated in this Privacy Policy, your e-mail address and personal information will never be shared with any other company or third party by Longyear Museum without your permission.  Longyear Museum will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.  Longyear Museum may share personal information with companies working on our behalf and Longyear Museum-owned business entities for the purposes detailed above.  In any such cases, however, we require that the companies or entities adhere to privacy standards and policies as required by Massachusetts law and at least as restrictive as those Longyear Museum has in place.
Information We Collect Automatically
Longyear Museum and its third-party service providers automatically collect information from and about users of our website.  Longyear Museum may use “cookies” and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use our website and services.  A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser.  While most browsers accept cookies by default, you can manually set your browser to refuse all cookies, accept cookies from specific websites, or highlight when a cookie is sent to your browser.  Longyear Museum’s servers may also automatically record information when you visit our website, including the URL that directed you to our website, your IP address, browser type and the date and time of your visit.
You can choose whether or not to allow our website to collect and use real-time information about your device’s location through the device’s privacy settings.  If you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some parts of our website functions may then be inaccessible or not work properly.  For more information about understanding and managing online tracking, the Federal Trade Commission has provided the following resource:  https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking.
Security Measures
Longyear Museum values your trust and takes it seriously.  To prevent unauthorized access and disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of your information, Longyear Museum utilizes industry standard physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard any personal information we collect in accordance with applicable law.
Longyear Museum’s computers have security measures (such as firewalls and SSL encryption software) in place to reasonably protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the personal information under Longyear Museum’s control.  Notwithstanding such measures, Longyear Museum cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent Longyear Museum’s computers from being illegally accessed, and the personal information on them stolen or altered.
Use or Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide with your consent and to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.  We may also disclose such information to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.  On occasion, we may have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of personal information is reasonably necessary to:  (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or legitimate governmental request, (b) detect, prevent, or otherwise address suspected fraud, security or technical issues, (c) enforce any applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Longyear Museum, its patrons, or the general public as required or permitted by law.
Your Rights
You always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided and you can help us ensure that your contact information is accurate, complete, and up to date.  Your personal information is retained for only as long as is necessary for us to provide you with, and for you to use and enjoy, our items and services.  You can withdraw your consent at any time.  If you want us to erase your personal information, please contact us at letters@longyear.org, and we will readily fulfill your request.  We may contest your request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Privacy of Children
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. Longyear Museum does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at letters@longyear.org.  It is our policy to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws.
California Residents
Longyear Museum is committed to complying with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“California Act”).  As required by the California Act, this Privacy Policy identifies the types of personally identifiable information that we collect through our website about individual persons who use or visit our website; the Privacy Policy also discloses our use of third-party persons or entities with whom such personally identifiable information may be shared.  If you have any questions, please contact us via email or mail at the addresses listed, below.
International Users
Longyear Museum is based in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States, and information and data provided by customers and donors will be transmitted to or within the United States via secure means and encryption, as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Longyear Museum is committed to abiding by applicable international law regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information obtained from persons who use our website.
Updates to Privacy Policy
The world of technology changes quickly. If and when there are future changes to our Privacy Policy we will post them at www.Longyear.org.
Contact Us
We value your opinions and suggestions. Please email us with any questions or concerns (at letters@longyear.org), or alternately you can write to us at the following address:
1125 Boylston Street
Chestnut Hill, MA  02467-1811