http://www.strawberybanke.org/privacypolicy.cfm
Menu
Visit
Tickets
Events
Skate
People
Houses
Gardens
Learn
Join
Boats
Collections
Support
About
Covid-19 Precautions
Hours
Location/Map
Parking
Virtual Tours
Group Tours
Exhibits
Access
Blogs
Media
Filming
Portsmouth
Figtree Kitchen Cafe
Pickwick's at the Banke Store
Mombo Restaurant
LEGAL INFORMATION & PRIVACY POLICY
Strawbery Banke Museum and the Strawbery Banke Museum logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Strawbery Banke Museum, Inc. All other trademarks or logos that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners. Strawbery Banke Museum protects and defends vigorously its trade name, trademarks, patents, designs, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights. Unless otherwise specified, no person has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce, or republish in any form the information on this website.
The information provided on Strawbery Banke’s website, including text, images, and links, is for informational purposes only and does not create a business or professional services relationship between the visitor and Strawbery Banke. Links on this site may lead to other sites not operated by Strawbery Banke or that may be the property of the museum’s vendors. No judgment, endorsement, or warranty is made with respect to other sites, their security, or the content they contain, and Strawbery Banke takes no responsibility for them. Any use made of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at the user’s own risk.
This site and its contents are provided "as is"; Strawbery Banke Museum makes no representation or warranty of any kind, whether expressed or implied, regarding this site or any site accessible through this site. Strawbery Banke expressly disclaims all explicit or implicit warranties including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of fiscal benefits, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. In no event will Strawbery Banke Museum be liable to any party for any damages (whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential) incurred due to implicit or explicit warranty or content in connection with this site, or sites accessed through this site.
Strawbery Banke Museum respects users’ privacy and seeks to take reasonable efforts to protect it. When a user voluntarily submits contact information or when the museum collects information, such as a user’s name and email address, the museum uses it to provide a response to users’ inquiries or with information targeted to their needs. By using this website, users are providing their consent to let Strawbery Banke collect and use that information as described below, and the user consents to the policies and practices described in this statement. When someone requests information from Strawbery Banke, the museum needs to know the user’s  name and email address. In addition, the museum may require additional information, such as a  phone number to provide a response best tailored to the user.
The Strawbery Banke Museum website also automatically collects clickstream information about users’ visits. This can include the address of the website from which a user visits, the pages viewed, and the user’s browser. This information is largely non-personal and is used to improve the website.
Strawbery Banke Museum does not share or sell personal information. As necessary, the museum may share non-personal information with trusted third party service providers to perform services on the museum’s behalf. They typically use non-personal, anonymous information-like clickstream information regarding visit duration that isn't identifiable with a particular visitor to further improve the website.
With respect to this website, Strawbery Banke Museum will only collect, store, or use personally identifiable information when it is voluntarily submitted to the museum. Strawbery Banke does not ever store financial information such as credit card accounts used to purchase tickets, memberships or make a donation. Those who sign up for the museum email are able to "opt out" of the email subscription.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
Strawbery Banke does not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices Strawbery Banke will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
The museum will notify the users via email within 7 business days.
The museum also agrees to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
NEW & NOTEWORTHY
Candlelight Stroll Under the Stars
SOLD OUT ALL NIGHTS
Dec. 11, 12, 13 & 18, 19, 20, 2020
Due to the pandemic, "Candlelight Stroll Under the Stars," focuses on the lights, wreaths, roleplayers, and the magic on the exterior of the museum's historic buildings.
Read more...
Private Rink Rentals
Celebrate with a holiday party or special event ice-skating at Labrie Family Skate at Puddle Dock Pond. Covid-19 precautions followed.
Read more...
Puddle Dock Packs - Colonial Life Pack
Make great gifts & shipping available.
Explore the past and exercise imagination with hands-on activities for children.
Read more...
History at Home
Programs for homeschoolers and remote learners
Bring the essence of Strawbery Banke home through programs that bring history to life.
Read more...