https://www.granite.edu/about/legal-notices/
Top-ranked, 100% online bachelor's degrees focused on today's career opportunities.
Master's Degrees (5) & Graduate Certificates (4)
Advance to the next level with a master's degree and integrate what you're learning on the job, or pursue a shorter, focused graduate certificate credential, which can be applied toward a master's!
Associate Degrees (5)
Our 60-credit programs can help you build a foundation for your education and career.
Teacher Certifications (20)
Our Post-Baccalaureate Teacher Certification (PBTC) programs are designed for students who have completed a bachelor's degree and are seeking New Hampshire Teaching Certification.
Employer Programs
Our portfolio of training and education-related services can help your organization strengthen and grow.
Catalog
The catalog described policies, programs, and procedures of Granite State College.
Become a Student
Apply Now
Undergraduate
Graduate
Post-Baccalaureate
Calendar
Academic Calendar
Events Calendar
Take a Course
Course Schedule
Accepted Students Checklist
To help you get started, below you’ll find a list of to-do items to complete before you take your first courses. View List »
Attend Orientation
Our new student orientation is available on demand for you to access anytime.
Military & Veterans
With affordable, top-ranked online programs, an Active Duty Tuition Discount, and a dedicated team to support the needs of those who've served, we offer a college education that works for the military lifestyle.
Why GSC
Affordability
Credit for What You Know
Career Advising
Faculty
Online Flexibility
Student Success Stories
Affordability
Our tuition rates are among the lowest in New England
Top-ranked Online Degrees
We offer 100% online courses with the support of a local campus.
Transfer Credits
About 80% of our students arrive with transfer credits—you can transfer in up to 90!
Focused on Adult Students
If you’re finishing a degree at a nontraditional age, you’re among the majority at Granite State!
Tuition & Aid
Tuition & Fees
Types of Aid
Eligibility Requirements
FAFSA
Financial Aid Forms
Military Benefits
Use your military and veterans benefits at Granite State College! We are offer an Active Duty Tuition Discount and participate in the National Guard Tuition Waiver Program.
Federal and State Grants
Federal Work Study
Scholarships & Grants
Student Loans
Tuition Waivers and Discounts
Financing Your Education in 5 Steps
Learn more about the financial aid process.
Get Started
About
About Granite State College
More than 40 years ago, Granite State College embraced a powerful goal: no matter where you live, no matter your age or income, if you’re motivated to pursue a college education, you should have access to it. Since 1972, this has been our purpose.
Learn More
Mission
Accreditations & Achievements
Alumni
Merchandise
Our Blog
CWEP
OLLI
Careers
Search for employment opportunities at Granite State College
Staff Directory
Locations
Latest News & Announcements
New Graduate Certificate Programs
Granite State College recently introduced a set of Graduate Certificates, which will provide an affordable, credit-efficient pathway to a master’s-level credential. Options include...
Scholarship Opportunity for Undergraduate Students
Alumni and Friends Pay it Forward with Scholarships for Bachelor’s-degree Seeking Students. To apply for the scholarship, students must meet the following eligibility criteria...
View All News »
Current Students
Academics
Course planning tools, capstone courses, teacher education resources, policy, and more.
Advising & Support
Advising, Career Advising, Disability Accommodations, Tutoring, Student Conduct, and more.
Financial Aid
Disbursements, eRefunds, Student Loans, Return of Federal Aid, Work Study, and more.
Student Accounts Office
Paying Your Bill, Payment Plans, Military Benefits, 1098-T, and more.
Registrar's Office
Add/Drop/Withdraw from Courses, Change of Program, Transcripts, Forms & FAQ, and more.
I would like to...
Sign in to Moodle
Access WebROCK
Check Go.Granite Email
Pay My Bill
Apply for Financial Aid
Register for a Class
Use My Military Benefits
Request Student Transcripts
Connect with a Tutor
Apply for Accommodations
Speak with an Advisor
Set Up My Accounts
Retrieve My 1098-T Tax Form
Degrees & Programs
Become a Student
Why GSC
Tuition & Aid
About
Current Students
Contact
FAQs
Apply Now
Request Info
Contact
FAQs
Apply Now
Request Info
Legal NoticesThis website describes policies, programs, and procedures of Granite State College that are in effect at the time of each webpage’s respective publication.
This website is intended as a general guide to the College’s organization, programs, courses, policies, fees, and program requirements, all of which are subject to change without notice. All information contained within this website should be verified with the appropriate Granite State College staff. Granite State College reserves the right to cancel, postpone, or combine class sections, to limit registrations, and to change instructors.
All efforts have been made by Granite State College to ensure the material on its website is accurate and up to date, but Granite State College, its agents, and its employees are not liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the possession, publication or use of or reliance upon that information. Material on this website is provided “as is” without express or implied warranty.
Online disclaimer: Students who reside outside of New Hampshire and plan to enroll in Granite State College certification programs are responsible for verifying that the program meets requirements for licensure for educator certification in their state.
Copyright PolicyGranite State College does not condone copyright infringement by faculty, administrators, staff, employees, or students. Each individual is solely responsible for obtaining permission from copyright holders to duplicate, or in any way reproduce, in part or in whole, materials held under copyright.
Copyright NoticeMaterial on this website is subject to copyright. Except for content that is unambiguously and unarguably in the public domain (i.e. out of copyright), only material owned by the Granite State College and so indicated, may be copied, in accordance with the following Copyright Procedures, provided that textual and graphical content are not altered and that the source is acknowledged. Granite State College reserves the right to revoke that permission at any time. Permission is not given for any commercial use or sale of this material. For purposes of the following Copyright Procedures, Material on this website is herein defined as a “book” within which are included “periodicals” and/or “newspapers”.
Copyright ProceduresGranite State College follows the guidelines for “Educational Fair Use” as stated in the United States Code #107. They are:
Single Copy for Teachers – A single copy may be made of the following by or for a teacher at his or her individual request for his or her scholarly research or use in teaching or preparation to teach a class: A chapter from a book; An article from a periodical or newspaper; A short story, short essay or short poem, whether or not from a collective work; A chart, graph, diagram, cartoon, or picture from a book, periodical, or newspaper.
Multiple Copies for Classroom Use – Multiple copies (not to exceed in any event more than one pupil in a course) may be made by or for a teacher giving the course for classroom use or discussion, provided that: The copying meets the tests for brevity and spontaneity as defined and; Meets the cumulative effect test as defined and; Each copy includes a notice of copyright. Definitions on what is allowable under the conditions of brevity, spontaneity and cumulative effect as well as specific prohibitions are available online from the U.S. Copyright Office. You may also obtain a printed copy of this information by visiting any Granite State College Campus or Administrative Center.
No other material anywhere on this website may be copied (except as legally allowed) or further disseminated without the express and written permission of the legal holder of that copyright.
Summary of Civil and Criminal Penalties for Violation of Federal Copyright LawsCopyright infringement is the act of exercising, without permission or legal authority, one or more of the exclusive rights granted to the copyright owner under section 106 through 122 of the Copyright Act (Title 17 of the United States Code). These rights include the right to reproduce or distribute a copyrighted work. In the file-sharing context, downloading or uploading substantial parts of a copyrighted work without authority is an infringement.
Civil and criminal penalties can be imposed for copyright infringement. In general, anyone found liable for civil copyright infringement may be ordered to pay either actual damages or “statutory” damages affixed at not less than $750 and not more than $30,000 per work infringed. For “willful” infringement, a court may award up to $150,000 per work infringed. A court can, in its discretion, also assess costs and attorneys’ fees. For details, see Title 17, United States Code, Sections 504, 505.
Willful copyright infringement can also result in criminal penalties, including imprisonment of up to five years and fines of up to $250,000 per offense.
Additional Information
Visit the U.S. Copyright Office for more information, including their Frequently Asked Questions.
Reserved RightsGranite State College reserves the right to vary without notice any material placed on this website.
Affirmative Action StatementGranite State College is a public institution with a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity for all. It does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, veteran’s status, disability, or marital status in admission or access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs or activities.
Privacy PolicyGranite State College values the privacy of your personal information. This policy outlines the College’s information gathering and dissemination practices.
Student Information
Student information is protected by the Federal Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA).
Personal Information
Personal information is unique information about you such as your name, address, phone number, and email address. The College does not collect personal information unless you voluntarily provide it by, for example, completing an application for admission or registering for a course. Once such information is collected, it is never sold to or shared with third parties unless 1) you have given permission, or 2) it is required in order to comply with state laws, federal law, or other legal processes.  Submitting a form on any Granite State College website constitutes your express written consent to receive e-mails, digital ads, texts, and phone messages from the College.
Non-personal Information
Non-personal information is information generally associated with your computer, such as its IP address and location. This information may be collected for internal purposes such as analyzing website usage and effectiveness, demographic analysis, and market trends. Like personal information, this is never sold to or shared with third parties except in the circumstances described above.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that maintain your preferences between browsing sessions. The College uses information stored in cookies to enhance and improve your experience with the website. Cookies may also store any personal information provided to the College. You may choose to adjust or disable cookies on your web browser, or notify you when a GSC website attempts to send you a cookie. This could, however, reduce the quality of your experience with the College’s website and student portal.
Google AdWords
The College uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Granite State College website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
Security
Granite State College follows industry-standard security measures, to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, including the use of encryption/security software. Please note that any emails you send to the College may not be secure or encrypted, so we recommend using caution when emailing sensitive information such as social security numbers.
Links to External Websites
The GSC website contains links to various third-party websites, such as the U.S. Department of Education. The College is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those websites.
Return to Homepage
AccreditationGranite State College is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education, one of six regional accreditors recognized by the United States Secretary of Education and by the Council on Higher Education Accreditation.
Accreditation of an institution of higher education by the Commission indicates that it meets or exceeds criteria for the assessment of institutional quality periodically applied though a peer review process. An accredited college or university is one which has available the necessary resources to achieve its stated purposes through appropriate educational programs, is substantially doing so, and gives reasonable evidence that it will continue to do so in the foreseeable future. Institutional integrity is also addressed through accreditation.
Accreditation by the Commission is not partial but applies to the institution as a whole. As such, it is not a guarantee of every course or program offered, or the competence of individual graduates. Rather, it provides reasonable assurance about the quality of opportunities available to students who attend the institution.
Inquiries regarding the accreditation status by the Commission should be directed to the administrative staff of the institution. Individuals may also contact:
New England Commission of Higher Education
3 Burlington Woods Drive, Suite 100, Burlington, MA 01803-4514
(781) 425 7785
Email: info@neche.org
About GSCMission
Accreditations and Achievements
News and Announcements
Merchandise
Careers
Type and Press “enter” to Search