http://www.kelley.iu.edu/privacy
Privacy Notice:
Kelley School of Business:
Indiana University
Skip to Content
Skip to Main Navigation
Skip to Search
Indiana University
Indiana University
IU
Menu
Search
Kelley School of Business
Home
Programs
Faculty & Research
Recruiters & Companies
Diversity
Alumni
About Us
Search
Centers & Institutes / Giving / Directory / News & Events
Full-Time MBA Program
HomeProgramsUndergraduateFull-Time MBAOnline MBAKelley/Manchester Global MBAOnline MS Degrees+Kelley3/2 MBAMS in AccountingMS in FinanceMS in Healthcare ManagementMSISPhDExecutive Degree ProgramsExecutive EducationIndianapolis ProgramsFaculty & ResearchResearch & PublicationsFaculty DirectoryDepartments & MajorsCenters & InstitutesCoursesRecruiters & CompaniesGraduate Career ServicesUndergraduate Career ServicesDiversityAlumniWho We AreGet InvolvedCareer & Professional DevelopmentAwardsEventsContact UsAbout UsDean's WelcomeAdministrationRankingsHow We SucceedKelley WomenSchool ProfileHistoryVisit BloomingtonVisit IndianapolisContactDirectorySocial Media DirectorySearch
HomePrivacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Kelley School of Business
Effective: 2015-10-16
Applicability
This privacy notice applies only to the Kelley School of Business (https://kelley.iu.edu/) and explains our practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of visitor information. Visitor information collected by Kelley School of Business will be used only as outlined in this privacy notice.
Other units at the university may collect and use visitor information in different ways. Therefore, visitors to other university websites should review the privacy notices for the particular sites they visit. Kelley School of Business is not responsible for the content of other websites or for the privacy practices of websites outside the scope of this notice.
Changes
Because Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly, Kelley School of Business may make appropriate changes to this notice in the future. Any such changes will be consistent with our commitment to respecting visitor privacy, and will be clearly posted in a revised privacy notice.
Collection and Use
Passive/Automatic Collection
When you view pages on our site, the web server automatically collects certain technical information from your computer and about your connection including:
your IP address
the domain name from which you visit our site
user-specific information on which pages are visited
aggregate information on pages visited
the referring website
the date and time of visit
the duration of visit
your browser type
your screen resolution
Continued use of our website indicates consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice.
This technical information is retained in detail; it may not have a current retention/deletion schedule.
Some technical information is retained in aggregate; it may not have a current retention/deletion schedule.
Active/Manual/Voluntary Collection
Other than automatically collected technical information about your visit (described above, or cookies, described below), we may ask you to provide information voluntarily, such as through forms or other manual input—in order to make products and services available to you, to maintain and manage our relationship with you, including providing associated services or to better understand and serve your needs. This information is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with us. Your providing this information is wholly voluntary. However, not providing the requested information (or subsequently asking that the data be removed) may affect our ability to deliver the products or service for which the information is needed. Providing the requested information indicates your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice. Information we may actively collect could include:
the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email
name
address
telephone number
information volunteered by the visitor, such as preferences, survey information and/or site registrations
Information Usage
This information is:
used for internal review and is then discarded
used to improve the content of our site
used to customize the content of our site
used to notify visitors about updates to our site
used by us to contact visitors for marketing purposes
Information Used For Contact
If you supply us with your postal/mailing address:
You will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, or would like to be added to our "do not share" list, please let us know by:
sending us an email at the listed address
Information Sharing
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations.
We do not share any personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations, except when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
Except as described above, we will not share any information with any party for any reason.
Except as provided in the Disclosure of Information section below, we do not attempt to use the technical information discussed in this section to identify individual visitors.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
In order to customize the information and services offered to you, our site uses cookies to:
store visitors preferences
record session information, such as items that visitors add to their shopping cart
record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit
alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site
record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site
ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads
customize web page content on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends
Children
This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children’s Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.
Use of Third Party Services
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies (described above) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy.
Additional Information Related to the Use of Third Party Services
This website utilizes advertising services provided by FoundSM, a web search marketing firm, contracted by the Kelley School of Business. For more information, please visit FoundSM's Privacy Policy. https://www.foundsm.com/privacy-policy/ The Kelley School of Business also partners with Caldwell VanRiper (CVR), an advertising agency. For more information, please visit CVR's Privacy Policy. https://www.cvrindy.com/terms-of-use/ This website utilizes advertising services provided by LinkedIn, an advertising firm, contracted by the Kelley School of Business. For more information, please visit LinkedIn's Privacy Policy. https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy The Kelley website also uses Siteimprove and its analytics heat-mapping tool. For more information about Siteimprove's Privacy Policy, visit https://siteimprove.com/en/privacy/
Disclosure of Information
Other than sharing your information with other appropriate university personnel and units to ensure the quality, functionality, and security of our website, or manage your relationship with us, we will not disclose personally identifiable information about your use of the site except under the following circumstances:
With your prior written (including email) consent
When we have given you clear notice that we will disclose information that you voluntarily provide
With appropriate external parties, such as law enforcement agencies, in order to investigate and respond to suspected violations of law or university policy. Any such disclosures shall comply with all applicable laws and university policies.
Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While Indiana University is committed to protecting user privacy, IU cannot guarantee the security of any information users transmit to university sites, and users do so at their own risk.
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Once we receive user information, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data being stored to maintain the security of that information on our systems.
We will comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding the privacy and security of user information.
Links to non-university sites
Indiana University is not responsible for the availability, content, or privacy practices of non-university sites. Non-university sites are not bound by this site privacy notice policy and may or may not have their own privacy policies.
Privacy Notice Changes
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
Only data collected from the time of the policy change forward will be used for these new purposes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us.
Kelley School of BusinessATTN: Kelley School of Business Marketing and Communications1275 E Tenth StreetBloomington, IN 47405business@indiana.edu812-855-8100
If you feel as though this site’s privacy practices differ from the information stated, you may contact us at the listed address or phone number.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated policy and communicating with the owner of this site does not resolve the matter, or if you have general questions or concerns about privacy or information technology policy at Indiana University, please contact the chief privacy officer through the University Information Policy Office, 812-855-UIPO, privacy@iu.edu.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Blog
Instagram
YouTube
Vimeo
Pinterest
Copyright © 2020 The Trustees of Indiana University, Copyright Complaints
Accessibility Help | Privacy Notice
Programs
Undergraduate
Full-Time MBA
Online MBA
Kelley/Manchester Global MBA
Online MS Degrees
+Kelley
3/2 MBA
MS in Accounting
MS in Finance
MS in Healthcare Management
MSIS
PhD
Executive Degree Programs
Executive Education
Indianapolis Programs
Faculty & Research
Research & Publications
Faculty Directory
Departments & Majors
Centers & Institutes
Courses
Recruiters & Companies
Graduate Career Services
Undergraduate Career Services
Diversity
Alumni
Who We Are
Board of Directors
Staff
Get Involved
Volunteer Opportunities
Give
Career & Professional Development
Awards
Events
Contact Us
About Us
Dean's Welcome
Administration
Rankings
How We Succeed
Chrissy Vasquez
Matt Boston
Masha Taylor
Matt Stryker
Andrew Lauck
Ryan Perry
Dave Hormuth
Kim Simios
Kelley Women
Dean's Welcome
Activities
Your Own True Success
About
Contact
Dean's Welcome
Activities
Your Own True Success
About
Contact
School Profile
History
Visit Bloomington
Visit Indianapolis
Contact
Directory
Social Media Directory
Giving
Individuals
Annual & Major Gifts
Indiana Tax Credit
Faculty and Staff Campaign
Student Campaign
Family Leadership Fund
Corporations & Foundations
Corporate Alliance Program & Donor Recognition
Contact
Give Now
Directory
News & Events
Experts
Events
Rankings
School Profile
Social Media Directory
Centers & Institutes
Find People