http://www.aimsedu.com/legal
Search(908) 222-0002DirectionsContactAIMSProgramsPrograms
MRI Technologist
Diagnostic Medical Sonography
Cardiovascular Technologist
Diagnostic Cardiac Sonography
Neurodiagnostic Technologist
Surgical Technologist
Endoscopy Technician
Sterile Processing Technician
Pharmacy Technician
Medical Billing and Coding
Medical Assistant
Cardiac Monitor Technician
EKG/Phlebotomy
Phlebotomy Technician
Neurodiagnostic Tech
Students in our CAAHEP accredited Neurodiagnostic technologist program learn how to record and study electrical activity in the brain and nervous system.
Learn more
AdmissionsAdmissions
Welcome to AIMS
Admission Process
Admission Requirements
International Students
Admissions Forms
Request Information
Schedule a Visit
Welcome to AIMS Education
AIMS offers students an immersive learning environment that will provide them with the knowledge and skills necessary for a successful career in healthcare.
Learn more
Tuition & Financial AidTuition & Financial Aid
Financial Aid
Financial Assistance Programs
Important Financial Aid Resources
Financial Aid FAQs
How to Create an FSA ID
Pell Grant
Stafford Direct Loan
Withdrawals & Return of Financial Aid
Debt Management & Exit Counseling
Pay Tuition Online
AIMS Scholarship Programs
Tuition Refund Policy
Financial Aid Forms
Net Price Calculator
Financial Aid
Our financial aid advisors are here to offer support and assistance to you on matters related to funding your education.
Learn more
Student ServicesStudent ServicesACADEMICS
Academic Calendar
School Catalog
Academic Standing Policy
Grading Policy
Documents and Forms
STUDENT SUPPORT
Career Services
Library
Testing Center
Community Support Services
Important Links
STUDENT RIGHTS
FERPA
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Students with Disabilities
Title IX Policy
Career Services
Having the proper resources to conduct a successful job search can make a big difference. AIMS offers a variety of career resources and tools to its students and graduates.
Learn more
BlogBlogAboutAbout
Accreditations and Approvals
History
Mission and Objectives
Core Values
Director's Office
The AIMS Experience
Student Spotlight
Graduate Spotlight
News and Events
Photo Gallery
Employment
Contact Us
The AIMS Experience
AIMS Education provides training for some of the most in-demand healthcare professions. Our goal is to see every student enjoy a successful career in the healthcare field.
Learn more
Open searchMenuSchedule a VisitLegal Terms and ConditionsAIMS Education Terms and Conditions
The American Institute of Medical Sciences & Education (AIMS) website, www.aimseducation.edu, is offered to you on the condition that you accept, without modification, our terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the “Terms”). Your use of this Site constitutes your complete agreement to all such Terms. AIMS makes no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this Site or other sites to which we link. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not permitted to use this Site.
Privacy Statement
Your use of this Site is subject to the AIMS Education Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy,which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices. When requesting information or scheduling an appointment, please provide accurate and complete information (including but not limited to your name, email address, phone number, etc.). Children 12 years old and younger may visit this Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Electronic Communication
Visiting this Site, sending emails, or filling out forms constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notice, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email, and/or on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our website may contain links to third party websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of AIMS Education and we are not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. AIMS Education is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by AIMS Education or any association with its operators.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
You are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to access and use AIMS Education strictly in accordance with these Terms. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to AIMS Education that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of AIMS Education or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes therto.
Use of Communication Services
The Site may contain bulletin boards, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive message and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
International Users
This Site is controlled, operated and administered by AIMS Education from our office within the USA.If you access the Site from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the AIMS Education content accessed through this Site in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless AIMS Education, its officers, directors, employees,agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including attorney’s fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules, or regulations. AIMS Education reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with AIMS Education in asserting any available defenses.
Liability Disclaimer
The information, software, and services included in or available through the Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. AIMS Education and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Site at any time.
AIMS Education and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, services, and related graphics contained on the Site for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. AIMS Education and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, services, and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
Termination/Access Restriction
AIMS Education reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in New Jersey in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and AIMS Education as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. AIMS Education’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of AIMS Education’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by AIMS Education with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herin, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and AIMS Education with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and AIMS Education with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
AIMS Education reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which the Site is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. AIMS Education encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Program:Endoscopy TechnicianSession start:JAN 4Program:Sterile Processing TechnicianSession start:JAN 4Program:Medical Billing and CodingSession start:JAN 11Program:EKG/Phlebotomy TechnicianSession start:JAN 11Program:Phlebotomy TechnicianSession start:JAN 11Program:Medical AssistantSession start:JAN 25Program:Diagnostic Medical SonographySession start:FEB 1Program:Cardiac Monitor TechnicianSession start:FEB 4Program:Pharmacy TechnicianSession start:FEB 22Program:Diagnostic Cardiac SonographySession start:MAR 1Program:Cardiovascular TechnologistSession start:MAR 1Program:Surgical TechnologistSession start:MAY 10Program:MRI TechnologistSession start:JUN 7Program:Neurodiagnostic TechnologistSession start:JUN 7Request InfoChat with usRequest informationCall usCampus visit
Admissions
Financial Aid
Academic Programs
Accreditation
Pay Tuition
Documents and Forms
Employment
Contact Us
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInInstagramPinterestMain Campus 4500 New Brunswick Ave. Piscataway, NJ 08854 (908) 222-0002 contact@aimseducation.eduEdison Center 2672 Woodbridge Ave. Edison, NJ 08837 (908) 222-0002 ext.400© 2020 AIMS EducationNotice of Non-DiscriminationProgram OutcomesDisclosuresPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use