http://www.mnprivatecolleges.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Minnesota Private Colleges
Skip to main content
Home
About MPCC
Giving
Research
Policy
Diversity
Login
Minnesota Private Colleges
MenuOur Value
Our Colleges
College Finder
How to Plan
How to Pay
Events & News
Home
About MPCC
Giving
Research
Policy
Diversity
Login
Search form
Search
Privacy Policy
The Minnesota Private College Council and the Minnesota Private College Fund respect your right to privacy and will keep confidential any personal information you share with us. We require some identification (name, address, email address, etc.) to provide you with information to help us serve your needs. Any personal information you provide is stored in a secure location and is accessible only to designated staff. We will not send you "spam" email or unsolicited commercial email or share your email address with any third party. In addition, we will provide you with the option to modify your information or unsubscribe from future communication. We value our relationship and want to ensure that it continues to flourish.How cookies are usedThis website uses cookies to allow us to analyze traffic to our site. No personal data is stored unless you create an account for Minnesota Private College Week (see below). Cookies can be deleted or blocked by changing the preference settings of your browser; look for an area named “privacy” or “security” and then an area named “cookies” or “content settings.”How information submitted during Minnesota Private College Week is usedThe information you submit during registration will only be shared with the institutions that you registered to visit. They may use this information to contact you about your upcoming visit or to provide additional information to you about their institutions.The Minnesota Private College Council — on behalf of our member colleges — may also email you about additional opportunities during the upcoming academic year, if you have opted in to receiving this communication.You may update your communication preferences using our online form. You may also request that the personal information you submitted during Minnesota Private College Week be deleted after the event.If you have questions about these policies or if you experience technical difficulties, please email colleges@mnprivatecolleges.org or call us 800-PRI-COLL.
Maps & Directions
For Members
For Current Students
For Media
For Employers
Publications
Contact Us
Connect with us
© 2020 Minnesota Private College Council.Privacy Policy