http://www.isminc.com/about-us/student-privacy-pledge
Skip to main content
Member Login
Cart
Search
Advisory
Virtual Consulting
Academic Leadership
Admission & Enrollment Management
Board of Trustees
Business & Operations
Fundraising & Development
Marketing Communications
School Head
Surveys
Parent, Applicant, and Attrition Surveys
Student and Alumni/ae Surveys
Employee and School Culture Surveys
Inclusion Survey Bundle
Certification
International Advancement Certification Program
Business Certification Program
Publications
Ideas & Perspectives
The Source
Research & Reports
E-Lists
Video Training
Bookstore
Insurance
Employee Benefits
Health Options
Consumer-Driven Health Savings Plans
Group Life and Disability Trust
State-Specific Health Consortiums
Student Benefits
U.S. Student Accident Insurance
Summer Program/Camp Insurance
International Student Accident & Sickness
Directors & Officers
Directors & Officers for Private Schools
Directors & Officers for Small Businesses
U.S. Agents & Brokers
Risk Management / Speciality Programs
Cyber Enterprise
Foreign Property and Casualty
Safety and Risk Assessment
Software
Events
School Year Workshops
Webinars
COVID-19
Become a Member
ISM/FAST Pledge to Safeguard Student Privacy
As a valued service provider for your school we are honored to be entrusted with information that is critical to support your educational needs and school operations.
We at ISM/FAST are committed to supporting your school's values and mission with integrity and respect. In so doing, it is critical that we build trust by effectively protecting the privacy of student information and communicating with parents about how student information is used and safeguarded. Therefore, we take responsibility to both support the effective use of student information and to safeguard student privacy and information security.
We pledge to carry out responsible stewardship and appropriate use of student personal information according to the commitments below and in adherence to all laws applicable to us as school service providers.
Our Commitment
We will not collect, maintain, use or share student personal information beyond that needed for authorized school purposes, or as authorized by the parent/student.
We will not sell student or parent’s personal information.
We will not use or disclose student information collected through our services for behavioral targeting of advertisements to students.
We will not build a personal profile of a student other than for supporting authorized educational/school purposes or as authorized by the parent/student.
We will not make material changes to our consumer privacy policies without first providing prominent notice to the educational institution, or the parent/student when the information is collected directly from the student with student/parent consent) and allowing them choices before data is used in any manner inconsistent with terms they were initially provided; and not make material changes to other policies or practices governing the use of student personal information that are inconsistent with contractual requirements.
We will not retain student personal information beyond the time period required to support the authorized school purposes, or as authorized by the parent/student.
We will collect, use, and retain student personal information only for purposes for which we were authorized by the educational institution or the parent/student.
We will disclose clearly in contracts or privacy policies, including in a manner easy for parents to understand, what types of student personal information we collect, and the purposes for which the information we maintain is used.
We will support access to and correction of student personally identifiable information by the student or their authorized parent, either by assisting the educational institution in meeting its requirements or directly when the information is collected directly from the student with student/parent consent.
We will maintain a comprehensive security program that is designed to protect the security, privacy, confidentiality, and integrity of student personal information against risks – such as unauthorized access or use, or unintended or inappropriate disclosure – through the use of administrative, technological, and physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
We will require that our vendors with whom student personal information is shared in order to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for the given student personal information.
We will allow a successor entity to maintain the student personal information, in the case of our merger or acquisition by another entity, provided the successor entity is subject to these same commitments for the previously collected student personal information.
Help Your School Thrive
ISM members receive access to exclusive, research-based strategies for every leadership division of your school. Take advantage of guidance, savings, and much more.
Become a member