https://www.doctorslounge.com/terms.htm
Home
Ask a Doctor
Professional
Author
Member
Medical Reference
Diseases
Symptoms
Labs
Procedures
Drugs
Medical Speciality
Cardiology
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Fertility
Gastroenterology
Gynecology
Hematology
Infections
Nephrology
Neurology
Oncology
Orthopedics
Pediatrics
Pharmacy
Primary Care
Psychiatry
Pulmonology
Rheumatology
Surgery
Urology
More ...
Terms and conditions of Use
Date of last update: 10/05/2017
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING
THIS SITE.
By using this site, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not
use this site!
Doctors Lounge may revise and update these Terms and Conditions
at any time. Your continued usage of Doctors Lounge website ("Doctors
Lounge," or the "Site," or "we") will mean you accept those changes.
Our Information.
We include a lot of information on
doctorslounge.com,
including articles, references, tools, continuing education for consumers,
medical professionals, and advertising. Please remember that some of the
information on doctorslounge.com is meant for adults who are licensed
healthcare professionals. While we hope you find it helpful, you should
remember that it is not meant to serve as a substitute for your own clinical
judgment as a healthcare professional. If you are a consumer who chooses
to use the professional-level information on doctorslounge.com, you
should not rely on that information as professional medical advice or
use it to replace any relationship with your physician or other qualified
healthcare professional. For medical concerns, including decisions about
medications and other treatments, consumers should always consult their
physician or, in serious cases, seek immediate assistance from emergency
personnel.
We follow a standard set of editorial procedures for information that
we put on doctorslounge.com. However, we don't offer you any warranty
or guarantee related to our Web site. We specifically disclaim any warranties,
express or implied, including implied warranties of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. It's your job to evaluate the information
and results from tools we provide. If you are a healthcare professional,
you should exercise your professional judgment in evaluating any information,
and we encourage you to confirm the information contained on our Web site
with other sources before undertaking any treatment based on it. If you
are a consumer, you should evaluate the information together with your
physician or another qualified healthcare professional.
Some information on our Web site comes from you or from other users.
We're not responsible for that information. Whether the information comes
from us or from you, we're not liable for any damages resulting from your
use of the information on our Web site.
Although we are selective about the organizations we link to, we don't
assume any responsibility for any Web sites that are linked to our site
or that you browse to after following a link from our site.
While we welcome your feedback on doctorslounge.com, we must make the
final decisions about the content that is posted on the site to make sure
it meets the needs of all our readers. You can use the contact link on
our home page to send us comments and criticisms, but if you are dissatisfied
with our response or with the contents of doctorslounge.com, your only
remedy is to stop using the Web site.
THE SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE.
The contents of the doctorslounge.com Site, such as text, graphics,
images, information obtained from doctorslounge.com's licensors, and
other material contained on the doctorslounge.com Site ("Content")
are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be
a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider
with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard
professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something
you have read on the doctorslounge.com Site!
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or
911 immediately. doctorslounge.com does not recommend or endorse any
specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information
that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided
by doctorslounge.com, doctorslounge.com employees, others appearing
on the Site at the invitation of doctorslounge.com, or other visitors
to the Site is solely at your own risk.
The Site may contain health- or medical-related materials that are
sexually explicit. If you find these materials offensive, you may not
want to use our Site.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. You should
be aware that this Site is not intended or designed to attract children
under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information
from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
USE OF CONTENT.
doctorslounge.com authorizes you to view or download a single copy
of the material on the doctorslounge.com Site solely for your personal,
noncommercial use if you include the following notice: "
(c) 2001-2007, Doctors Lounge,  All rights reserved" and other
and proprietary rights notices that are contained in the Content.
Any special rules for the use of certain software and other items accessible
on the doctorslounge.com Site may be included elsewhere within the
Site and are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference.
The Content is protected by under both United States and
foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with Doctors Lounge or
its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these
Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may
violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are
subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion
of doctorslounge.com. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved
to doctorslounge.com and its licensors.
If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to
use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy
any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
LIABILITY OF Doctors Lounge AND ITS LICENSORS.
The use of the doctorslounge.com Site and the Content is at your
own risk.
When using the doctorslounge.com Site, information will be transmitted
over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of
doctorslounge.com
and its suppliers. Accordingly, doctorslounge.com assumes no liability
for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of
any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the
doctorslounge.com Site.
The doctorslounge.com Site and the content are provided on an "as
is" basis. doctorslounge.com, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS,
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Without limiting
the foregoing, doctorslounge.com, its licensors, and its suppliers
make no representations or warranties about the following:
1. The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness
of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided
on or through the use of the doctorslounge.com Site or other
doctorslounge.com
services.
2. The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure
of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance
of any software tools with regard to the Content contained on the
doctorslounge.com
Site.
In no event shall doctorslounge.com, its licensors, its suppliers,
or any third parties mentioned on the doctorslounge.com Site be liable
for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential
damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting
from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or
inability to use the doctorslounge.com Site or the Content, whether
based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether
or not doctorslounge.com is advised of the possibility of such damages.
doctorslounge.com shall be liable only to the extent of actual
damages incurred by you, not to exceed U.S. $1000. doctorslounge.com
is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your
use or misuse of the Site, Content, or Public Areas (as defined below).
Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site, any Content,
or the Public Areas must be brought within one (1) year of the date of
the event giving rise to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms
and Conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided
for in these Terms and Conditions.
USER SUBMISSIONS.
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or
content of any type to the Public Areas (including message boards,
Ask a Doctor postings, etc.) that infringe or violate any rights of
any party. By submitting communications or content to the Public Areas,
you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any such submission you agree that you will not send
or transmit to doctorslounge.com by email, (including through the email
addresses listed on the "Contact Us" link) any communication or content
that infringes or violates any rights of any party. If you submit any
business information, idea, concept or invention to doctorslounge.com
by email, you agree such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
By submitting any information ("Information") to the Public
Areas of doctorslounge.com or to doctorslounge.com via email you
grant doctorslounge.com a royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable,
world-wide, nonexclusive right and license to: (i) use, reproduce,
create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate,
distribute, perform, and display the Information in all forms of
media and in any format, now known or hereinafter created; (ii)
grant sublicenses to the Information to third parties; and (iii)
transfer, sell, or lease the Information to third parties. Any
information that you do not wish to be treated as Information should
not be submitted to the Public Areas or to doctorslounge.com by
email.
PASSWORDS.
doctorslounge.com has several tools that allow you to record and
store information. For example, Doctors Lounge Medical Forums is a service that
allows you to record limited amounts of personal health information on
a voluntary basis on servers maintained by doctorslounge.com or on
its behalf. Doctors Lounge Medical Forums is structured to allow access only
to visitors with a valid password.
You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that
no unauthorized person shall have access to your doctorslounge.com
passwords or accounts. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the
dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (2) authorize,
monitor, and control access to and use of your doctorslounge.com account
and password; (3) promptly inform doctorslounge.com of any need to
deactivate a password. You grant doctorslounge.com and all other persons
or entities involved in the operation of the Site the right to transmit,
monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with
the operation of the Site. doctorslounge.com cannot and does not assume
any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, including
to Doctors Lounge Medical Forums, or your or third parties' use or misuse of
information transmitted or received using doctorslounge.com tools and
services, including Doctors Lounge Medical Forums.
doctorslounge.com MEMBER TO MEMBER AREAS ("PUBLIC AREAS").
If you use a Public Area, such as a chat room, bulletin board
(forum) or community
Ask A Doctor posting, Medical Forums, or other member communities, you are solely
responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those
communications, and your reliance on any communications found in the Public
Areas. doctorslounge.com is not responsible for the consequences of
any communications in the Public Areas. In cases where you feel threatened
or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law
enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency,
call your doctor or 911 immediately.
In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas, you agree
that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these
Terms and Conditions:
Using a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state,
national, or international laws;
Posting material that infringes on the intellectual property
rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
Posting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening,
harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other
person or entity as determined by doctorslounge.com in its sole discretion;
Posting advertisements or solicitations of business;
After receiving a warning, continuing to disrupt the normal flow
of dialogue, or posting comments that are not related to the topic being
discussed (unless it is clear the discussion is free-form);
Posting chain letters or pyramid schemes;
Impersonating another person;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including
email addresses, without their identification for posting or viewing
comments; consent;
Allowing any other person or entity to use your identification for
posting or viewing comments
Posting the same note more than once or "spamming"; or
Engaging in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other
person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Site, or which,
in the judgment of doctorslounge.com, exposes doctorslounge.com
or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of
any type.
doctorslounge.com reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do
any or all of the following:
Record the dialogue in public chat rooms.
Investigate an allegation that a communication(s) do(es) not conform
to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to
remove or request the removal of the communication(s).
Remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive,
or that otherwise fail to conform with these Terms and Conditions.
Terminate a user's access to any or all Public Areas and/or the
doctorslounge.com Site upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Monitor, edit, or disclose any communication in the Public Areas.
Edit or delete any communication(s) posted on the
doctorslounge.com
Site, regardless of whether such communication(s) violate these standards.
doctorslounge.com reserves the right to take any action it deems
necessary to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public.
doctorslounge.com has no liability or responsibility to users of
the doctorslounge.com Site or any other person or entity for performance
or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
Doctors Lounge Medical Forums
While the administrators and moderators of the forums will
attempt to remove or edit any generally objectionable material as
quickly as possible, it is impossible to review every message.
Therefore you acknowledge that all posts made to these forums
express the views and opinions of the author and not the
administrators, moderators or webmaster (except for posts by these
people) and hence will not be held liable.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous,
hateful, threatening, sexually-oriented or any other material that
may violate any applicable laws. Doing so may lead to you being
immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being
informed). The IP address of all posts is recorded to aid in
enforcing these conditions. You agree that the webmaster,
administrator and moderators of this forum have the right to remove,
edit, move or close any topic at any time should they see fit. As a
user you agree to any information you have entered above being
stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed
to any third party without your consent the webmaster, administrator
and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt
that may lead to the data being compromised.
This forum system uses cookies to store information on your local
computer. These cookies do not contain any of the personal
information you have entered while registering to become a member;
they serve only to improve your viewing pleasure. The e-mail address
is used only for confirming your registration details and password
(and for sending new passwords should you forget your current one).
ADVERTISEMENTS, SEARCHES AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES.
doctorslounge.com may provide links to third-party web sites.
doctorslounge.com
also may select certain sites as priority responses to search terms you
enter and doctorslounge.com may agree to allow advertisers to respond
to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content.
doctorslounge.com
does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party
websites. doctorslounge.com is not responsible for the content of linked
third-party sites, sites framed within the doctorslounge.com Site,
third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements,
and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy.
Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the
terms and conditions of use for such sites. doctorslounge.com does
not endorse any product advertised on the doctorslounge.com Site.
INDEMNITY.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold doctorslounge.com, its
officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless
from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements
including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting
from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
GENERAL.
Doctors Lounge is currently based in Cairo, Egypt.
doctorslounge.com
makes no claims that the Content is appropriate or may be downloaded.
Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain
countries. If you access the doctorslounge.com Site, you do so at your
own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these
Terms and Conditions for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions,
Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement.
JURISDICTION.
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with
doctorslounge.com, or in any way relating to your use of the
doctorslounge.com
Site, resides in the courts of Cairo, Egypt and you further agree and
expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts
of the Cairo, Egypt in connection with any such dispute including any
claim involving doctorslounge.com or its affiliates, subsidiaries,
employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers,
and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive
laws of Cairo, Egypt, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid
by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision
shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms
and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver
of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing
waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
LINKING TO US.
Usually, we don't mind if you have a simple link
from your Web site to ours. However, you must first ask our permission
if you intend to frame our site or incorporate pieces of it into a different
site or product in a way that is not clear to our users. You aren't allowed
to link to us if you engage in illegal, obscene, or offensive content,
or if the link in any way has a negative impact on our reputation.
COMPLETE AGREEMENT.
Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on the
doctorslounge.com Site, these Terms and Conditions and the
doctorslounge.com
Privacy Policy and Agreement constitute the entire agreement between you
and doctorslounge.com with respect to the use of the doctorslounge.com
Site, and Content.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the
doctorslounge.com
Site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this
website, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be directed
by electronic mail to
webmaster@doctorslounge.com.
We try to answer every email in a timely manner but are not always able
to do so.
Are you a Doctor, Pharmacist, PA or a Nurse?
Join the Doctors Lounge online medical community
Editorial activities: Publish, peer review, edit
online articles.
Ask a Doctor Teams: Respond to patient questions and
discuss challenging presentations with other members.
Doctors Lounge Membership Application
Tools & Services:
Follow us on Twitter |
RSS News |
Newsletter |
Contact us
Copyright © 2001-2017
Doctors Lounge.
All rights reserved.
Medical Reference:
Diseases |
Symptoms
Drugs |
Labs |
Procedures
Software |
Tutorials
Advertising
Links | Humor
Forum Archive
CME | Conferences
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Board
About us | Email