http://www.wordwareinc.com/includes/privacy_policy.html
Wordware, Inc. - Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 6/14/2017
Our Commitment to Privacy
Wordware, Inc. (“Wordware”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is the owner and operator of this
website. Your privacy is important to us. Our services provide schools, school
districts, hospitals, and businesses with payment solutions for their food
service, fees, activities, transportation, before-and-after-school programs, and
other similar programs. Wordware, its affiliated partners, and their respective
products and services, represent a unified solution to manage online payment,
point-of-sale, online free-reduced lunch applications, and powerful reporting.
We are committed to protecting personally identifiable information that you may
provide us through our website. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain
what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information,
and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors to our website, our customers who
create an account, and anyone else who accesses or uses our products and
services. WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE,
IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE.
What information do we collect?
Personally Identifiable Information. When you register on the website, you must
set up an account with us. We collect and store personally identifiable
information about you – such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone
number, and data associated with your payment method (credit card or bank
account information) – as part of the account set-up process. We also collect
personal financial information where required as part of our services. We
collect transaction and experience information, such as information necessary to
any transactions with us, webinars or tutorials viewed, or documentation about
our products and services you have downloaded, as well as information about our
communications with you. We need this information to provide the products and
services that you request from our website and to let you know of additional
products and services about which you might be interested.
Non-personally Identifiable Information. We automatically collect certain
non-personally identifiable information when you visit our website, such as the
following:
• Log data: Our servers automatically record information when you use our
website, such as your IP address, the type of browser you are using and its
settings, the third party website you visited immediately prior to accessing our
website, the operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet
service provider, the search terms you use on our website, the specific website
pages you visit, and the duration of your visits.
Cookie data: Like many websites, we use “cookies” to obtain certain types of
information when your web browser accesses our website. Cookies are small files
that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive
through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service
providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain
information. Some of the cookies we use are associated with your account with us
(including personal information about you), and other cookies are not. We may
use “session cookies” (cookies that last until you close your browser) or
“persistent cookies” (cookies that last until you or your browser delete them).
Examples of the information we collect and analyze from cookies include your
activity on our website, including the URL you come from and go to next (whether
this URL is on our site or not). Remember that the cookies that we use do not
contain and are not tied to personally identifiable information. We use cookies
to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. If you prefer,
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent,
or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most
websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function
properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by
contacting customer service.
Experience data. We may collect other information that is voluntarily provided
by you from time to time if you respond to surveys, polls or questionnaires,
and/or website registration forms. Such information may include personal
preferences, opinions and experiences with our products and services, and may be
provided anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
1. To personalize your experience.
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
2. To improve our website.
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information
and feedback we receive from you.
3. To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service
requests and support needs.
4. To process transactions.
Your information, whether personally identifiable or non-personally
identifiable, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other
company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the
express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
5. To send periodic e-mails.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to
inquiries, offer promotions, and/or respond to other requests or questions. We
will use your contact information to contact you regarding your interest in our
products and services, and to provide administrative notices and communications
relevant to your use of our website and our products and services.
6. Improvement of the website.
We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways, such as to
analyze website traffic (such as aggregated information on the pages visited by
our users), which allows us to improve the design and content of our website. We
may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it
with information we have obtained from others to analyze our products and
services. We may also link your IP address to your personal information but only
if there are issues relating to the origin of a payment transaction.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your
personal information: When you place an order or enter, submit, or access your
personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information
is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into
our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized
with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the
information confidential. Login and password protection, multiple firewalls,
multiple layers of data encryption and an intrusion detection system are all
used to protect your data. We cannot, however, guarantee or warrant the security
of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible
for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally
identifiable information. We recommend that you take steps to protect the
privacy and security of your personal and payment information and your activity
while using the internet, as well as your account access information.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security
numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on Wordware servers.
When do we disclose information to other parties?
With your consent. By using our services, you consent to our sharing your
personally identifiable information with our service providers, partners, and
affiliates, as necessary, to complete your payment transaction or for other
services you have registered for.
With Schools, Businesses, Hospitals, and our other Institutional Customers
(“collectively “Customers”) and as may be directed by such Customers. We partner
with our Customers to deliver our services. We have entered into a separate
agreement with our Customers for this purpose. We will share your personally
identifiable information with our Customers to fulfill our legal and contractual
obligations to them. In addition, we will share your personally identifiable
information as directed by such Customer. In some cases, our services may work
with non-Wordware software and services that are used by our Customers
(“Non-Wordware Software”). When Non-Wordware Software is operated by a third
party on a Customer’s behalf, we may disclose your personally identifiable
information to that third-party software provider at the Customer’s request. For
example, our services have been designed to work with several third party data
management systems. If the Customer requests, we will send and receive data
(which may include your personally identifiable information) to the provider of
that data management system so that our services and that system can operate
together.
Under no circumstances will we sell or use personally identifiable information
for marketing or other commercial purposes.
With Third Party Providers. We will share your personally identifiable
information outside of our organization with third party providers to deliver
our services, as follows:
• with our agents and contractors to achieve successful completion of your
payment transaction;
• in the case of an application we are processing for you, with specially
authorized persons within your school or school district; or
• to assist in providing support for our operations.
In addition, we may employ third parties to process personal information on our
behalf for the installation of new software or for security testing of our
systems based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Under no circumstances will we share, rent or sell personally identifiable
information for commercial purposes.
Email communications. If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may
use your email address to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save
your questions or comments for future reference. We may email you:
• to process your payments and send you payment receipts,
• if you request a service or sign up for a feature that involves email
communications,
• information relating to our products and services that you use (e.g., product
updates, customer support, etc.),
• information about our other products and services,
• updates to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, or any additional terms
that may govern your use of all of part of our Services, or
• where you have consented to being contacted by email.
You may unsubscribe from receiving future commercial email communications from
us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of any marketing
emails we send, or by emailing us as provided in the Contact Us section below.
However, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer
service communications on the products you have purchased. For security reasons,
we do not recommend that you send personal information, such as passwords,
social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email.
Transfer of Assets. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or
purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of
our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personally
identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by
this acquiring entity. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is
brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of
ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Where required by law. We reserve the right to disclose any personally
identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are
required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual
property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to:
(a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law
or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our
website, or other customers; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and
safety of our website’s customers or the general public.
What Choices Do You Have About Your Account and Our Use of Your Information?
Our goal is to provide you with simple and meaningful choices about how your
information is used. If you are a customer, you control your choices by your
selections when you set up your account with us, for example to control the
email you receive from us. Your account information will be retained in our
database and maintained for future orders or transactions and as required under
applicable law, rules, and/or regulations. It is your responsibility to ensure
that the account information is accurate and you should update the information
as necessary. We do retain information concerning transactions other than
personally identifiable information. For example, we retain non-personally
identifiable data concerning the number, frequency, size and purpose of
transactions.
You have a right to inspect and review your account information, including your
personally identifiable information. If you request it, we will provide you with
a copy of your account information.
Closing your account
If you choose to discontinue your use of the services we provide, you should
notify us and we will inactivate your account. Any data concerning your past
transactions or account activity will no longer be available and will be stored
in a secure manner. We are legally required to maintain a backup copy of such
transaction data for 13 months after the transaction was completed. Thereafter,
the copies of data you have provided with any transactions you complete through
use of our products are removed from our website and securely destroyed. We do
not control how our partners retain, store and destroy data that they have
obtained access to from third parties in connection with completing your
transactions. You should check their websites for more information on their
practices.
Children Under 13
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our website.
The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our website requiring
the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for
children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under
the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable
information to us please contact us at info@wordwareinc.com. A parent or
guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such
child’s personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our
website and not to information collected offline.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above. If we decide to
change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on the website and provide
further communication as required by law. We suggest that you review this
Privacy Policy periodically.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding: (a) questions or comments about our
Privacy Policy; (b) corrections to any personally identifiable information you
have provided; (c) your desire to opt-out from receiving future commercial
correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d)
your wish to close your account, please contact us using the information below.
We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the
requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Keep
in mind, however, that residual information may remain within our databases,
access logs and other records for a limited time, as may be required by
applicable laws and regulations, which may or may not contain your personally
identifiable information. Please also note that we may not be able to fulfill
certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of
our website. You may contact us as follows:
School Admin
2526 Northland Dr,
Mendota Heights, MN 55120
E-Mail: info@wordwareinc.com
Phone: 1-800-955-2649