http://www.delhi.edu/mydelhi/cis/policies/website-privacy/index.php
Skip Main Navigation
COVID-19 Updates & Campus Information
Website Privacy Policy
Mydelhi
Computer Information Systems
SUNY Delhi Technology Policies
Web Site Privacy Policy
SUNY Delhi Technology Policies
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Web Site Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Delhi's Commitment to Privacy
At the State University of New York (SUNY) College of Technology at Delhi, we are
committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for individuals
and businesses to interact with SUNY Delhi. We recognize that it is critical for individuals
and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit www.delhi.edu.
You can travel through most of www.delhi.edu without giving us any information about
yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and
this commitment to privacy explains our online information practices.
SUNY Delhi does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide
that information voluntarily by sending an email or completing the online application.
This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy
Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit www.delhi.edu
When visiting www.delhi.edu, SUNY Delhi automatically collects and stores the following
information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that accessed our Website
The type of browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser is
running
The Web page from which the user accessed the current Web page
The date and time of the user's request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each page
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal information
by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve www.delhi.edu's
content and to help SUNY Delhi understand how users are interacting with its Website.
This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information
is of most and least interest to our users. The information is not collected for commercial
marketing purposes and SUNY Delhi is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose
the information collected from www.delhi.edu for commercial marketing purposes.
Information Collected When You Email www.delhi.edu or Complete a Transaction
During your visit to www.delhi.edu, you may send an email to SUNY Delhi. Your email
address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected
is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information
formats included in the message. Your email address and the information included in
your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve
this Website, or to forward your message to another SUNY campus for appropriate action.
Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes and SUNY Delhi is not
authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your email address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to www.delhi.edu, you may complete a transaction such as clicking
on the ‘online application,' which sends you to the website http://www.suny.edu/Student/Apply/Apply.cfm.
This is a SUNY application, which is sent to SUNY Delhi. The information collected
by SUNY Delhi, including personal information volunteered by you in completing the
transaction, is used by SUNY Delhi and may be disclosed by SUNY Delhi for those purposes
that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in
which the information was submitted.
SUNY Delhi does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the
age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned,
however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an email will be
treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access
by federal or state law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of Information Collected through this Website
The collection of information through www.delhi.edu and the disclosure of that information
are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. SUNY Delhi
will only collect personal information through www.delhi.edu or disclose personal
information collected through www.delhi.edu if the user has consented to the collection
or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information
to SUNY Delhi by the user constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of
the information by SUNY Delhi for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information
to SUNY Delhi.
However, SUNY Delhi may collect or disclose personal information without consent if
the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of
SUNY Delhi, or necessary for SUNY Delhi to operate a program authorized by law, or
authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court
order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4)
information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot
be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected
through www.delhi.edu is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law
and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
SUNY Delhi may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities
to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access
to the information technology assets of SUNY Delhi.
Retention of Information Collected through this Website
The information collected through www.delhi.edu is retained by SUNY Delhi in accordance
with the records retention and disposition requirements of the New York State Arts
& Cultural Affairs Law. Information on the requirements of the Arts & Cultural Affairs Law may be found here. In general, the Internet services logs of SUNY Delhi, comprising electronic files
or automated logs created to monitor access and use of Agency services provided through
www.delhi.edu, are retained for 21 business days and then destroyed. Information concerning
these records retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet
privacy policy contact listed in this policy.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected through www.delhi.edu
Any user may submit a request to SUNY Delhi 's Privacy Compliance Officer to determine
whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through www.delhi.edu.
Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof
of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of
a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar
appropriate identification. The address of the Privacy Compliance Officer is:
Privacy Compliance OfficerOffice of Information Systems 331 Bush HallState University of New York College of Technology at DelhiDelhi, NY 13753
The Privacy Compliance Officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt
of a proper request: provide access to the personal information; deny access in writing,
explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing,
stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date
shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that SUNY Delhi has collected personal information pertaining to a user
through www.delhi.edu and that information is to be provided to the user pursuant
to the user's request, the Privacy Compliance Officer shall inform the user of his
or her right to request that the personal information be amended or corrected under
the procedures set forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected through www.delhi.edu
SUNY Delhi is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected through
www.delhi.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, SUNY Delhi
limits employee access to personal information collected through www.delhi.edu to
only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their
official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate
procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
In addition, SUNY Delhi has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its
information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization,
monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated
into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of www.delhi.edu as part
of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the
electronic transmission of information.
For Website security purposes and to maintain the availability of www.delhi.edu for
all users, SUNY Delhi employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage www.delhi.edu.
Cookies
The SUNY Delhi website, www.delhi.edu, and associated pages uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by
Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed
on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address)
will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google
will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling
reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating
to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information
to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process
the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with
any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the
appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you
may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website,
you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the
purposes set out above.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving
business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information
provided through www.delhi.edu.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact our Privacy Compliance
Officer via email at privacy@delhi.edu or by regular mail at:
Privacy Compliance OfficerOffice of Information Systems 331 Bush HallState University of New York College of Technology at Delhi Delhi, NY 13753
Definitions
The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy:
Personal information: For purposes of this policy, “personal information” means any information concerning
a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier,
can be used to identify that natural person.
User: shall have the meaning set forth in subdivision 8 of section 202 of the State Technology
Law.
Apply Now
Visit Us
Related Info
Help Desk
Vancko Hall
Confluence
Connect to Us
Contact InfoHelp Desk
P: 607-746-4835
F: 607-746-4300
E: helpdesk@delhi.edu
©