http://www.neosho.edu/privacystatement.aspx
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Neosho County Community College is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Neosho County Community College site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Neosho County Community College site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Neosho County Community College collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Neosho County Community College also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Neosho County Community College. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Neosho County Community College for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Neosho County Community College site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Neosho County Community College public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Neosho County Community College does not read any of your private online communications.
Neosho County Community College encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Neosho County Community College so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Neosho County Community College is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Neosho County Community College and Neosho County Community College family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Neosho County Community College collects and uses your personal information to operate the Neosho County Community College Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Neosho County Community College also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Neosho County Community College and its affiliates. Neosho County Community College may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Neosho County Community College does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Neosho County Community College may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Neosho County Community College may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Neosho County Community College, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Neosho County Community College does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Neosho County Community College keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Neosho County Community College, in order to determine what Neosho County Community College services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Neosho County Community College to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Neosho County Community College Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Neosho County Community College or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Neosho County Community College; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Neosho County Community College, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Neosho County Community College Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Neosho County Community College pages, or register with Neosho County Community College site or services, a cookie helps Neosho County Community College to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Neosho County Community College Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Neosho County Community College features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Neosho County Community College services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Neosho County Community College secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Neosho County Community College secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Neosho County Community College will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Neosho County Community College encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Neosho County Community College is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Neosho County Community College welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Neosho County Community College has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Neosho County Community College at webhelp@neosho.edu. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Academics and Services
Adult Basic Education-GED
Alumni & Foundation
Athletic Training
Business
Career and Technical Education
Computers
Course Syllabi
Developmental Education
Elementary & Secondary Education
English
Fine & Performing Arts
Health Care
Human Resources
Kids College
Library Services
Lifetime Learning
Mathematics
Science
Social Science & History
TriO
Prospective Students
Admissions
Community Information
Concurrent/Dual Credit
Financial Aid
Housing
International Students
Kansas Seamless Transfer
Military Information and Articulation
NCCC Profile
Safety and Security
Student Clubs & Organizations
Students Right to Know
Welcome to NCCC
Athletics
myNeosho
Contact
A-Z
A-B
C-D
E-F
G-H
I-J
K-L
M-N
O-P
Q-R
S-T
U-V
W-X
Y-Z