http://www.becker.edu/about/becker-college-information-privacy-statement/
Becker College Information Privacy Statement
Scope:
Becker exercises care and prudence in the handling of personal information collected via www.becker.edu and its various sub-domains, and conducts its business in ways that demonstrate respect for personal privacy. This privacy statement applies to the www.becker.edu domain, and administrative applications used for e-commerce linked to www.becker.edu, and not to internal and/or external websites that might be linked to or from it. Becker’s websites may contain links to other websites. Becker is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites. We reserve the right to revise our privacy policy as changing circumstances and evolving technology standards require. Such changes will be posted to this site.
Our Information Collection Practices:
Personal information about you is not gathered when you visit the Becker College website unless you choose to supply information to us. Becker makes use of conventional online data entry forms to collect personal information from web visitors who choose to identify themselves for purposes of transacting e-commerce or receiving products, services or information.
Department websites that collect data of any type are required to abide by, and provide a link to, Becker’s information privacy statement. We request no more information than is required to fulfill the purpose for which the information is being collected.
We support Becker-hosted applications that collect data for e-commerce purposes. We also maintain partnerships with selected vendors to process e-commerce transactions on our behalf. These e-commerce transactions are secured with SSL and maintain high standards of privacy, to which approved sub-contracting vendors are also held.
Becker’s website neither targets persons who are less than 13 years of age nor knowingly collects personal information online from them.
Site Usage Statistics:
Becker leverages third party vendors to help collect anonymous visitor data in order to generate aggregate statistics that help us understand how visitors use our site. This data is used for purposes of analyzing website traffic, managing the site, and providing accountability regarding the usefulness of posted information.
This information may include: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time of your visit, the page/s you visit, the length of your visit and your computing platform.
How We Use Your Information:
We use the information you submit to provide you with the product or service you requested, consistent with the purpose for which the information was collected.
We may on occasion disclose statistical information to third parties in an aggregate, anonymous form.
At present, Becker does not make alternate uses of information collected through e-commerce transactions. But in the future, we may elect to send you information about the institution, its programs and events.
We do not share, trade, or sell personal information to third parties without your consent except
in limited ways as required by law, and
with sub-contractors engaged by us to provide services, and
for purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We do not combine web traffic analysis information with personal information such as name, age, phone number and mailing address.
Important Technical Information:
Becker follows industry-standard precautions and procedures in the transmission and storage of electronic data. When you make online payments, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) server software in conjunction with your SSL-enabled-browser software prevents unauthorized access to the information you submit by encrypting it during transmission. While we remain committed to protecting the privacy of our users, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. We do so by using secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access.
Accuracy of Information:
All information provided on the official Becker website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between the institution and any other person or entity otherwise specified.
Although every reasonable effort is made to present current and accurate information and to monitor web content for compliance with institutional policy, Becker makes no guarantees of any kind, nor does it take institutional responsibility for undetected, noncompliant conditions created without its knowledge or consent and in violation of its policy.
Information on www.becker.edu is subject to change without prior notice.
Your Choices:
You are not required to provide personal information to visit our website.
If you choose to provide personal information such as your e-mail address, mailing address or phone number, Becker may contact you.
If you receive unwanted contacts and wish to be excluded from future such contacts, please inform us at the e-mail address below, specifying the source and providing a description of the unwanted materials. We will notify the appropriate office accordingly.
If you see a photo of yourself on www.becker.edu which you would like removed, please contact marketing@Becker.edu.
Becker encourages you to take advantage of settings within web browsers to disable all or certain cookies and to utilize other tools that enhance user privacy on the Internet.
In the course of doing business, Becker performs numerous administrative functions and services via its website and reserves the right to require participation in them by students and staff.
For additional information on Becker’s privacy information practices, including our data classification policies, please visit the information privacy website.
Effective Date: 12/15/11
How to Contact Us: webmaster@Becker.edu
Spring 2021 PlansClick here