http://www.cambridgecollege.edu/cambridge-college-privacy-notice
Skip to main content
COVID-19 Updates
Updated December 7, 2020
Cambridge College will continue remote learning and teaching through Spring 2021 term. The health and safety of our students, faculty, staff and community are important to us. Please see our updates regarding COVID-19 protocols and campus plans.
Cambridge College
Search
Menu
Search form
Search
About Cambridge College
Overview
CC Difference
Mission & Values
Honors & Recognition
Accreditation
Office of the President
Administration
Locations
Faculty Overview
Faculty and Staff Directory
Employment
News & Events
Maps & Directions
Contact Us
Academic Programs
Overview
Online Programs at NEIB
Online Programs at CC
School of Undergraduate Studies
School of Education
School of Management
School of Psychology & Counseling
Center for Professional & Executive Development
Business Development
EMT-Basic Program
SHRM Certification
Title III - Strengthening Institutions Grant
Alumni & Friends
Welcome
Stay Connected
Get Involved
Make a Gift
Alumni Profiles
Student Perspectives
Alumni Events
Commencement 2020
Offices & Resources
Offices
Academic Affairs
Admissions
Bursar
Business Operations
Marketing, Communications & Public Relations
Financial Aid
Financial Services
Human Resources
Information Technology
Institutional Advancement
International Students
Partnerships
Registrar
Research, Planning and Effectiveness
Space Rentals
Student Affairs
Resources
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Academic Policies & Procedures
Center for Career and Professional Development
Center for Excellence in Learning and Teaching
IT Support Options
Library Services
Military Students
New Students
Student Forms
Student Rights, Complaints & Grievances
Login
My CC Home Page
Student & Faculty/Gmail
Staff & Faculty/Office365 OWA
e-Helpdesk
Undergrad Programs
Bachelor's Degrees
Criminal Justice
Cybersecurity
Early Childhood Ed
Finance
Health Care Management
Human Services
Human Services Management
Management Studies
Managerial Accounting
Marketing and Sales
Multidisciplinary Studies
Natural & Applied Science
Psychology
Wellness & Health
Certificates
Alcohol & Drug Counseling
Information Security & Risk Management Certificate
Network Security Certificate
Concentrations
Admissions
Admissions
High School Students
Transferring Credits
Financial Aid
Tuition & Fees CC-Online 2020-21
Getting Your Company to Help
School of Education Admissions Requirements
School of Management Admissions Requirements
School of Psychology & Counseling Admissions Requirements
School of Undergraduate Studies Admissions Requirements
Academic Calendar 2020-2021 CC-Online
Academic Calendar 2020-21 PR
Applying
Why CC
Overview
Alumni Profiles
Student Perspectives
Center for Career and Professional Development
Cambridge College
Cambridge College Privacy Notice
Commitment to Privacy
All faculty and staff with access to student records are responsible for upholding student privacy rights in accordance with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA). As such Cambridge College values individuals’ privacy and actively seeks to preserve the privacy rights of those who share information with us. Your trust is important to us and we believe you have the right to know how information submitted through the college web site is handled. This privacy notice describes Cambridge College’s information practices, solely related to Cambridge College Website(s), not for information collected offline.
In this notice, when we talk about “Personally Identifiable Information", we are referring to any information that relates to you as an identifiable natural person such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number etc.
Privacy Notice
The following information explains the Internet privacy practices Cambridge College has adopted for its official website. However, it shall not be construed as a contractual promise, and the College reserves the right to amend it at any time without notice. Privacy obligations of the College are governed by applicable state statutes and U.S. federal laws.
Your Consent
Please read this Notice carefully. By accessing and using our website, you are acknowledging that you have read, understood, and agree to the provisions in this notice. Do not use our website if you don't agree with the information contained herein.
The Information We Collect
When you access official Cambridge College webpages, certain client information and essential and nonessential technical information (collectively referred to as access information) listed below is automatically collected. No other information is collected through our official website except when you deliberately send it to us (for example, by clicking a link to send us an e-mail). Examples of the information you might choose to send us are listed below as “optional information.”
Accessing Information
We use Anonymous Information to analyze the effectiveness and use of our website, to evaluate and improve our website and our programs, and for other Cambridge College business.
We may share Anonymous Information with third parties for these purposes. When you visit another website, third party vendors like Google Analytics may use Anonymous Information obtained from our website to place ads for Cambridge College on the other websites you visit.
Here are some of the ways that we will collect Anonymous Information about you:
IP Addresses, Logs: Cambridge College may automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), your computer's name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses, page views (hit counts), and other log information.
Cookies: A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Tags: We may use so-called "pixel tags"—small graphic images (also known as "web beacons" or "single-pixel GIFS").
Click-Through(s): We may send email messages to you which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on our website. When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data.
For more information about Google Analytics, see Google's terms of service and privacy policy. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's ads settings. To adjust or opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting on Facebook, please see Facebook's page on ads.
Optional information
Further personal information that we collect may be collected by the College from email communications, including all the data you choose to fill in or confirm on our Learning Management Systems (LMS).  This may include credit or debit card information if you are ordering a product or making a payment, as well as information about other people if you are providing it for delivery purposes, etc.
Here are some examples of the ways that you may provide and we will collect about you:
Admissions Forms:  In many cases, you may apply to our programs online through our website.
Alumni Connections:  Our graduates can stay connected with each other and Cambridge College through our website.
E-mail: your name, e-mail address, and the content of your e-mail.
Requests for Information: Some areas of our website may allow you to submit a request for information or to otherwise contact us with inquiries regarding our programs.
Social Media Platforms
We maintain presences on social media platforms including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. Any information you post on a social media platform is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. Please be aware that Cambridge College is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
Posting Photos, Testimonial, Feedback, Reviews, and Blogs
The testimonial/feedback sections of the Site are for the purpose of sharing positive experiences and providing feedback about the Site. The testimonial/feedback sections are moderated to ensure accurate testimonial/feedback. Published testimonial/feedback are genuine and are not edited or altered by Cambridge College. Cambridge College reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial/feedback at its discretion.
By posting on the Site, you give us permission to reprint or use the post in connection with our business. You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the post will be at our discretion and without compensation; (2) We may use the post with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; (3) Our right to use the post is perpetual and may be assigned by us; (4) We may use the post locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the post.
Please note that any information you include in a post may be read, collected, and used by anyone.
The Way We Use Information
As a general rule, Cambridge College does not track individual visitor profiles. We do, however, analyze aggregate traffic/access information for resource management and site planning purposes. Cambridge College reserves the right to use log detail to investigate resource management or security concerns.
We will share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties only if either (a) you give us your express consent OR (b) in any of the following circumstances:
Cambridge College Website Vendors:  We may employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or maintaining the website, providing services related to the website, collecting information, responding to and sending electronic mail, texting, or other functions necessary or desirable for our institution. We’ll provide vendors with only that information necessary to perform their functions, and we won’t allow them to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose.
Cambridge College Vendors:  We may employ other companies to perform other services on our behalf. These services may include identifying and evaluating visitors to our website and the programs and services you and other visitors use or express interest in, or to conduct surveys. From time to time, our vendors may contact you directly on our behalf. We’ll provide vendors with only that information necessary to perform their functions and we will not allow them to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose. Additionally, we require our vendors to attest that their systems meet required data protection standards.
Legal:  Cambridge College will reveal your Personally Identifiable Information to the extent we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law.
Cambridge College Policies: Cambridge College will reveal your Personally Identifiable Information to the extent we reasonably believe it is necessary to enforce any of our policies.
Access Information
Client information is used to route the requested webpage to your computer for viewing. In theory, the requested webpage and the routing information could be discerned by other entities involved in transmitting the requested page to you. We do not control the privacy practices of those entities.
We may keep client information from our systems indefinitely after the webpage is transmitted, but we do not cross-reference it to the individuals who browse our website. However, logs of access information are retained to permit a security investigation. In such cases the logs may be further analyzed or forwarded together with any other relevant information in our possession to law enforcement agencies.
We also use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may determine that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out a particular registration form. But we do not disclose information that could identify those specific individuals.
Optional Information
Optional information enables us to provide services or information tailored more specifically to your needs, to forward your message or inquiry to another entity that is better able to do so, and to plan website improvements.
We use the information you provide about yourself or about someone else when placing a request for service only to complete that order or request. We do not share this information with outside parties, except to the extent necessary to complete that order or request.
We generally use return e-mail addresses only to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are generally not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties except to fulfill your request.
Opting Out
Opt-Out:
If we choose to send you news, bulletins, marketing materials, or other information about Cambridge College by email, we’ll provide you with the ability to decline—or "opt-out of"—receiving such electronic communications.
Updating and Deleting Information:
You can contact us to change or update your Personally Identifiable Information. You can also request that we remove your name and all other Personally Identifiable Information from our databases.
Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. You may not remove Anonymous Information or aggregate data from our databases.
Our Commitment To Data Security
Cambridge College is dedicated to preventing unauthorized data access, maintaining data accuracy, and ensuring the appropriate use of information. We strive to put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to secure the information we collect online.
This website has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Read our Data Security Policy to learn what steps we take to protect your Personally Identifiable Information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 4, 2018. From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy, and your use of our website will be governed by the new Policy.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies and practices, please call us at (617) 873-0171.
Communications or Complaints
Any communications related to this privacy statement, including questions or complaints, should be directed to officeofpublicrelations@cambridgecollege.edu.
Apply
Request Info
Attend Session
Give to CC
Connect with us
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Locations
Boston
Lawrence
Online
Puerto Rico
Southern California
Springfield
About CC
Overview
CC Difference
Mission & Values
Honors & Accreditation
Administration
Employment
Maps & Directions
Contact Us
Academic Programs
Overview
School of Undergraduate Studies
School of Education
School of Management
School of Psychology & Counseling
Offices & Resources
Academic Catalog
Student Consumer Information
Get Info
Apply
Request Information
Alumni & Friends
Overview
Downloads
Legal
College Policies
IRB
Privacy Notice
Stay Connected
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cambridge College • 500 Rutherford Avenue • Boston, MA • 02129 • USA •
Map1 (800) 877-4723Main Switchboard, 1 (800) 877-4723
Copyright © 2013 by the President and Trustees of Cambridge College
Cambridge College is accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education. The College and all its degree programs are authorized by the Massachusetts Board of Higher Education. The College is authorized to operate and offer selected degree programs in their states by the California Bureau for Private Post-Secondary and Vocational Education, the Council on Higher Education of Puerto Rico, and is also recognized by the Puerto Rico Department of Education.
Apply
for Admission
Apply Now to Cambridge College
"Our goal is to make applying to Cambridge College as simple and efficient as possible. If you have questions regarding our programs, the application process, or the status of your application, please don't hesitate to contact us at 1-800-829-4723.
Your life experience is valued in our classrooms, and we welcome you to Cambridge College. It is our hope that your experience here will lead you to a socially responsible and personally fulfilling career. Let’s get started!"
Mark RotondoVP, Innovation & Strategic Initiatives
close
Request
Information
close
Attend an
Info Session
Attend an Info Session
0
Cambridge College BostonCambridge College LawrenceCambridge College SpringfieldCambridge College Southern CaliforniaCambridge College Puerto RicoCambridge College Online
Learn about our innovative programs during a casual information session.
Next Session:
Admissions Virtual Walk-In Hours
Tue
15
December
1:00pm
Online via Zoom
21861
500 Rutherford Avenue
Boston, MA 02129
Get Directions…
View all events »
RSVP for this Event
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Phone *
Choose a School *
- Select -School of EducationSchool of ManagementSchool of Psychology & CounselingSchool of Undergraduate Studies
Leave this field blank
close
Give to
Cambridge College
Give to Cambridge College
Cambridge College’s promise depends on the ongoing support of people like you. You can make a difference. Every gift – large or small– is important in helping the College provide higher education for a diverse population of working adults.
You can use your MasterCard or Visa to make a quick, easy, and secure online donation.
Donate Online Now
Thank you for your vote of confidence that a Cambridge College education matters!
"Receiving a scholarship has comforted me tremendously. This incredible gift has allowed me to stay focused on my studies. I humbly say thank you, thank you from the bottom of my heart as I am so very grateful!"
Stacey Borden HollidayB.S. Human ServicesSusan Lowell Wales Dineen Scholar
"Our family is proud to support Cambridge College. We know our gift is making the education experience accessible and affordable for many students. We encourage you to make a gift  and support the things that are critical to the Cambridge College experience, such as financial aid, scholarships, faculty, and academic programs."
John DineenTrustee and Donor
close