http://www.kamaroi.nsw.edu.au/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Kamaroi Rudolf Steiner School
Search for:
Contact Us
220 Forest Way, Belrose, 2085
Telephone +61 2 9450 1651
Email Kamaroi
Toggle navigation
HomeAbout us
Principal’s Message Steiner / Waldorf Overview History Kamaroi Campus Contact Us
Curriculum / Education
Integrated Curriculum Literacy Numeracy Main Lesson Technology (ICT) Specialist Subjects
Music Eurythmy Handcraft Sports Library
Learning Support Kindergarten Festivals
Enrolments
School Tours How to Enrol Schedule of Fees FAQs
Community
Kamaroi FAIR POSTPONED News and Events Parent Education Testimonials Preschools, Daycares & Playgroups After School Care Career Opportunities
Current Parent Info
Term Dates Calendar of Events Green Pages Publications School Structure Policy Library
Quote Rotator
"A healthy social life is found only when, in the mirror of each soul, the whole community finds its reflection, and when, in the whole community, the virtue of each one is living"Rudolf Steiner"It is important that we discover an educational method where people learn to learn and go on learning their whole lives"Rudolf Steiner "We gradually unfold in our teaching what has become purely intellectual in the world, our pupils will grow into complete and integrated personalities, capable of developing real initiative"Rudolf Steiner"To truly know the world, look deeply within your own being, to truly know yourself, take a real interest in the world"Rudolf Steiner“My Waldorf education taught me to think for myself, take responsibility for my decisions, to be a good listener and to be sensitive to the needs of others“ Kenneth Chanault, Harvard Law School, President of AMEX
Privacy Policy
This page outlines Kamaroi’s policy regarding privacy on our website. It applies only to information gathered through this site.
Information We Collect From Visitors To Our Site
Our website uses statistics tracking software to gather generalised information from visitors who visit our site with Javascript enabled. This information includes (but is not limited to):
IP address,
operating system,
screen resolution,
browser type and version number,
browser plugins,
search terms, and
referring websites
This information is collected using Google Analytics and is used, internally, to optimise our website and content for visitors. Besides this, we do not pass this information on to anyone else.
This information takes the form of statistical information, contains no personal information, and cannot be used to identify individuals.
Information We Collect from School Tours Registrations
Visitors to our website may choose to register online for a school tour. This information contains some required information (such as name and email address) and some optional information which we collect for interal market research reasons. The information includes (but is not limited to):
Location,
Information about children’s ages and current school classes,
Information about how you heard about Kamaroi
This information is used internally and is not provided to any third parties.
Users may also choose to be kept up to date with information about news and events at Kamaroi. This information will be provided to the user’s nominated email address, and users may unsubscribe at any time.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Your personal information is used only to provide you with services you have signed up for, and to improve the quality of the Kamaroi website. We will never pass your personal information on to third parties without your explicit, written consent.
We will never give your email address to anyone else. Neither will we email you on behalf of anyone else.
How You Can Access and Remove Your Information
Information we collect through this website is stored and used internally to Kamaroi School. You may access information you have provided us, or request its removal by contacting the school.
Contacting Kamaroi
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact the school.
KAMAROI RUDOLF STEINER SCHOOL
privacy policy
© Kamaroi Rudolf Steiner School 2020 — ABN: 19 003 242 626 —privacy policy