http://www.education-jobs.co.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Education Jobs Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to this website.
The website is operated by CV-Library Ltd.
'Education Jobs'; 'we'; 'us'; and 'our'; means CV-Library Ltd of Beacon House, 10 Waterfront Business Park, Station Approach, Fleet, Hampshire, GU51 3TX.
CV-Library endeavours to ensure that the information that you submit to us remains private, and that it is used only for the purposes described below. We aim to provide a safe and secure experience for all of our users. We make every effort to comply with our obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Additionally, we understand the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of your CV and other information stored about you while using the site.
Manage Your Privacy
To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behaviour or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
You may withdraw your consent, review or update your privacy settings here.
Jobseeker Account and CV information
When you register to CV-Library your details, including your CV, can be made available for searching, viewing over the Internet and downloading by any direct recruiter, employment consultant or other person or organisation who requests CVs matching your profile to be sent to them. CV-Library attempts to verify the identity and the nature of the business of such organisations however does not make any warranties as to their authenticity.
Your personal information
When you register with us as a jobseeker we will process your personal data on the basis set out in this policy, as it is in our legitimate interests to do so following your registration. We will collect personal information from you, such as your name, contact details, details of the kind of work you are looking for, the location where you want to work and your CV. We will use your personal data to manage your account and to email you about our services which includes job alerts and emails about courses that are relevant to your fields of interest. We may contact you regarding site changes or changes to the CV-Library products or services that you use.
Disclosure of personal information
When you register, we store some information about you in your account, but it is protected by your password and may only be accessed by you. It does not form part of our candidate database and cannot be searched or accessed by CV-Library customers. You can delete your account at any time. Your CV, unless you choose the option to 'hide', will be accessible to any CV-Library customer. If you choose to hide your CV, all clients of CV-Library will be unable to view or access it.
Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not want us to collect it.
We ask jobseekers not to include information on their CV that is considered sensitive personal data, for example your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, your health, sex life or sexual orientation.
If you choose to create a profile and upload a CV to our database, we rely on you to ensure that your details are kept up to date. You should update your CV at least every six months, particularly if your contact details have changed.
Please note that CV-Library reserves the right to remove from our database, CVs which include any content that we consider to be illegal or offensive.
We may record and share aggregated information with our clients. Additionally, if you input your information on a co-branded registration page or job application page, eg a CV-Library client-company registration page then the information that you give becomes the property of both CV-Library and the client. CV-Library is not responsible for the information that the client receives.
CV-Library will also use the aggregate data to identify employment trends across different industries, such as salary averages. This information will not be capable of being linked to any personally identifying information about users.
Please be aware that some of our customers may be located in countries outside the European Economic Area.
PLEASE NOTE: Your current employer may be a customer of CV-Library, or a client of one of our customers. CV-Library cannot restrict the customers who access profiles on our database and cannot be held responsible for any eventuality.
Information collection and use
IP Logging
Like many websites, we routinely capture your IP address information to determine your general location.
This is anonymous in nature and is never linked to your Jobseeker Account or CV Information.
Capturing your IP address information helps us work out whether you are visiting the site from within the UK, EU or rest of the world, and means we can show you content that's specific to your location and ask the right questions about your eligibility to work in the UK or EU should you wish to apply for a job on CV-Library. CV-Library automatically receives and records information on our web server logs from your bser including your IP address. CV-Library records IP addresses for anonymous statistical purposes, administration of our website and servers, and to improve our services.
An IP address, or 'internet protocol address', is a unique identifying number given to every device connected to the internet. Like a car license plate, an IP address is a special serial number used for identification.
Google Maps
CV-Library uses the Google Maps API in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Information may be gathered from your registration form and your use of our website through "cookies". The information gathered may be used by CV-Library internally, for purposes relating to your use of the website and for marketing activities, and may be passed to carefully selected third parties to use for marketing activities. If you do not wish to receive marketing material from CV-Library or from carefully selected third parties you should tick the appropriate box on the submission form. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive direct marketing/information from CV-Library or no longer wish us to pass your information to third parties you should notify us using the Contact page of our website or delete your CV.
CV-Library may set and access cookies on your computer. You can choose whether or not to accept cookies, however, if you do not accept CV-Library cookies, some of our services may not be available to you. More information about CV-Library cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy. This policy does not apply to companies that CV-Library does not own or control, or to people that CV-Library does not employ.
When you log into our website, we may share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner LiveRamp. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognising you on your device. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you. We place this code in our cookie and allow it to be used for online and cross-channel advertising. It may be shared with our advertising partners and other third party advertising companies globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc). These third parties may in turn use this code to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. You have the right to express a choice regarding our sharing of this data with LiveRamp for the above purposes, of the creation of this code, or of our sharing of the code with our advertising partners.
Third Party Cookies
CV-Library currently uses Criteo as a service to serve personalized adverts when visiting other Criteo ad network sites. Criteo are authorized by CV-Library to place and read cookies on our websites (including network websites and emails).
When you use our website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may drop a cookie on your browser or directly in our emails and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. Similarly, when you use our mobile apps, we may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses, mobile device ID, location data, and advertising identifiers with LiveRamp, which uses that information to create a link between your mobile device and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. You have the right to exercise your rights under GDPR including opting out of LiveRamp’s Cookie or Mobile Identifiers and can easily do so by clicking on this link.
Other choice options for display: Users can also express their choices, through the following platforms: IAB opt-out platform, Network Advertising Initiative opt-out platform, Digital Advertising Alliance platform that provide options to express their choices for all companies that are registered in this platform.
CV-Library uses a specific cookie in order to facilitate the use of Google Universal Analytics for logged in Candidates or Recruiters (“Logged-In User”). If you are a Logged-In User, CV-Library may use your Candidate or Recruiter user ID in combination with Google Universal Analytics and Google Analytics to track and analyse the pages of CV-Library that you visit. We do this to better understand how you use CV-Library, with the aim of improving CV-Library for all users. We do not pass any Logged-In User personal identification information to Google Analytics.
Learn more about privacy at Google or opt-out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Bser Add-on.
Tracking Pixels in Emails
Like around 40% of emails sent worldwide, CV-Library uses tracking pixels in some of the emails which we may send you. A tracking pixel is a small, invisible image inserted into CV-Library emails which we use to measure the performance and effectiveness of our emails.
We collect this information anonymously for statistical reporting and do not use it to tailor our marketing or sales activity towards any individual.
We use a pixel provided by Google Analytics to determine the effectiveness of our messages in attracting traffic to our website.
We use a pixel provided by ReturnPath to assess the time spent reading our messages to enable us to improve what we send you. The ReturnPath pixel also identifies the platform on which you open your email (e.g. your email client or device type) and we use this information to ensure we are designing emails effectively for how our users choose to view our emails.
Both pixels also anonymously provide details of the country you are in when you open your email, as well as the time you open it. We may use this information to ensure our services are effectively used and to measure how quickly our messages are reviewed by their recipients.
Emails from CV-Library
If you choose to join CV-Library, you will receive email communications from us. You will receive essential communications, but on registering will also be given the option to receive 'Job Alerts' and 'Updates'.
Register with CV-Library
Essential Communications
We will send you messages that we consider necessary to meet our legal obligations and your expectations of us, including about your account, application confirmations and documentation relating to purchases of optional premium products.
In accordance with our Terms & Conditions, if you do not wish to receive emails of this nature, you should not use CV-Library (see Closing your CV-Library account below)
Job Alerts
Job Alerts are bespoke notifications of the latest jobs available on our site which match your search criteria. They could include:
Daily Job AlertsThese will be sent to you every day, unless no new jobs matching your criteria have been posted since your last Alert. If you choose to set-up multiple Job Alerts, you will receive each of these separately every day.
Instant Job AlertsIf a new job is posted that is a very close match to your Job Alert criteria, we will send you an Instant Job Alert. These will vary in frequency depending on your desired job type, location/commute preference and salary requirements.
Company AlertsIf you choose to set-up a Company Alert (a Job Alert for roles at a specific company), you will receive an email notification when that company posts new vacancies matching your search criteria. These will also vary in frequency depending on your search criteria and the volume of roles the Company makes available.
You can change which Job Alerts you receive at any time via My Account. You can also Snooze Job Alerts for a set period if you decide to pause your job search, or can stop receiving Job Alerts altogether if you so choose - this can also be done via My Account, or you can click the unsubscribe link in any Job Alert email.
Updates
Updates are emails from CV-Library which help you to progress in your job search, provide tips, motivational advice and additional suggestions. They could include:
RemindersApplication summaries and notifications of any requests from recruiters. We'll also give you a nudge if you’ve not checked-in for a while to keep you active in your search.
Recruiter Promoted OpportunitiesSome recruiters or employers ask us to reach out to candidates they think would be a good match. You'll only receive one if factors such as salary and location are aligned.
Improve Your ProspectsWe work with experts to offer great advice in improving your CV or career path. We'll let you know about these services every now and then.
CV-Library CommunityHelp us make CV-Library better! Once a year or so, we may ask your thoughts on work or the job market, or ask you to review new or existing services. We also do the odd prize draw!
You can change which Updates you receive at any time via My Account. Alternatively, you can stop receiving Updates altogether if you so choose - this can also be done via My Account, or you can click the unsubscribe link in any Updates email.
Statistical information
CV-Library gathers general information about users, for example, what services users access the most and which areas of the CV-Library site are most frequently visited, the number of CVs on the database, or the number of visitors to the site and for other lawful purposes. Such data is used in the aggregate to help us to understand how the CV-Library site is used. We gather this information so that we can continue to improve and develop our services to benefit our users. We may make this aggregated information available to users of the CV-Library site, to our clients, advertisers, suppliers and other reputable third parties. These statistics are anonymous and contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
Security
The site is protected against unauthorised access using the latest security devices and 'firewalls'.
Other brands and websites within our network
The CV-Library Group incorporates this website, as well as:
Resume-Library (resume-library.com)
British Jobs (britishjobs.co.uk)
CV-Library Ireland (cv-library.ie)
ScotlandJobs (scotland-jobs.co.uk)
Education Jobs (education-jobs.co.uk)
Jobs Retail (jobsretail.co.uk)
JobsMedical.co.uk (jobsmedical.co.uk)
Engineering Jobs (engineeringjobs.co.uk)
SalesJobs (sales-jobs.co.uk)
IT Jobs (it-jobs.co.uk)
Marketing Jobs (marketing-jobs.co.uk)
JobsGraduate (jobs-graduate.co.uk)
British Jobs is a large network of local job sites split by region and industry – over 800 in total. You can view a complete list here: https://www.cv-library.co.uk/network
Other ways of ensuring your privacy & your data protection rights:
These options are available when you log in to our website.
You may access and amend your personal details at any time.
You may 'hide your CV' from all clients of CV-Library meaning that your CV and profile will not appear in any CV Searches. You are still able to apply for vacancies with your CV.
Stop receiving CV-Library Emails
You may unsubscribe from any employment or promotional information that we may send to you by in any of the following ways:
Using the unsubscribe function at the bottom of the email
Amending your account details by logging in to our website
Contacting us on the Contact page of our website.
You will continue to receive essential communications. In accordance with our Terms & Conditions, if you do not wish to receive emails of this nature, you should not use CV-Library (see Close your CV-Library account below)
Close your CV-Library account
You can remove the information that CV-Library stores about you, at any time, by logging in to your CV-Library account and choosing to delete your account.
Contact us or make a complaint
If you have any questions about this policy or our use of your Personal Information please raise your query via our contact form. If you do not think we are handling your Personal Information adequately, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office. Further information, including contact details, are available at https://ico.org.uk
See Also:
Education Jobs Terms & Conditions
Education Jobs Cookie Policy