https://www.library.dartmouth.edu/about/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Global dropdown menu
Research & Collections
Subject Librarians
Reach out to an expert who can help you.
Library Catalog
Find books, audio and video, music scores, maps and more.
Research Guides
Use the best resources we have, picked by librarians.
Databases
There's a wealth of information to be found through our database subscriptions.
Research Support
We're committed to partnering with you to enhance and showcase your research.
Collections
Print and digital collections serve as extensions of our teaching and research facilities.
Quick Links
Library Search
JSTOR
PubMed
Make an Appointment
Newspapers
Journals
Borrow & Renew
Library Catalog
Find books, audio and video, music scores, maps and more in the catalog.
Borrowing & Requesting
Learn how to borrow materials at Dartmouth and from other libraries via BorrowDirect or DartDoc.
Tech Loans
We've got everything from chargers to a professional portable recording studio.
Alumni Access and Resources
How to access resources, on and off-campus.
Media
Discover an extensive range of movies, television series, documentaries, educational programs, audio and more.
Off-Campus Access
Students, staff, and faculty can access most of our electronic resources off-campus.
Quick Links
BorrowDirect
DartDoc
Course Reserves for Faculty
Course Reserves for Students
Libraries & Spaces
Study and Meeting Spaces
Book a meeting room for a group or sign up to use a private study room.
Hours and Locations
Our hours, holiday closings, street addresses and contact information.
Baker-Berry Library
Our main library houses the humanities and social sciences collections.
Biomedical Libraries
The Dana and Matthews-Fuller libraries support the disciplines of health and life sciences.
Evans Map Room
Houses thousands of sheet maps, mapping software, atlases, globes & more.
Feldberg Business & Engineering Library
Offers support for the Tuck School of Business & Thayer School of Engineering.
Jones Media Center
Provides facilities & collections for researching, viewing & producing media.
Kresge Physical Sciences Library
Primary resource for the physical sciences including chemistry, mathematics, physics & more.
Paddock Music Library
Includes scores, sound and video recordings, reference materials, journals and digital resources.
Rauner Special Collections Library
Includes rare books, manuscripts & more.
Sherman Art Library
Supports the departments of Art History, Studio Art, as well as the Hood Museum of Art.
About Us
Hours and Locations
Events
Latest News
Privacy Policy
Strategic Objectives
Visiting & Exhibits
Help
Library Search
Learn about signing into your account, search options and tips, getting to resources and working with citations.
Research Support
We're committed to partnering with you to enhance and showcase your research.
Publishing Support
We provide consultation focusing on opportunities in digital publishing and scholarship.
Subject Librarians
We have a subject expert for your major who wants to help!
Teaching Support
We have librarians who specializes in your subject area and can support your students’
learning.
Workshops & Events
We offer a variety of events to assist you in developing skills ranging from research to programming.
Quick Links
Contact Us
FAQs
Off-Campus Access
Send Us Feedback
Staff Directory
Login
Students, Faculty & Staff
DHMC & Guests
Alumni
BorrowDirect
DartDoc
Toggle navigation
Search
Global dropdown menu
Research & Collections
Borrow & Renew
Libraries & Spaces
Help
Login
Students, Faculty & Staff
DHMC & Guests
Alumni
BorrowDirect
DartDoc
Privacy Policy
The Dartmouth Library protects the privacy of those who use the library. Staff and student workers protect registration information about borrowers, their requests for information and materials, and their loan transactions. Library employees are legally prohibited from providing information regarding a patron's library account to any other person regardless of their status or identity, except as required by a subpoena, search warrant, or court order.
Patron Record Privacy
A library registration record is created for each patron. The record contains the borrower's name, address, and other identifying information. This information is used only for library circulation purposes. The library's circulation function links a patron with the library materials he or she has checked out. For each item checked out to a patron, the library maintains the following information:
Item specific details such as the author, title, call number, and barcode number.
The date charged, loan period, and the date due.
The number of renewals and the date of the last renewal.
Additionally, patrons may choose to set their library account to track their reading history. If they do so, information about items checked out will be maintained until the patron record is deleted or until the patron actively removes the information. Some library staff may be able to access a patron’s reading history, but will not disclose the patron’s reading history except as required by law.
Staff or student workers will not disclose the following:
The name of a patron who has a particular item checked out.
The titles that are checked out to a particular patron.
Personal information of any patron (address, phone number, email, etc).
Identify a patron who has checked out a particular item or describe them in any other way.
Staff or student workers MAY take the following actions:
Give the due date of a particular item.
Recall any checked out item (with the exception of reserve material).
Suggest that they contact class members regarding the item.
Information Regarding Privacy Issues from the American Library Association
The Library encourages you to explore the ALA web site for more information.
Questions and Answers on Privacy and Confidentiality
About the USA Patriot Act
Web Statistics
The Dartmouth Library collects and analyzes data about the use of its website to improve service.  The Library may choose to use an externally hosted service (e.g., Google Analytics) to collect these data.  Most external services use web browser cookies to track usage.  To opt-out of such tracking (for the Dartmouth Library's or any other website), examine the cookies you are accepting as you use the internet.
Additional Dartmouth College privacy policy documents
Information Technology Privacy Policy
Community Standards and Accountability
Requests for Educational Records
About Us
Service Updates
Visiting and History
Strategic Objectives
Privacy Policy
Collections
Department and Staff Directory
Dean of Libraries Sue Mehrer
Council on Libraries
Friends of the Library
Careers
Fellowships
Awards
250th Celebration
Hindsight Is 20/19
Historical Accountability Student Research Program
Open Education Initiative