https://www.jorvikvikingcentre.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Explore the Jorvik Group
DIG
Barley Hall
Richard III & Henry VII Experience
JORVIK Viking Festival
About
JORVIK Story
JORVIK Artefact Gallery
York Archaeological Trust
Support Us
Touring Exhibitions
Visit
Book your visit to JORVIK
Opening Hours, Prices & Useful Information
Frequently Asked Questions Relating to Covid Closure
Frequently Asked Questions For Visits
Social distancing and safety
Access
Triple Ticket
Shop
Finding Us
Group Visits
Private Hire
Other Attractions
The Vikings
Where did they come from?
How did they live?
Viking Place Names
The People of JORVIK
Flora and Fauna of Viking-Age York
Viking Weapons
Education
Discover from Home
Plan Your School’s Visit
Book Your School’s Visit
Education Visits to Other JORVIK Group Attractions
Workshops
Outreach and Virtual Outreach
Loan boxes and Classroom Resources
Shaking Hands with the Past
Work with the Education Team
Shop
What’s on
Get Involved
Volunteering
Placements
Jobs
Community Projects
Friends of YAT
Bloodaxe Book Challenge
Find
Explore the Jorvik Group
DIG
Barley Hall
Richard III & Henry VII Experience
JORVIK Viking Festival
Accessibility
Are you looking for?
Private: Contact
Visit
Find
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
In this section
This privacy policy explains what information we collect about you and how we use it. Links within this site to other websites are not covered by this privacy statement.
Information collection and use
This website does not store or collect any personal information about site users. The system will record your email address and other information if volunteered to us by you through certain sections of the site. This information shall be treated as confidential. It may only be used for internal review and to contact you regarding any feedback.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
In general, we use cookies and our records of the pages users have visited to gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services are accessed most. We only use such data in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for our users and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Your rights
You can find out what information we hold about you, and ask us not to use any of the information we collect. Please contact us if you wish to do this.
Privacy Policy Document
This Privacy Notice explains the types of personal information we collect and how we use, disclose and protect that information.
Download: York Archaeological Trust – Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 2018
Notification of changes
We reserve the right to change the privacy statement without notice. It is the responsibility of users to check this privacy statement regularly.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks