http://www.dcc.ac.uk/about-us/about-site/website-terms-use/privacy-cookies
Skip to main content
AboutOur team
History of the DCC
What is digital curation?
Mission and vision
NewsBlog
Pipeline
DMPonline Newsletter
EventsInternational Digital Curation Conference
Research Data Management Forum
ServicesConsultancy
DMPonlineCommunity
Subscribe
Tools
Training
GuidanceBriefing Papers
How-to Guides
Case Studies
Policy AnalysisOverview of funders' data policies
Funders' data policies
Five Steps to Developing a Research Data Policy
MetadataDisciplinary Metadata
Curation Lifecycle Model
Data Management Plans
ResearchInternational Journal of Digital Curation
Projects
Publications
FAQHow can the DCC help you?
DCC Curation Lifecycle Model
Open Source Software and Open Standards
Glossary
Information forInformation for Research Data Managers and Support Staff
Researchers
Data Librarians and IT Service Managers
Data Scientists
Businesses
You are hereHome
Privacy Notice
The DCC is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing the highest possible quality of service.
The Digital Curation Centre (DCC) is committed to protecting your privacy and keeping you informed of how your information is used. We will only record your personal data in the manner and for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. Data will be kept secure from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.  We will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise knowingly share or provide your personal information to any third party, except insofar as legally obliged to do so or as specified below.
1.      Who we are
The DCC is an internationally-recognised centre of expertise in digital curation with a focus on building capability and skills for research data management. The DCC provides expert advice and practical help to research organisations wanting to store, manage, protect and share digital research data.  DCC staff conduct research and provide consultancy and training services around research data management and related topics.
The DCC is not a legal entity but consists of two Partner Institution (please see section index statement), which are legal entities. Please click on the links to visit the privacy notices of the University of Edinburgh and the University of Glasgow. Each of the Partner Institutions is registered under the Data Protection Act and is a data controller as defined in that Act.
Should you wish to access any information that the Partner Institutions store about you, please write to the relevant institution.  If you are unsure about which institution to contact, please email the DCC helpdesk on info@dcc.ac.uk  and we will assist you to identify the appropriate institution(s).
2.      Scope of this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice aims at informing website visitors, research partners, clients and other stakeholders about how we process personal data.
3. How we collect and use your personal data
We obtain personal data directly from individuals in a variety of ways, including but not limited to obtaining personal data when:
we conduct research
you subscribe to our newsletter/s
you subscribe to our mailing list
you submit an article to International Journal of Digital Curation
you use our tools (e.g., DMPonline)
register to attend meetings and events we host and during your attendance at such events
we establish a business relationship
we are performing professional services pursuant to a contract
We may contact you to tell you about you of our current and new services, as well as to notify you of any changes to our services. We may also contact you for purposes of research within our remit as a research institute.
4.      The personal data types we collect
We collect the following types of personal data about individuals, including:
General personal data types, including:
Contact details (e.g., name, company name, job title, work and mobile telephone numbers, work and personal email and postal address)
Professional information (e.g., job and career history, educational background and professional memberships, published articles, areas of professional interest)
5. Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data with the purpose of:
Providing research, training and consulting services
Fulfilling our obligations of research collaboration
Promoting our services  (research, training and consultancy) to existing and prospective clients
Providing access to guests attending our events
Processing online requests or queries, including responding to communications from individuals, or requests for services and quotations
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations
6. Data sharing with third parties
We may occasionally share your data with trusted third parties.  Personal data that is gathered in the course of research may be shared with research collaborators and research funders (e.g., within the remit of European funded projects).  When we do so, we ensure that recipients are contractually bound to safeguard the data we entrust to them before we share the data.
7. Data transfers outside of the European Economic Area
The DCC does not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area.
8. For how long do we store personal data?
We store personal data while it is used for the purpose it was originally collected for (see section 5) You can request that your personal data be deleted and you can unsubscribe from our mailing lists through their internal systems.
9. Automated decision-making or profiling
The DCC does not engage in automated decision making or profiling.
10. Contact or complaints
Please contact info@dcc.ac.uk for any queries regarding the topic presented in this policy. You have a right to request that we delete your personal information and to make a complaint to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) regarding any concerns you may have about our handling procedures – see https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/