https://www.unomaha.edu/campus-policies/privacy-policy.php
COVID-19 UPDATE:
NU is open; faculty/staff are working remotely if possible; campuses are open for in-person learning this fall.
MORE INFO
×Close Menu
Five-Year Strategy
Get to Know Nebraska
Doing Leading Research
Meet Our People
Making an Impact
Support By Giving
Directory
Regents
President
COVID-19
News & Events
Offices & Policies
For Faculty & Staff
University of Nebraska Online Privacy Statement
This Online Privacy Statement applies to this website, which is published by a University of Nebraska (NU) education, research or service area. NU is committed to respecting individuals’ privacy. By choosing to continue to use this NU website, you agree to NU’s collection and use of personal information and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement. This Online Privacy Statement only governs the use and disclosure of information collected through this website.
Collection of Information
NU automatically collects the following information:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;
The URL of the website from which you linked directly to the NU website;
The date and time you accessed the NU website;
The pages you visited, including the information requested through your browser, the response from your browser, the size of the page you received in response to the request, and the marketing email or web page that referred you to the page you visited; and
The web browser and operating system you used to access the NU website.
Additionally, NU may request that you provide certain personal information, including but not limited to, name, username, email address, mailing address, telephone numbers, or social network account information. NU may aggregate information collected from your visit to this website with other information at NU.
Use of Information
NU will only use your personal data on a lawful basis to fulfill a legitimate interest of University of Nebraska. NU may use information collected from your visit to this website in the following ways:
Manage and improve the user experience and preferences associated with this website and NU communications;
Track how often people gain access to or read NE.edu content;
Foster further communications and manage your subscription(s) to NU publications;
Invite and/or register you (upon request) to events that may be of interest to you;
Optimize and personalize your online interactions with NU;
Fulfill your online requests for goods or services;
Conduct online research, education, training, or surveys;
Identify anomalies in web traffic in order to help protect personal and NU institutional information; and
Exercise NU’s legal rights, defend against legal claims, or respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
Disclosure or Sharing of Information
NU may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate this website or the services NU provides. Those providers and suppliers may have access to the information NU collects in order to fulfill their obligations to NU.
NU is a state agency, and as such may disclose or share information in compliance with applicable state, federal, or international laws. This includes, but is not limited to, the Nebraska Public Records Act, Neb. Rev. Stat. § 84-712, et. seq.
Collection Methods
NU may use various technologies such as cookies, applets, scripts, server logs, custom URL parameters, tracking images, information and correspondence, or web analytics to collect information. Depending on your browser you may be able to disable certain collection methods. This may limit your ability to use some features of this website.
Cookies
By continuing to browse or clicking “Accept Cookies” without changing your browser settings, you agree to the storing of first- and third-party cookies and related technologies on your device to enhance site access and navigation, analyze site usage, authenticate users, facilitate transactions, and assist in our marketing efforts.
You can change your browser settings to block, delete, or alert you to Cookies. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to do that. However, if you do change your browser settings, you may have to manually adjust preferences every time you visit a site and some features may not work as intended.
Non-NU Websites
NU may provide links on this website to other non-NU websites. NU may also partner with third parties to place NU related ads on non-NU websites. Your use of non-NU websites is subject to the terms and conditions or privacy statements of the providers of those websites.
Data Protection
NU strives to protect information through measures described in NU Policies such as Board of Regents Policies 5.10 and 6.7, Executive Memorandum No. 16, and Executive Memorandum 26.
Retention
NU retains your data for at least the minimum required retention according to applicable NU Records Retention Schedule(s) or for the duration of your relationship with NU.
Additional Rights You May Have Regarding Your Data
Applicable laws may give you additional rights to request access to, or to request the erasure, correction or transfer of, your data.
For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) provides certain rights to persons who were/are residing in the European Union when data was/is collected. If the EU GDPR applies to your data then you may ask to see your data or request, to the extent allowed by law, to have your data corrected or erased. You may also object to or request restrictions on how your data will be processed. You may ask that your data be forwarded or transferred to another organization. Finally, to the extent allowed by law, you may withdraw consent you have given to certain data processing, without penalty. If you do decide to withdraw consent at a later date, your withdrawal will not affect the legality of the processing of your data up to that point.
Questions
If you have questions about the collection or use of information you should contact the NU organizational area to which you provided your information.
The individual responsible for decisions about the online collection, use and protection of personal data that is subject to EU GDPR is Heath Tuttle, Assistant Vice Chancellor for IT Services,
who is identified as the EU GDPR Data Protection Officer.
If your privacy-related questions or concerns are not addressed after contacting the NU organizational area to which you provided data, then you may also contact the following:
DATA SECURITY:
Rick Haugerud
Asst VP, IT Security Services
Information Technology Services, UNCA
rhaugerud@nebraska.edu
402-472-2135
DATA COMPLIANCE AND LEGAL:
Erin Busch
Associate General Counsel
Director, University Records
Office of the General Counsel
ebusch@nebraska.edu
402-472-1232
DATA USAGE:
Kristin Yates
Associate Vice President for Institutional Research
Chief Data Officer
Office of the Provost
kyates@nebraska.edu
402-472-6242
Changes to this Online Privacy Statement
NU may periodically update this Online Privacy Statement. The revised statement will be posted at nebraska.edu/privacy-statement.
Updated August 25, 2018
COOKIE USAGE:
The University of Nebraska uses cookies to give you the best online experience.
By clicking "I Agree" and/or continuing to use this website without adjusting your browser settings, you accept the use of cookies.
PRIVACY SETTINGS
I Accept
×