https://www.providence.edu/terms-of-use/
Skip to main content
Site Home> Terms of UseTerms of UseUsing Our Website and Information Technology
Providence College welcomes your use of our website. By your use of the website, you are agreeing that you understand and accept the terms and conditions of, and are compliant with, our Terms of Use and Privacy Policies. Additionally, by your use of the website, you are acknowledging that access to College technological and information resources accessible over the College’s network is granted to users on the condition that they comply with applicable copyright laws and the College’s Information Technology Acceptable Use Policy: https://sites.providence.edu/information-technology/files/2018/02/acceptable-use-policy.pdf , and all other applicable policies.
Using Copyrighted Information
Any work that was created by or for Providence College is copyrighted by Providence College. Such works include, but are not limited to, textual materials, graphics, photographic images, designs, logos and trademarks. All rights to the Providence College website and the material it contains are reserved, and the material may be amended or deleted by the College without notice. Copies may be made only with the permission of the College, or as permitted by law. For information about copyright at Providence College, please see the Copyright Policy and Guidelines at https://pml.providence.edu/research/academic-integrity-copyright/. The Policy and Guidelines, which also address liability, apply to all members of the Providence College community. Detailed information about copyright can be obtained from the U.S. Copyright Office: http://www.copyright.gov/.
Reporting Infringement
The College may suspend or terminate the Internet access of users who repeatedly infringe upon the rights of copyright owners. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), P.L. 105-304, the College has designated an agent, who acts in conjunction with the Office of the General Counsel, to receive notice of alleged infringement of copyright. To report copyright infringements involving Providence College information technology resources or services, please notify:
Donald J. Schattle II
Chief Information Security & Data Protection Officer
Providence College
Accinno Hall 115, Providence, RI 02918
schattle@providence.edu
401.865.1558.
Include in your notice (a) a detailed description of the allegedly infringing material and the URL where it appears; (b) a detailed description of your copyrighted work (including a copy, if practicable); (c) your name, physical address, e-mail address, and daytime telephone number; and (d) an affirmation that the information in your notice is accurate and that you believe in good faith that the material complained of infringes your copyright. Your notice should conclude with a statement, made “under pains and penalties of perjury,” that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder and it should be signed with either your physical or electronic signature.
Using the Electronic Directory
Providence College’s electronic directory is provided solely for the information of the College community and those attempting to reach a specific individual. Any solicitation of business, information, contributions or other response from individuals listed in this directory, whether by mail, email, telephone, or other means, is prohibited. The directory cannot by duplicated, sold, or distributed in any manner without the express written permission of Providence College’s Vice President for Business and Finance.
Terms of Use and General Disclaimer
Information provided in official Providence College websites is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a legal contract between the College and any person or entity unless otherwise specified. Information is subject to change or deletion without notice. Although a reasonable effort is made to represent current and accurate information, Providence College makes no guarantees of any kind. Due to the nature of the Internet, Providence College does not warrant that access to College webpages will be uninterrupted or error free.
Providence College’s website contains links to other websites that are independently run sites outside of the “providence.edu” domain. All material, including any links to other sites and content found at linked sites, is provided “as is” and without any express or implied warranties. Providence College is not responsible for the privacy practices, activities or content of such independent sites. The College is not responsible for the accuracy of information in linked sites. These links are provided as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply, and should not be construed as, an endorsement by Providence College of such sites and/or the information contained therein. The College does not actively monitor the content of all webpages but reserves the right to act in accordance with its policies, including but not limited to its policies governing information technology and resources, privacy, and harassment, and its various codes of conduct.
See Also
Providence College Privacy Policy
Providence College GDPR Privacy Notice
Office of the General Counsel
Information Technology
1 Cunningham Square
Providence, RI 02918 USA
Tel: +1.401.865.1000
Contact PC
Support PC
Emergency Information
Student Consumer Information
Academics & ApplyApplyMajors, Minors, ProgramsAcademic CalendarLibraryPeople & PlacesOffices & Services DirectoryPeople DirectoryMaps & DirectionsVisitFacts & InfoFast FactsJobsMass ScheduleAnnual Security ReportTitle IX & Sexual Harassment