http://www.moreheadplanetarium.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
We have reopened our doors to the public. Here’s what you need to know to plan a fun, safe visit to the new Morehead Planetarium and Science Center.
What you Need to Know
Privacy Policy
HomeAbout UsPoliciesPrivacy Policy
Who we are
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your use of the moreheadplanetarium.org website (the “Website”), which is owned by The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (the “University”) and operated by Morehead Planetarium and Science Center (“Morehead”, “the organization,” “us,” “our” or “we”). Your privacy and security are important to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. We will never share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy, so please check back periodically.
Information Collection and Use
Personal Information
“Personal Information” refers to information that lets us know who you are and can be used to identify or contact you (e.g., names, credit card number, mailing address, email address, and phone number). Morehead does not collect any Personal Information about individuals except when such information is provided to us via the Website. Personal Information may be obtained as detailed in this section.
Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to our email newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. Please see the “Choice and Opt-out” section below.
Online Purchases & Donations
The Website offers visitors the opportunity to make a membership purchase, register for summer camps and other special events and donate to the organization. To use these online services, you are required to give contact information (such as name and email address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to contact you about Morehead services in which you have expressed interest.
Surveys
From time to time, Morehead may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys. If you participate, we will request certain Personal Information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information may include household and demographic information (such as marital status and zip code). We use the information obtained from survey responses to improve the experience of visitors to Morehead and its Website.
We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests. That company is prohibited from using your Personal Information for any other purpose. We will not share the Personal Information provided through a survey with third parties unless we give you prior notice of the third-party’s involvement.
Beacons
Morehead may use a variety of other technical methods for tracking purposes, including Web beacons. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in web pages and emails. We may use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send our users to determine whether they have opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails. The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that constitutes Personal Information.
Aggregate Information (Not Personally Identifiable)
The Website does collect some anonymous non-personally identifiable aggregate information (“Non Personal Information”) about visitors automatically when pages on the Website are requested through a browser. Non Personal Information refers to information that does not by itself identify you or a specific individual. Examples of Non Personal Information may include information about our visitors’ browsers (e.g., Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer), operating systems (e.g., Windows or Macintosh), Internet Service Providers, IP addresses, and other similar information.
This information is used for statistical purposes such as helping us monitor how guests navigate the Website, allowing us to tailor our services for the majority of visitors. IP addresses allow us to determine the geographic location of a visitor’s computer, without being able to identify the visitor. Such information could, if necessary, be used to identify a user in order to comply with safety and/or security issues or with legal requirements.
Information Sharing
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, Morehead will not disclose Personal Information to others. We may disclose your Personal Information and Non Personal Information to our third party partners, as detailed below.
As a unit of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Morehead maintains Personal Information and Non Personal Information in University-owned databases. Such information may be accessed by qualified University employees who do not work for Morehead. These employees are required to maintain the same confidentiality and use the same security precautions that Morehead employees use.
Third-Party Partners
Morehead and the University have teamed up with reputable third-party vendors in order to provide certain services to its online users, including registration processing, credit card processing, donation processing and its email newsletters. We may disclose your Personal Information and Non Personal Information to these third-party service providers, including companies we retain as consultants to conduct research on our behalf. These third parties may not use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by us.
Morehead has taken precautions to insure that the privacy of its online visitors is protected by our online partners. In cases when users leave the Morehead’s site to visit one of our partners’ sites, users are encouraged to become familiar with the privacy statements of each site they visit.
Security
Morehead does not process transactions through its Website. All transactions are processed through either University servers or third-party vendors. In all cases, Morehead partners use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to process online transactions. In addition, Morehead and the University require that all websites that collect financial data are PCI-compliant, the financial industry standard for financial web security.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can’t read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that were created by other sites. The website that creates a cookie is the only one a browser will permit to access it.
Examples of ways in which Morehead might use cookies would be to control access to certain user features, to customize content areas, or to analyze site activity and user behavior. Morehead also reserves the right to use cookies in the future in conjunction with new content, extended functionality and online advertising.
If you are concerned about the use of cookies, Morehead suggests that you explore your browser’s options to notify you whenever a cookie is set, or to disallow cookies altogether. Users should be aware, however, that prohibiting the use of cookies may restrict users’ access to certain types of content or features.
Links to other websites
Users may find content on the Website that links to the sites and services of our partners, sponsors or other third parties. In many cases, these links represent cooperative projects or are established with persons or entities that have a significant connection to or relationship with our site. Although every effort is made to ensure that site referrals are to reputable and relevant sources, Morehead does not control the content or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy at all. Morehead encourages visitors to review the privacy policies of any sites they visit to ensure their Personal Information is being protected.
Children
Morehead does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13 years of age. Children should always ask parents for permission before providing Personal Information to any website or purchasing any products or services online. The organization urges all parents to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and to teach them about protecting their Personal Information while online.
Choice and Opt-out
We may use any Personal Information collected for Morehead marketing and promotional purposes. For example, occasionally we may or our third party partners may send emails to inform you of new exhibitions or events we think might be of interest to you. In some cases, you will be required to “opt-in” by joining a mailing list or creating a registration account with the website. If you opted-in, you will have the option to “opt-out” at any time by “unsubscribing” to that particular list or website registration or following the opt-out instructions included in the body of the email message. Being removed from our email list does not mean that you will automatically be removed from our regular mailing list. If you would like to be removed from our mailing list completely, you will need to contact our office.
Office: 919-962-1236mhplanet@unc.edu
Policy Changes
Occasional changes may be made to this document as new services and content are added to our site or to reflect changes in Morehead and University policies. Visitors to this website are encouraged to check this document periodically to stay informed of current Morehead privacy guidelines. If we make any changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update the Website to provide notice thereof.
Acceptance of Terms
By using the Website you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. Your continued use of the Website following any change to this Privacy Policy  affirms your agreement to such changes.
Contact Information
The University of North Carolina at Chapel HillMorehead Planetarium and Science CenterAttn: WebsiteCampus Box 3480Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27599moreheadplanetarium@unc.edu919.962.1236
Copyright Ownership and License
The information on this website is the property of The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Copyright © 1996-2020 by The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for its Morehead Planetarium and Science Center. All rights reserved.