https://www.realgroup.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Real Group (‘RG’) (which trades as Real Training, Real Psychology, Real e-Learning, Real Press, Dyslexia Action Training, The Dyslexia Guild and Dyslexia Action Shop) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The website http://www.realgroup.co.uk/ is owned and operated by RG.
Information we may collect from you:
We may collect personal information from you in the following ways:
When you make a phone call or send an e-mail to seek information about our services;
Recruitment and employment;
When you have purchased any of our products through our online shop;
You have used our services of any type;
Through our use of the Cookies on our website (please see the Cookies section below);
Through your request for publications and other marketing materials;
Through your request for information about our services and related topics and events;
Through your registration for events;
Through your contacting us with enquiries and comments;
Through registration for courses run by us or any of our partner institutions;
Through course enrolment;
If your colleague has passed your details to us and
If you or your child had been subject to assessment by one of our delegates, who we ask to provide us with copies of relevant consent forms which may include your information.
If you take one the steps mentioned above, we may collect and process personal information about you such as:
Your name, address, email address and other contact information;
Protected characteristics;
Records of your correspondence with us, if you have contacted us;
Any circumstantial information you voluntarily provide to us to support a mitigating circumstances application which may include but is not limited to health information such as medical evidence, supporting evidence that you are in bereavement. This information may vary depending on the nature of your mitigating circumstances ;
Interests based on Cookies and your shopping behaviour;
Details of your visit to the website;
Multimedia files such as photographs and video footage if required for the course;
Information about your service user experiences and
Any other information provided to us when you contacted us to enrol on our courses or purchase a product, such as age, disability, information as to why you would like to do this course and details of your qualifications.
Where we store your personal data:
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, our servers in the UK. It may also be processed by persons operating in the EEA who work for us or an organisation we have instructed. If we do send your personal data outside the EEA we will take steps to ensure that the recipient implements appropriate measures to protect your information.
Uses made of the information:
We will process any of your personal data, in accordance with our obligations under applicable data protection laws and regulations, for the following reasons: to provide you with the services you have requested; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; for administrative purposes; to assess enquiries; and to provide you with information about us and our services. If, at any time, you do not wish to receive further information about us and our services, contact us at dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk.
How long we keep your information:
We retain the personal data processed by us in a live environment for as long as is considered necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected (including as required by applicable law or regulation.
In addition, personal data may be securely archived with restricted access and other appropriate safeguards where there is a need to continue to retain it.
Disclosure of your information:
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RG, or others. This includes exchanging information with other organisations for the purposes of safeguarding or other statutory regulations we have to comply with.
Sharing your information:
There are times when we have to report to our partners and regulators or other relevant bodies how we have used our funds/budgets and in those circumstances, we will report your information either aggregately or anonymously or, in an identifiable format but with your permission.
We may share your information according to operational and business needs with relevant third parties with legitimate justifications. If you register on a  course run by Real Group which is validated or accredited by and/or in partnership with another institution or organisation such as the Middlesex University or any of our other partners; your data will be shared with that institution for operational purposes. If you need further information in this regard, please contact our data controller on dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk and we will assist you further.
Your Rights:
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk
Modifying or removing your information:
You have the right to withdraw any consent given with respect to our use of your personal data. Furthermore, you have the right to request the modification or deletion of your personal data in the event it is incorrect or processed without your consent.
To modify your personal data, or to completely opt-out of RG using your personal data, please contact us via dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk
Accessing your data:
In line with your ‘Right to Access’ your personal information, you can always request to see a copy of the personal information we hold on you by contacting us via dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk
Once we confirm your identity, we will supply you with a copy of the requested personal information that we hold on you within 30 days.
IP Addresses:
RG may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
Cookies:
RG’s website uses cookies to record visits to the website. This helps us to improve the website and provide you with a good experience when you browse the website.
Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
Changes RG privacy policy:
This privacy policy was last updated on 21 August 2018. RG reserves the right to vary this privacy policy from time to time. Such variations become effective on posting on this website. Your subsequent use of this website or submission of personal information to will be deemed to signify your acceptance to the variations.
Contact:
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to
dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk
We hope that you will not ever need to, but if you do want to complain about our use of personal data, please send an email with the details of your complaint to dataprotection@realgroup.co.uk and addressed to our Data Controller Ms. Ruth Earl. We will look into and respond to any complaints we receive.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). For further information on your rights and how to complain to the ICO, please refer to the ICO website https://ico.org.uk/concerns
If you need further information about RG and how we manage your personal data please visit our Cookies Policy
Privacy policy |
Complaints procedure
© Real Group Ltd, Company No. 06556128. VAT Reg No 837306132. Insight House, Riverside Business Park, Stoney Common Road, Essex, CM24 8PL.