http://www.shsu.edu/dept/registrar/students/student_privacy_information.html
View the university’s response to COVID-19.
×
Campus Tools
Blackboard
E-Mail
My Sam
SamWeb
SHSU Online
Fast Links
Academic Affairs
Academic Calendar
Academic Community Engagement (ACE)
Academic Planning and Assessment
Academic Success Center
Accepted Students and Bearkat Orientation
Admissions (Undergraduate)
Admissions (Graduate)
Admission Requirements
Advising (SAM Center)
Agricultural Sciences
Alumni Association
American Association of University Professors
Analytical Laboratory
Application for Admission
Army ROTC - Military Science
Arts & Media
Athletics
Banking
Banner
Bearkat Bundle
Bearkat Camp
Bearkat Express Payment
Bearkat Marching Band
Bearkat OneCard
Bearkat Transfer Scholarship
Blackboard
Blinn College Transfers
Bookstore
Budget Office
Business Administration
Business Services Center
Calendars
Campus Map
Career Services
Cashier's Office
Catalogs
Cayuse IRB
Charter School
Class Schedule
Computer Account Creation
Computer Labs
Continuing Education
Controller's Office
Counseling Center
Criminal Justice
Current Students
Dean of Students' Office
Departments
Department of Dance
Dining Services
Directory
Disbursements & Travel Services
Education
Educator Preparation Services
Emergency Management
Employment Opportunities
Engineering Technology
English Language Institute
Enrollment Management
Enrollment Marketing and Communication
Exchange Mail
Facilities Management
Faculty Senate
Faculty/Staff Directory
Final Exam Schedule
Finance and Operations
Financial Aid
Food & Housing Access Network
First-Year Experience
Free Speech & Expressive Activity
General Information
Garrett Center
Graduate Admissions
The Graduate School
Health Sciences
Honors College
Homecoming
Human Resources
Humanities and Social Sciences
IT@Sam
IT@Sam Service Desk
Institutional Animal Care & Use Committee (IACUC)
Institutional Effectiveness
Institutional Review Board (IRB)
Internal Audit
International Programs
Joint Admission Students
Jr. Bearkats
KatFacts
Leadership Academy
Leadership Initiatives
LEAP Center
Library (NGL)
Lone Star College Transfers
Lowman Student Center
Mail Services
Map - Campus
Marketing & Communications
Math CAMP
McNair Program
Military Science
Mobile Go Center
Music
Music Choir
MyGartner Portal
National Student Exchange
News
Nursing
Office of the President
Online Information Request
Organization Chart
Orientation - New Student
Osteopathic Medicine
PACE
Parent & Family Relations
Parking
Payroll Office
PGA Golf Management
Pre-Health Professional Student Services
Procurement and Business Services
Procurement Opportunities
Property
Prospective Students
Quality Enhancement Plan
Reading Center
Recreational Sports
Registration
Registrar's Office
Research Administration (Post-Award)
Research and Sponsored Programs
Residence Life
SACSCOC Reaffirmation
Sam Houston Memorial Museum
SamWeb
Sciences
Services for Students with Disabilities
Schedule of Classes
Scholarships
SHSU MarketPlace
SHSU Online
Spirit Programs
Smith-Hutson Endowed Chair of Banking
Smith-Hutson Scholarship Program
Staff Council
Student Activities
Student Affairs
Student Government Association
Student Health Center
Student Legal Services
Student Money Management Center
Study Abroad
Summer Camps
Supplemental Instruction
Technology Tutorials
Testing Center
Theatre and Musical Theatre
Title IX (Sexual Misconduct)
Today@Sam
Tour the University
Transcripts
Transfer Equivalency Guide
Transfer Students (Articulation)
Travel Services
TRIES
TRIO Student Support Services
TRIO Teacher Support Services
Undergraduate Research Symposium
University Advancement
University Diversity Committee
University Hotel
University Police Department
Veterans
Visitor Services
The Woodlands Center
Getting Started
Become a Student
Apply Now
Visit SHSU
Request Information
Catalog
Classes
First-Year Experience
Majors & Programs
Bachelor's Degrees
Master's Degrees
Doctoral Degrees
Degrees Online
SHSU Colleges
Admissions
Freshmen Students
Transfer Students
Graduate Students
Medical Students
Online Students
International Students
Check Your Status
Tuition & Cost
Campus Life & Culture
Residence Life (Housing)
Recreational Sports
Student Activities
Calendars
Greek Life
Clubs & Organizations
Dining
Services & Resources
Financial Aid
Career Services
Registrar
SAM Center
Bearkat One Services
Student Health Center
Disability Services
Academic Success Center
Athletics
Athletics Website
Tickets
Donate
About SHSU
Alumni & Friends
Research & Recognition
Personnel Directory
Employment Opportunities
KatFacts
Accreditations
People
Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (F.E.R.P.A.)
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, is a federal law which provides that colleges and universities will maintain the confidentiality of student education records. This law also affords students certain rights with respect to their education records.
The law basically says that no one outside the institution shall have access to students’ education records nor will the institution disclose any information from those records without the written consent of the student. There are exceptions, of course, so that certain personnel within the institution may see the records, including persons in an emergency in order to protect the health or safety of students or other persons.
Additionally, under FERPA, students have the right to:
Inspect and review their education records
Seek to amend their education records
Have some control over the disclosure of information from their education records
File a complaint for an alleged violation of FERPA rights
FERPA law provides that an institution of higher education shall state what information in a student education record is to be considered Directory Information which may be released without prior student consent.  Under FERPA, Sam Houston State University has established the following as directory information:
Name
Permanent Mailing Address
Major/Minor
Home Telephone Numbers
Degrees, Diplomas, Certificates and Date of Award
Honors and Awards
Classification
Extracurricular Activities
Birth Date and Place of Birth
Names and Addresses of Parents/Legal Guardians
Weight, Height, and Related Information of Athletic Team Member
SHSU Email Address
The above directory information will be available for release to the general public.  However, students have the right to inform Sam Houston State University that any or all of the above information is not to be released. Sam Houston State University will honor the student’s request to restrict the release of “Directory Information” as listed.
A student may restrict the release of directory information by submitting the FERPA Opt-Out form online (located on the Forms and Documents webpage).  Forms must be submitted to the Registrar’s Office prior to the twelfth class day of the fall and spring terms and the fourth class day of the summer term.  Additionally, the restriction of information remains on the students’ record until the student takes action to remove it.  If the student restricts their information, the university campus staff and faculty will view a confidential message on all student records found in our current Banner student information system and NO information can be released on that student without the written permission of the student.  This includes the restriction of the student’s name being listed in the commencement program, the honor’s list, and the Dean’s/President’s list.  Release of information contained on a student’s academic transcript without the written consent of the person(s) identified on the document is in violation of Sec. 438 Public Law 90-247 (FERPA).
Additional FERPA information regarding our University policies on student rights is available under the Student Guidelines maintained by the Dean of Students.  For more information, please visit www.shsu.edu/students/guide/.
REMINDER TO ALL EMPLOYEES
If you see this message when you enter a Student ID into any Banner form,you cannot release any information on that student:
* Additionally, if you see the word, “Confidential” on the top left-hand corner of any Banner form, you cannot release any information on that student.
It is a violation of FERPA to discuss a student’s record with any person without a legitimate education interest.  This pertains to discussions on and off the job.
Removing any document from the office for non-business purposes is in violation of FERPA.
Releasing confidential student information (non-directory) to another student, University organization, or any person who does not have a legitimate educational interest, or parents of a dependent student, without the student’s written authorization is in violation of FERPA.
Leaving reports or computer screens containing confidential student information in view of others who do not have a legitimate educational interest in the data or leaving your monitor unattended is in violation of FERPA.
Making personal use of student information is in violation of FERPA.
Allowing another person to use your computer access code is in violation of FERPA.
Putting paperwork in trash with a student’s information (i.e., social security or grades) is also in violation of FERPA.
Violation of confidentiality and security may lead to appropriate personnel action.
QUESTIONS?
The FERPA campus official at Sam Houston State University is the Registrar.  If you have any questions concerning FERPA or what information can or cannot be released, please contact the Registrar’s Office.  If we cannot answer your question, we will consult the Department of Education.
Registrar’s OfficeBOX 2029Huntsville TX   77341(936)294-1048OrToll free (866) 232-7528 ext 41048Email at:  registrar@shsu.edu
FERPA Opt-Out Form (Directory Information)
Students may submit the FERPA Opt-Out Form to request their directory information be withheld, or released (reverse a previous request).
Responsibilities as a Student Employee
Security and confidentiality are matters of concern to all offices and all persons who have access to office facilities.  The Office of the Registrar is the official repository for student academic records, folders, and other files for Sam Houston State University.  As a student employer, many offices are able to extend job opportunities and work experience to supplement students’ finances and education.  In so doing, the student employee is placed in a unique position of trust since a major responsibility of offices is the security and confidentiality of student records and files.  Since conduct either on or off the job could affect or threaten the security and confidentiality of this information, each student employee is expected to adhere to the following:
No one may make or permit unauthorized use of any information in files maintained, stored, or processed by the office in which they are employed.
No one is permitted to seek personal benefit or to allow others to benefit personally by knowledge of any confidential information which has come to them by virtue of their work assignment.
No one is to exhibit or divulge the contents of any record or report to any person except in the conduct of their work assignment and in accordance with University policies and procedures.
No one may knowingly include, or cause to be included, in any record or report a false, inaccurate, or misleading entry.  No one may knowingly expunge, or cause to be expunged, in any record or report a data entry.
No official record or report, or copy thereof, may be removed from the office where it is maintained except in the performance of a person’s duties.
No one is to aid, abet, or act in conspiracy with another to violate any part of this code.
Any knowledge of a violation must be immediately reported to the person’s supervisor.
Parental Access to Children's Education Records
At the postsecondary level, parents have no inherent rights to inspect a student’s education records.  The right to inspect is limited solely to the student.
Records may be released to parents only under the following circumstances:  (1) through the written consent of the student, (2) in compliance with a subpoena, or (3) by submission of evidence that the parents declare the student as a dependent on their most recent Federal Income Tax form.  An institution is not required to disclose information from the student’s education records to the parents of a dependent student.  It may, however, exercise its discretion to do so.
Parent Page Account Login
Parent Page Account Login
Office of the Registrar
Home
Transcripts and Student Records
Official Transcripts Information
Order Online
By Mail
By Proxy
Transcript Holds
Unofficial Transcripts
Enrollment Verification
Registration
Registration Information
Before You Register - Checklist
How to Register and More
Registration Error Message
& Hold Solutions
Peace Officer and Firefighter Exemptions
Auditing Classes
Academic Probation or Suspension
Undergraduate Tuition for Excessive Hours
Texas Success Initiative (TSI)
Student Resources
Forms and Documents
Student Privacy Information
Graduation
Parent Resources
Faculty and Staff
Faculty and Staff Resources
Schedule Build Resources
Forms and Documents
About Us
Contact Us
Staff
Organizational Chart
Our Mission
Enrollment Management Mission
Important Dates and Calendars
Academic Calendar
College of Osteopathic Medicine Academic Calendar
Registration Schedule
Open/Close Dates for Registration
Add, Drop and Resignation Deadlines
Drop, Resignation and Refund Policies
Final Exam Schedule