http://www.mcc.cc.ms.us/about_mcc/policies_and_procedures/institutional_effectiveness/index.html
Home
About MCC
Policies and Procedures
Institutional Effectiveness
Skip Navigation
Directory Navigation Directory Links
Bicycle Regulations
EagleAlert
Annual Public Notice
Institutional Effectiveness
Missing Persons Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Student Complaint Procedure
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Strategic Plan
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Skip Navigation
Directory Navigation
Bicycle Regulations
EagleAlert
Annual Public Notice
Institutional Effectiveness
Missing Persons Policy
Sexual Misconduct Policy
Student Complaint Procedure
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Refund Policy
Strategic Plan
Title IX Sexual Harassment Policy
Tour MCC Campus
Not sure yet? Visit our campus and imagine yourself as a student here. Tour the campus
with a college recruiter and explore the possibilities.
SCHEDULE TOUR
Institutional Effectiveness
It is the goal of the Office of Institutional Effectiveness and Accountability to
provide the leadership of the institution with data necessary to make informed decisions,
so as to guide the institution in meeting established goals.  Primary forms of data
provided include the annual Report Card, Non-financial Performance Indicators, and
Workforce Metrics.  Click on a link below to view the data.
Report Card
In accordance with House Bill No. 1071 from the 2010 legislative session, Meridian
Community College has released its Community College Report Card.
The Community College Report Card is designed to reflect the unique missions of the
community colleges. The measures that are used align closely with the Voluntary Framework
of Accountability developed by the American Association of Community Colleges.
Information on the Community College Report Card includes student enrollment, degrees
awarded, student success, student retention, student progress, workforce development
information, GED and adult basic education statistics, as well as enrollment and success
in development or remedial coursework (college readiness). Each report card includes
information for the specific college, along with figures for the system. Most metrics
are based upon a specified cohort of students, defined as a group of students who
enter or start a program at the same time. Specific cohort definitions and dates are
indicated with each metric. Cohort dates will vary, depending on whether the metric
reflects entry or outcome data. An explanation of each section of the Report Card
is attached.
Where possible, these Reports Cards use data being reported annually to the State
Workforce Investment Board, the U.S. Department of Education, and to Complete College
America. Other data comes in part from the Mississippi Life Tracks systems and have
been independently validated by the National Strategic Planning and Analysis Research
Center (nSPARC) at Mississippi State University.
2011 Report Card2012 Report Card2013 Report Card2014 Report Card2015 Report Card2016 Report Card 2017 Report Card2018 Report Card2019 Report Card
Programs Offered
Performance Indicators
Meridian Community College is a two year public institution of Higher Learning in
the state of Mississippi, and as such, is funded  through an appropriation bill set
forth by the Mississippi State Legislature.  Since the 1996 fiscal year, the appropriation
bill each year has included performance targets for a set of performance measures
reported annually by each college or university.  Although the outcomes were reported
each year, the performance measures had no bearing on funding.  In 2012, the Mississippi
State Legislature passed a bill to establish the Education Achievement Council (EAC),
whose primary role was to research and develop a new funding mechanism for community
colleges and institutions of higher learning based on productivity.  As a result of
the work of the EAC, new non-financial performance indicators were established and
incorporated into the annual appropriation bill.  Currently, a funding formula based
on the new performance indicators has not been established but is expected to be established
in future fiscal years.
In addition to the non-financial performance indicators embedded in the appropriation
bill, Meridian Community College has established additional measures of performance
to be submitted with the Mississippi Budget Request (MBR).  Both sets of indicators
are included in the link below.
2013 Non-Financial Performance Indicators
Workforce Metrics
The Mississippi Community College Board requires community colleges in Mississippi
to report data from Workforce Education (Career and Technical) programs on student
achievement.  This data includes technical skill attainment; credential, certificate,
or diploma attainment; student retention or transfer outcomes; and student placement.
Benchmarks are set by the MCCB; programs that do not meet a benchmark are put on a
Program Improvement Plan. Click on a link below to view a report.
2012-2013 Perkins District Summary Report
In addition to the indicators measured on the Perkins Report, Meridian Community College
also measures both First-Write and Cumulative pass rates for Health Education programs.
These programs include Dental Assisting, Dental Hygiene, Medical Laboratory, Health
Information, Medical Assisting, Radiologic Technology, Respiratory Care Practitioner,
Physical Therapist Assistant, Surgical Technology, Associate Degree Nursing, and Practical
Nursing.  Click on a link below to view a report.
2012-2013 Health Education Board Results
Find Your Wings
Apply for AdmissionSchedule Campus TourRequest Information
Enroll Now
Register for Spring Classes
Current Students
Oct. 26
New Student
Nov. 9
Online Classes
Classes Begin Every 4 Weeks
Full Term
15 Weeks
Short Term
3, 4, 8 Weeks
©