http://www.crown.edu/privacy-policy
Some of the Javascript and CSS styles used on this website are not supported by this browser. It's recommended to change your browser to Chrome, Firefox, or Safari for the best viewing experience. Crown Together | crown.edu/coronavirusWebsite Privacy Policy StatementYOUR PRIVACYWe are committed to protecting your privacy. When you visit the Crown College website, certain pieces of information may be recorded in order to provide us with an aggregate view of user trends, or to offer you an enhanced level of service and convenience. This data is never shared unless it is necessary for a service that we provide through a trusted vendor, or we are legally obligated to do so.INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTIn common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.Statistics related to your visit (aggregated using Google Analytics).INFORMATION YOU PROVIDEForms on the website may ask you for additional information such as your name, address and email address. The information you provide is used only for the purpose(s) indicated on the form. Occasionally, your information may be retained in order to contact you as a consequence related to the intent of the form, about a similar event or service or to provide you with information about another topic to which you have previously indicated a high level of interest.COOKIESCookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also, they may be used to track your return visits to the website.We may use cookies to improve your individual experience on the website. These cookies are rendered useless unless you are interacting with the website.INACCURATE INFORMATIONIf your personal information appears incorrectly in some area of the website, or you believe we are retaining erroneous information about you elsewhere, please contact us.THIRD PARTY DATA INTEGRITYWe utilize a number of outside products and services to provide our visitors with a more comprehensive online experience. We take all reasonable precautions to verify the authenticity and reliability of our service providers and vendors.SECURITYTo keep your (and our) information strictly confidential, we protect it with physical and electronic safeguards, and we make sure that we abide by applicable federal security standards. We do not allow anyone to have access to information unless we authorize or designate them to do so.In addition, we require all outside businesses or organizations that we work with in any area of our organization, including marketing and data processing, to maintain the confidentiality of your information in accordance with this privacy policy and to comply with all applicable laws. However, we may report your information to government regulators and/or law enforcement agencies, as required by law in connection with a fraud investigation or in response to a subpoena or legal process.We use:Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to transmit and store confidential information.Firewall protection, physical and electronic, and secure access protection to prevent unauthorized access to our data.Our website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Crown College is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware and read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.CONSENT AND UPDATESBy using this website, you consent to practices described in the Privacy Notice posted at this website. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this website. Crown College reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept these changes.MARKETING AND ADVERTISINGBecause we believe Crown College offers outstanding educational opportunities, we use online marketing efforts to advertise and introduce the college to people who may be interested in what is offered here.As such we want to disclose to you the nature of these advertising efforts and the options available to you for limiting or opting out of them.The Google Analytics features we’ve implemented are based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing or Google Display Network Impression Reporting).You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.You may also be interested in the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.Third-party vendors, including Google, display our ads on sites across the Internet.We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize and serve ads based on past visits to our website.We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to this site.Next StepTaking the next step isn’t a leap of faith – it’s a leap into your faith and top-tier academics. Ready. Set. Start right here, online. Get More Info Apply now