http://www.studyglobal.com/home/privacy-policy.htm
Price Calculator
Since 2002
More than 30.000 customers,
With a 98% satisfaction rate
Let us guide you!
The Lowest Price Guaranteed
If you find a better offer,
We return you the difference
Our Prices
One of the Leading
European Agencies
Read more about us
Special Offers
for Friends and Groups
Our Offers
Our certified schools
Are inspected regularly
Get the Course for You
Get a personalized offer
In less than 48 hours
Get your budget!
Students from 50 different countries
study and travel
with us each year
Testimonials
110 Destinations,
Offices in 6 countries
Call us toll free at
US 800 7743948
Call us toll free at
UK 0800 404 7759
Call us toll free at
US 800 7743948
or we'll call you for free
Home
Languages
Courses
Programs
Language Programs for 30+
Language Programs for Families
Long Term Courses
Exam Preparation
PLUS Courses
Home Tuition
Group Travel
Need a Job?
English for Aviation
Demi-Pair
Prices
Price Calculator
Prices
Special Offers
Quote Request
Booking
Information
Course Search
Flights
Accreditations
Save Money
Course Types
Language Levels
Accommodation
Insurance
Visa Info
Travel Info
How To Book
FAQ
About StudyGlobal
About Us
Contact
Testimonials
Jobs
Blog
Service 1
Service 2
Booking
Free quote
Home
Languages
Courses
Programs
- Language Programs for 30+
- Language Programs for Families
- Long Term Courses
- Exam Preparation
- PLUS Courses
- Home Tuition
- Group Travel
- Need a Job?
- English for Aviation
- Demi-Pair
Prices
- Price Calculator
- Prices
- Special Offers
- Quote Request
- Booking
Information
- Course Search
- Flights
- Accreditations
- Save Money
- Course Types
- Language Levels
- Accommodation
- Insurance
- Visa Info
- Travel Info
- How To Book
- FAQ
About StudyGlobal
- About Us
- Contact
- Testimonials
- Jobs
- Blog
- Service 1
- Service 2
Booking
SpainBarcelona
Madrid
Seville
Palma de Mallorca
Alicante
Granada
Málaga
Almuñecar
Costa RicaHeredia
Sámara
MexicoCuernavaca
Playa del Carmen
ArgentinaBuenos Aires
ChileSantiago
GuatemalaAntigua
EcuadorCuenca
PeruLima
CubaHavana
VenezuelaMérida
Pampatar, Isla Margarita
Playa Colorada
FranceLyon
Montpellier
Nice
Paris
Bordeaux
EnglandLondon
Cambridge
Portsmouth
Liverpool
Bournemouth
Brighton
Manchester
Bristol
Newcastle
Oxford
Hastings
York
Ramsgate
Home Tuition UK
ScotlandEdinburgh
Glasgow
IrelandDublin
Cork
Belfast
Galway
Bray
Home Tuition Ireland
MaltaGozo
Sliema
St. Julians
Home Tuition Malta
USANew York
Los Angeles
Santa Barbara
Denver
San Diego
Fort Lauderdale
Honolulu
San Francisco
Miami Beach
Boston
Washington
Home Tuition USA
CanadaCalgary
Toronto
Vancouver
Montreal
AustraliaSydney
Brisbane
Byron Bay
Darwin
Perth
New ZealandAuckland
Wellington
South AfricaCape Town
AustriaVienna
GermanyBerlin
Munich
Frankfurt
Hamburg
Cologne
ItalyFlorence
Milan
Rome
RussiaMoscow
St. Petersburg
BrazilRio de Janeiro
PortugalFaro
Lisbon
ChinaBeijing
Shanghai
close
SpanishSpain
Costa Rica
Mexico
Argentina
Chile
Guatemala
Ecuador
Peru
Cuba
Venezuela
FrenchFrance
EnglishEngland
Scotland
Ireland
Malta
USA
Canada
Australia
New Zealand
South Africa
GermanAustria
Germany
ItalianItaly
RussianRussia
PortugueseBrazil
Portugal
ChineseChina
close
Home
Privacy Policy
Adults
Juniors
Professionals
Work&Travel
Legal Information + Privacy Policy
I. Company Details
The following domains are the responsibility of the below company:
Domain (s): www.studyglobal.net /.com /.com.br /.de /.es /.fr /.it /.pt /.pl /.cz /.ru
Company name: SG Education LTD. CO.
II. Protection of personal data
· As part of compliance with the current legislation, whose purpose is to guarantee and protect, with regard to the treatment of personal data, the freedom and fundamental rights of physical persons, and especially their honor and personal privacy, SG Education LTD. CO. informs users that:
· SG Education LTD. CO. has adopted the technical and organizational measures in accordance with current regulations.
· The personal data included in the forms of recruitment SG Education LTD. CO. website are processed manually and / or automated and incorporated into files that comply with security measures required under current regulations.
· The personal data included in the forms of recruitment SG Education LTD. CO. website are reproduced in a database, registered in the General Data Protection.
· The collection and processing of personal data is aimed at maintaining the contractual relationship that may be established with SG Education LTD. CO., and the performance of the tasks of the company.
· SG Education LTD. CO. has adopted adequate security levels to the data provided and also have installed all the technical means and measures at its disposal to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access and theft of data we provide.
· The user may at any time exercise their rights under the Data Protection Act, access, rectification, cancellation and opposition. The exercise of these rights may be exercised by email to info@studyglobal.com or by writing to the above mentioned mailing address.
III. Intellectual Property
The texts (images, sound, audio, video, software or texts, trademarks or logos, color combinations, structure and design, selection of materials, computer programs necessary for its operation, access and use, etc ...) and graphic elements (design, logos, fonts and the like) that make up the website and disseminated through it, and its presentation and assembly, are exclusively owned by SG Education LTD. CO. or holds the rights to use these to through agreements with third parties.
SG Education LTD. CO. does not grant or permit any of its rights of intellectual property or any other property or right related to this website, unless expressly agreed with third parties.
Apart from the above, SG Education LTD. CO. prohibits any reproduction, distribution, processing, presentation, total or partial, of the contents of the website or any of its elements, directly or indirectly through telecommunications networks or similar media, with a commercial purpose intended the public or for use beyond these, even quoting the source, provided that they have obtained the express written authorization of SG Education LTD. CO.. Failure to comply with the above entitles SG Education LTD. CO. to take the appropriate legal action.
Specifically prohibited is:
- The presentation of a web site page in a frame of another website that is not in SG Education LTD. CO., using the technique called "framing" unless it has the express written consent of SG Education LTD. CO..
- The extraction and use of website elements or without causing any damage to SG Education LTD. CO..
Any rights not expressly granted are reserved to SG Education LTD. CO. or possibly a third partner.
IV. Others
· SG Education LTD. CO. can modify, without prior notice, the information contained in its website, as well as its settings and presentation.
· SG Education LTD. CO. is committed through this means NOT to give any misleading information.
· To this end, therefore, not be considered false advertising formal or numeric errors which may be found throughout the content of the various sections of the SG Education LTD. CO. site, produced as a result of maintenance and / or upgrade incomplete or faulty information contained in these sections. SG Education LTD. CO., in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph, undertakes to correct as soon as it becomes aware of such errors.
· SG Education LTD. CO. undertakes NOT TO SEND ADVERTISING CORRESPONDENCE WITHOUT IDENTIFYING IT AS SUCH
· For this purpose it will be considered as advertising information sent TO THE CLIENTS of SG Education LTD. CO. provided its object is to maintain the existing contractual relationship between client and SG Education LTD. CO., and the performance of the tasks the service which the client has contracted with the company.
· SG Education LTD. CO. is not responsible for the breach of any rule that may be incurred by the user's access to the website and / or use of the information contained therein.
· SG Education LTD. CO. is not responsible for any damage caused or likely to occur, whatever their nature, derived from the use of the information, the matters contained in this web site and the programs included. The links (links) and hypertext, which, through the website, allow the user to access features and services offered by third parties, not owned or controlled by SG Education LTD. CO., the company is not done liable for the information contained in these nor for any effects that might result from such information.
· SG Education LTD. CO. is not responsible for the illegitimate use that third parties may make of the brand names, product names, trademarks, not owned by that entity, appearing on the website. It is not responsible for the integrity, veracity and legality of the content of the web links which can be accessed from the web.
· SG Education LTD. CO. is not responsible for viruses which originate in a data transmission by third parties (eg, macros in word processors, Java applets and Active X programs), created with the purpose of obtaining negative results for a computer system.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for the use they make of the services, contents, links (links) and hypertext included in the website.
If you need more information call us toll free at
US 1 800 774 3948 or UK 0800 404 7759
or leave us your phone number or we'll call you back for free:
You can also contact us through our website
Contact