http://www.nacacnet.org/privacy-policy/
Contact
Donate
Store
Join
Renew
Edit Profile
Login
Menu
About
Overview
NACAC Report on Leadership in College Admission
Board of Directors
Governance
National Standing and Special Committees
NACAC History
Special Interest Groups (SIGs)
Awards
Affiliates
Advertising and Sponsorship Opportunities
Strategic Plan
Membership
Membership Overview
Update Your Member Profile
Welcome New Members
Member Directory
NACAC Exchange
Renew Your Membership
Revised Membership Model
Events
National College Fairs
National Conference
Guiding the Way to Inclusion
NACAC Town Halls
Affiliate Annual Conferences
Annual Advocacy Meeting
Antiracist Education Institute
Professional Development
Guiding the Way to Inclusion
Antiracist Education Institute
Career Center
Emerging Admission Professionals
Webinars
Continuing Education
Leadership Opportunities
College Access & Success Programs
E-Learning
Cultural Fluency
Advocacy & Ethics
NACAC’s Guide to Ethical Practice in College Admission
Policy Initiatives
Annual Advocacy Meeting
Take Action
Monthly Advocacy Checklist
Legislative Positions
Policy Briefs
Relevant Court Cases
Advocacy Letters
Knowledge Center
Knowledge Center Search
College Rankings
Standardized Testing
Financing College
International
Marginalized Populations
Professional Standards
Student Athletes
School Profiles
Transfer
News & Publications
Admitted Blog
Journal of College Admission
NACAC in the News
Newsroom
Coronavirus and College Admission
Podcast: College Admissions Decoded
Publications
Research & Reports
Home
Privacy Policy
This document was updated on September 1, 2020
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN THIS REGARD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITES OR ENGAGE IN COMMUNICATIONS WITH US.
INTRODUCTION
The National Association for College Admission Counseling (NACAC) (also referred to as "we", "us", and "our") respects the online privacy of its members and other website visitors ("you"). We also believe in transparency and are committed to providing users of our Websites with choices about how we handle personal information.
What processing activities are covered? This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of personal information when you visit this nacacnet.org  and our other websites, nacacfairs.org, nacacconference.org, and virtualcollegefairs.org (collectively, the "Websites").
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes our practices for collecting, handling, and disclosing the information that we receive from you via the Websites, through email, text, and other electronic communications with you, or when you interact with any other website or service operated by NACAC or third parties that specifically refer to this Policy. This Policy does not apply to any information that you may provide to us offline or through any other website or service operated by NACAC or third parties that do not specifically refer to this Policy.
Who is responsible for your personal information? If you are a user in the European Union (the “EU”) or European Economic Area (“EEA”), for purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), we act as a data controller with respect to the personal information described in the “How Do We Process Personal Information” section of this Policy. In this role, we are responsible for implementing the applicable data protection principles and for safeguarding personal information.
HOW DO WE PROCESS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
What Information Does NACAC Collect and How Do We Use It? NACAC collects, uses, and stores the following personal information obtained from our members and subscribers to provide them with information, products, and services of interest to them, including news, research, event details, an online store, charitable donation opportunities, and career, learning, and leadership opportunities (the "Services"). For other users of our Websites, we only collect Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may collect and process the following personal information from you for the purposes set forth below, including in the “Other Processing Activities” section of this Policy, and for any other purposes to which you consent or that we may describe when you provide the information:
Category
Description
From NACAC's Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers
In order to access and use certain member-only portions and personalized features of the Websites, you must first complete a registration form that asks you to submit certain limited personal information. This information generally includes your name, organization name, business telephone number, and email address. Similar information may be submitted by you to NACAC through any membership applications, meeting and exhibit registration, publication orders, subscriptions, and contest registrations and is used to contact you about the Services available on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
We process this information to (1) present and improve web content and functionality; (2) respond to visitor, subscriber, and member inquiries; (3) to provide notice of changes to our Websites or the Services we offer or provide though it; (4) to accept event registration information submitted by you; (5) to deliver the Services to you, including, but not limited to, providing you with access to publications such as our bi-monthly newsletter, bi-weekly College Admissions news, quarterly print or online versions of the Journal of College Admission, and the Admitted blog; and (6) to develop new products and services;.
For purposes of the GDPR, the legal basis for this processing is consent or, where applicable, our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Websites, Services and operations, the proper management of our relationships, and the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
From Email Marketing Software
NACAC uses email marketing software to collect information to monitor whether recipients of our emails open, forward and subsequently click through to links provided in the email message. Other information collected through this email tracking feature includes: user email address, the date and time of the user's "click" on the email, a message number, name of the list from which the message was sent, a tracking URL number, and destination page.
NACAC only processes this information to enhance its marketing efforts. NACAC only sends email communications to recipients who have opted into being contacted about our Services.
For purposes of the GDPR, the legal basis for this processing is consent or, where applicable, our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Websites, Services and business as well as the proper management of our relationships.
Your Communications
When you communicate with us, we may retain your communications. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our Services or send you periodic emails if you decide to opt-in to any of our mailing lists.
You may opt in to receive telephone calls (which may be recorded), text messages, and emails from NACAC and one or more higher education institutions and other organizations at the number or email provided, which may include the use of an automatic telephone dialing system.
We process this information to (1) respond to visitor, subscriber, and member inquiries; (2) determine user interests, needs, and preferences; (3) provide notice of changes to our Websites or the Services we offer or provide though it; (4) accept employment application or event registration information submitted by you; and (5) deliver the Services to you, including, but not limited to, providing you with access to publications such as our bi-monthly newsletter, bi-weekly College Admissions news, quarterly print or online versions of the Journal of College Admission, and the Admitted blog.
For purposes of the GDPR, the legal basis for this processing is consent or, where applicable, our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Websites, Services, and operations, the proper management of our relationships, and the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
Your Orders
When completing an order form, we will request certain information from you, including contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date) for billing and fulfillment purposes.
We process this information to (1)  respond to visitor, subscriber, and member inquiries; (2) determine user interests, needs, and preferences; (3) provide notice of changes to our Websites or the Services we offer or provide though it; (4) accept event registration information submitted by you; (5) deliver the Services to you, including, but not limited to, providing you with access to publications such as our bi-monthly newsletter, bi-weekly College Admissions news, quarterly print or online versions of the Journal of College Admission, and the Admitted blog; (6) develop new products and services; and (7) fulfill and bill orders and process donations and credit card payments, as well as manage the data associated with those purposes.
For purposes of the GDPR, the legal basis for this processing is consent or, where applicable, our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Websites, Services, and operations, the proper management of our relationships, and the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
Virtual College Fairs
If you register for or attend one of our virtual college fairs, our third-party service provider, VisitDays, will also collect the information described in the Virtual College Fair Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. NACAC acts as the controller of this information, and VisitDays is our processor. Because VisitDays powers the Virtual College Fairs platform, your information will be shared with them as needed to provide the services.
We process this information to (1) respond to visitor, subscriber, and member inquiries; (2) determine user interests, needs, and preferences; (3) provide notice of changes to our Websites or the Services we offer or provide though it; (4) accept employment application or event registration information submitted by you; (5) deliver the Services to you, including, but not limited to, providing you with access to publications such as our bi-monthly newsletter, bi-weekly College Admissions news, quarterly print or online versions of the Journal of College Admission, and the Admitted blog; (6) develop new products and services; and (7) fulfill and bill orders and process donations and credit card payments, as well as manage the data associated with those purposes.
For purposes of the GDPR, the legal basis for this processing is consent or, where applicable, our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Websites, Services, and operations, the proper management of our relationships, and the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
Credit Card Account Information
When you choose to make payments via the Services or the Website using your credit card information, NACAC submits the information via secure means to authorize your payment request with the appropriate merchant.
We process this information to fulfill and bill orders and process donations and credit card payments, as well as manage the data associated with those purposes.
For purposes of the GDPR, the legal basis for this processing is consent or, where applicable, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
Cookies and Similar Technologies; Usage Information
We, like many websites, may passively collect information about your browsing activities using cookies and similar technologies (internet tags, web beacons, and navigational data collection), as further described in our Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy.
We collect this information about your browsing activities to (1) present and improve web content and functionality; (2) deliver the Services to you; (3) analyze use of the Websites, (4) provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on the Websites, (4) improve our marketing efforts, and (6) to improve the content and the functionality of our website.
We rely on your express opt-in consent for the use of analytic or marketing cookies and similar technologies. The legal basis for processing of strictly necessary cookies is our legitimate interests in the proper administration of our Websites and business.
Other Processing Activities. We may process any of the personal information identified in this Policy when necessary for:
The establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, whether in court, administrative, or other proceedings. (The legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest in the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights, and the legal rights of others.)
Obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice (The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the proper protection of our business.)
Purposes that are consistent with, related to and/or ancillary to the purposes and uses described in this Policy for which your personal information was provided to us.
We may process your personal information in connection with any of the purposes and uses set out in this Policy on one or more of the following legal grounds:
Because it is necessary to perform the services you have requested or to comply with your instructions or other contractual obligations between you and us;
To comply with our legal obligations as well as to keep records of our compliance processes;
Because our legitimate interests, or those of a third-party recipient of your personal information, make the processing necessary, provided those interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms;
Because you have chosen to publish or display your personal information on a public area of the Websites, such as a comment area;
Because it is necessary to protect your vital interests;
Because it is necessary in the public interest; or
Because you have expressly given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular manner.
We do not use personal information for making any automated decisions affecting or creating profiles other than as described herein.
Is Entry of Personal Information required? You may choose not to provide us with any personal information. Even if you choose not to provide any personal information, you may still access and use much of the Websites. However, you will not be able to access any portions of the Websites that require your personal information. Some pages on the Websites may give you the option of providing certain of your personal information about yourself.
How Does NACAC Share the Data It Collects? When we are acting as a data controller and where the GDPR does not apply, we may share your information in the following contexts.
Category
Disclosure Contexts
Affiliates
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with their respective officers, directors, employees, accountants, attorneys and agents.
Acquisitions and Similar Transactions
We may disclose your personal information in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our company assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
Membership Directory
NACAC members and event registrants may consent to having their contact information shared with other members through the NACAC Membership Directory or with other individuals who register for NACAC fairs and conferences (which are each subject to opt-out processes).
Disclosures to Third Parties
NACAC also may provide limited data about you to third parties that offer products and services specifically requested by you, including exhibits, events, and professional development activities. You may request to withdraw this consent at any time.
NACAC may also disclose personal information that we collect or you provide to us with our subsidiaries, affiliates, and third party business partners, who are bound to keep your information confidential in line with our policies, use the information solely in connection with offering information, products, and services specifically requested by you, and only for a limited time appropriate to your request. These subsidiaries, affiliates, and third party business partners include the following categories of individuals and entities who support our Services: decorators, audio visual personnel, lead retrieval services, digital and print marketing, exposition and event management, logistics (hotels, convention centers, university campus, catering), advertising (direct mail and email), speaker/presenter management, proceeding/session recording, mobile applications, email marketing, business process vendors and service providers, and learning system management.
Such data shared with third parties on your behalf may include names, job titles, companies and business addresses, but does not include business phone numbers, business fax numbers, email addresses, or any sensitive information about you.  Users may decline to disclose such data by stating their preference on any forms or communications used to provide us with their personal information. Alternatively, users may contact NACAC at  703-836-2222, Ext. 11, to modify or revoke their consent to such disclosure. Your personal data will only be used and stored for the period necessary for us or our third-party providers to provide you with the Services that you have requested.
Virtual Fairs
We also share your personal information with educational institutions and other third-party organization, including educational vendors and exhibitors at our virtual college fairs. We may receive compensation for sharing this information with them, and recipients may contact you about their services and offerings.
Disclosures with Your Consent
We may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Policy. We may also provide personal information about you to third parties that may offer products and services specifically requested by you. We will only disclose your personal information in this context with your consent.
Legal Obligations and Rights
We may disclose your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders or other legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against a legal claim, and to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our contracts. We may also disclose personal information as needed to protect vital interests or if necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or other persons or entities.
Service Providers
We may share your personal information with our service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services on our behalf. Among other things, service providers help us to administer the Websites; support our provision of services requested by you; provide technical support; send marketing, promotions and communications to you about our services; provide payment processing; and assist with other legitimate purposes permitted by law.
Professional Advisors
We may share your personal information with our insurers and other professional advisors, including attorneys and accountants, that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services on our behalf.
Deidentified or Aggregated Data
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any specific individual, such as groupings of demographic data and customer preferences, for new product and marketing development
No Privacy In Public Areas Of The Website. If you choose to publish or display (hereinafter, “post”) information to public areas of the Websites, or transmit it to other users of the Websites or any third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”), you do so at your own risk and you acknowledge that you are manifestly making those User Contributions, including any personal information that you disclose as part of those Contributions, public and accessible by other users of the Websites. Although we limit access to certain webpages, please be aware that no measures are perfectly secure or private, nor can we control other users of the Websites with whom your User Contributions may be shared. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be accessed by unauthorized persons or entities.
HOW LONG DOES NACAC STORE DATA?
We retain the personal information that we collect from and about you for as long as it is needed to provide access to the Website, to manage your account, to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to comply with our business requirements and legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to protect our assets, to provide our services, and to enforce our agreements.
We take reasonable steps to delete the personal information we collect when (1) we have a legal obligation to do so, (2) we no longer have a purpose for retaining the information, and (3) if you ask us to delete your information, unless we determine that doing so would violate our existing, legitimate legal, regulatory, dispute resolution, contractual, or similar obligations. We may also decide to delete your personal information if we believe it is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued storage of your personal information is contrary to our legal obligations or business objectives.
To the extent permitted by law, we may retain and use anonymous or aggregated information for performance reporting, benchmarking and analytic purposes and for product and service improvement. When we delete personal information, it will be removed from our active servers and databases; but, it may remain in our archives when it is not practical or possible to delete it.
WHAT PRIVACY ISSUES MAY ARISE WITH LINKS TO OTHER SITES?
This Policy is applicable only to the Websites, and it does not apply to any third-party websites.
The Websites may contain links to, and media and other content from, third party websites. Those links are to external websites and third parties with which we have no relationship. Because of the dynamic media capabilities of the Websites, it may not be clear to you which links are to the Websites and which are to external, third party websites.  If you click on an embedded third-party link, you will be redirected away from our Websites to the external third-party site. You can check the URL to confirm that you have left our Websites.
NACAC cannot and does not: (i) guarantee the adequacy of the privacy, security, practices, content, or media provided by third parties or their websites, (ii) control third parties' independent collection or use of your information, or (iii) endorse any third party information, products, services, or websites that may be reached through links from this Website.
Any personal information provided by you to, or automatically collected from you by, a third party will be governed by that party’s privacy policy and terms of use. If you are unsure whether a web site is controlled, affiliated, or managed by us, you should review the privacy policy and practices applicable to each linked website.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?
We have created ways to provide you with control over our collection and use of your personal information. Please use the “How to Contact Us” details at the end of this Policy to exercise your rights and choices under this Policy.
Communication Opt-Out. If you no longer want to receive any email, postal mail, or telephone contact from us or our affiliates in the future, please let us know of your preference by contacting us with your exact name and email address by either submitting a "Contact Us" form on this Website or calling us at 703-836-2222, ext. 11. You also may send us an email stating your request or unsubscribe by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in the email’s footer. After you do so, we will remove your personal information from our mailing lists per your instructions.  Members also have the option of logging into the Websites and adjusting their user preferences through their account profiles by either removing their profiles or requesting to be removed from any method of contact.
Accuracy and Updating Your Personal Information. Our goal is to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete. If any of the personal information you have provided to us changes, please let us know via the “How to Contact Us” details at the end of this Policy. We are not responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete personal data that you provide to us.
Preferences. If you wish to change your communication preferences or ask that we restrict how we use your personal information, please contact us via the “How to Contact Us” details at the end of this Policy. You may follow opt-out links on any marketing communications sent to you.
Cookies. For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/. You may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/, http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and http://youronlinechoices.eu/. Please see our Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy for more information.
What Is "Do Not Track"? "Do Not Track" is a web browser setting that seeks to disable the tracking of individual users' browsing activities. It is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, we adhere to the standards set out in this Policy and do not currently respond to “Do Not Track” signals on our Websites or on third-party websites or online services where we may collect information.
Your California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our website who are California residents and provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing, if any, will be included in our response. To make such a request, please contact us at 703-836-2222, ext. 11. All users of our Websites may make any changes to their information at any time through their account profiles.
Nevada Residents. You may submit a verified request to us at customerservice@nacacnet.org to request that we not make any sale (as defined under Nevada law) of any covered information (as defined under Nevada law) that we have collected or will collect about you. Please provide your name and contact information in your request, and we will respond to your request in accordance with Nevada law.
Reasonable Accommodations and the Online Application Process. Consistent with our commitment to equal employment opportunity, we provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities who need assistance in applying electronically for a position with us, unless doing so would impose an undue hardship. To request a reasonable accommodation for this purpose, please call (800) 822-6285 or (703) 836-2222, Ext. 11. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.
Complaints. If you believe that your rights relating to your personal information have been violated, you may lodge a complaint with us by contacting us via the “Contact Us” details provided at the end of this Policy.
EU/EEA Residents. If you are located in the EU or EEA, you have the following rights under the GDPR. All requests should be sent to the address noted in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Policy, and we will fulfill requests to the extent required by applicable law. If you would like to change your preferences regarding receipt of our communications, edit, or delete your personal information, or request a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us via email or telephone at (800) 822-6285 or (703) 836-2222, Ext. 11.
Right of Access. To the extent required by law, you have the right to receive confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information: the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed. We will provide a copy of your personal information in compliance with applicable law.
Right of Rectification. Our goal is to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete. Please contact us if you believe your information is not accurate or if it changes. You can review and make changes to your account profile by logging into the Website. If you demonstrate that your information is inaccurate or incomplete, the information will be amended as appropriate.
Right to Erasure. In some cases, you have a legal right to request that we delete your personal information when (1) it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, (2) consent has been withdrawn in certain instances, (3) you have objected to the processing in certain instances, (4) the personal information has been unlawfully processed, (5) the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation; and (6) the personal data were collected in relation to the offer of information society services. However, the right is not absolute. When we delete personal information, it will be removed from our active servers and databases as well as the Websites; but, it may remain in our archives when it is not practical or possible to delete it. We may also retain your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce any agreements. Note that we cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. Upon your request, NACAC will provide to you the information under our control, as well as information about the ways in which that information is being used and disclosed.
Right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to restrict the processing of your data when (1) the accuracy of the personal data is contested, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data; (2) the processing is unlawful and you oppose erasure and request a restriction instead; (3) we no longer need the personal data, but you need us to keep it for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (4) you have objected to us processing the personal information, pending resolution of the objection.
Right to Object. In certain circumstances, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal information where the processing is necessary for performance of a task carried out in the public interest, for our legitimate interests, or for the legitimate interests of others. You also have the right to object where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes or for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes.
Right to Withdraw Consent. If you have provided your consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of your personal information, you may have the right to fully or partially withdraw your consent. Once we have received notice that you have withdrawn your consent, in whole or in part, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented and have since withdrawn unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for further processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims. Withdrawal of consent to receive marketing communications will not affect the processing of personal information for the provision of our services.
Right to Complain. If you believe we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable provisions of the GDPR, we encourage you to contact us at customerservice@nacacnet.org. You also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority or seek a remedy through the courts. Please note that your request may be declined for limited purposes recognized by law and you have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority or authorities or pursue any other remedy available to you under applicable law if you believe that your request has been wrongfully denied by us. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available at: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), as well as other data privacy regulations, restrict the collection, use, or disclosure of Personal Information from and about children on the internet. Our Websites and the Services are not directed to children aged 13 or younger, nor is information knowingly collected from children under the age of 13.  No one under age 13 may access, browse, or use the website or provide any information to or on the website. If you are under 13, please do not use or provide any information on this website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent or legal guardian's consent, we will take steps to stop collecting that information and delete it. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
For more information about the COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
DATA SECURITY
We take reasonable precautions to protect the security of the information that you share with us from loss and unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, no security system is perfect, and no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely private or secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. We cannot promise that your personal information will remain absolutely secure in all circumstances.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where you use a password for access to certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Do not to share your username and password with anyone.
If a security breach compromises your data, we will provide notifications of the event as required by applicable law.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
Our offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take necessary and appropriate steps to protect your privacy. By using our Websites, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
When storing, hosting, or otherwise processing your information (including personal data), NACAC will send such data outside of the EU or EEA. When we transfer information to the United States or other countries, we do so for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. We rely on recognized legal bases to lawfully conduct international transfers of personal data outside of the EU and EEA, such as your express, informed consent to do so, or when transfer is necessary for us to deliver Services pursuant to a contract between us and you, or when the transfer is subject to safeguards that assure the protection of your personal information, such as the European Commission’s approved standard contractual clauses.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy to reflect any changes to the way in which we treat your personal information or in response to changes in law. Any such changes, updates, or modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting on the Websites. We will post any changes we make to this Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the website home page as well. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of this Policy. Your continued use of the Websites after the “Last Updated” date will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to such changes and to our collection and sharing of your personal information according to the terms of the then-current Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy and our practices, do not access, view, or use any part of the Websites.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, or if you wish to exercise your rights or make a complaint about how we have handled personal information about you, please contact us using the contact details below and we will do our best to assist you:
NACAC1050 N Highland StreetSuite 400Arlington, VA 22201Email: customerservice@nacacnet.org Telephone: (800) 822-6285 or (703) 836-2222, Ext. 11
Expand / Collapse All