http://www.sinclair.edu/about/consumer-info/privacy-statement/
Apply
Course Schedule
Spring Info
Register
Viewbook
Visit
Visiting Students
Apply
Course Schedule
Spring Info
Register
Viewbook
Visit
Visiting Students
About
Locations
Admissions
Academics
Services
Student Life
Giving
HOME
ABOUT
CONSUMER INFORMATION
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Section Navigation
Visit Sinclair
Contact Sinclair
Campus Offices
Fast Facts
Mission
Board of Trustees
Office of the President
Employment Opportunities
Consumer Information
Higher Learning Commission (HLC)
Acceptable Use of Information Technology Policy
Accreditation
Web Accessibility Help
Copyright
Drug Free Workplace Policy
Financial Resources
Information Security Policy
Privacy Statement
Public Use of College Buildings and Grounds
Right to Know: Completion Rates
Student Body Diversity
Sinclair Community College Title IX Sexual Harassment and Sex Discrimination
Transfer and Articulation
Policies Library
Privacy Statement
Overview
Thank you for visiting the Sinclair Community College Website and reviewing our privacy statement. Sinclair Community College does not collect personal information about visitors to our Website unless you choose to provide that information to us. Sinclair Community College does not sell, exchange or release information gathered from your visit to our web site to parties outside the college without your consent. Once we obtain your consent, we consider it valid until revoked by you.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you visit our Website, we automatically gather and store the following information about your visit so that we can track the use of our Website in order to make improvements. This information is stored and used in the aggregate only, and is not used to contact you personally:
The IP address from which you access our Website
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account)
The type of browser and operating system used to access our Website
The date and time you access our site
The pages, files, documents and links that you visit
The Internet address of the website from which you linked to this Website
Cookies
In addition to information collected automatically, we may also collect cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the Website. When you register on the Website, cookies also allow us to save information so that you will not have to re-enter it the next time you visit. Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. Information that we collect from cookies will not be used to create profiles of users and only will be used in aggregate form.
You may set your browser to refuse cookies from any website that you visit. If you so choose, you may still gain access to most of the college's Website, but you may not be able to take advantage of some of the interactive elements offered.
YouTube Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sinclair uses YouTube's API Client and YouTube API Services for displaying video banners and video playlists on it's website. No authorized data or personal information is collected, stored, or shared to any external or third parties by Sinclair, beyond aggregated information on how many times videos are viewed and any social media engagement visitors choose to engage in themselves. Aggregated information is only used internally by Sinclair for determining what video content is in demand and making design improvements to video players.
By using Sinclair's website and video players, you agree to the terms of service. Visitors can view YouTube's Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy for more information.
If You Send Us Personal Information
The Sinclair Community College Website will only collect personal information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide by, for example, sending emails, completing membership forms, registering for classes, events, or other programs, responding to surveys or ordering merchandise. If you provide us with personal information, we will normally respond to your inquiry, request or order. We may also contact you to provide information about college activities, programs, membership and development opportunities and special events that may interest you.
Sinclair Community College will only share information about you to other parties when one or more of the following conditions apply:
We have your consent to share the information.
We need to share your information to provide the service or product you requested.
We need to send your information to companies who work on behalf of Sinclair Community College to provide a service or product to you.
We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or any other legal process.
We find it necessary to protect and defend the legal rights and/or property of Sinclair Community College.
Student directory information may be released without the student’s written consent. Directory information includes: name, address, email address, I.D., photo, telephone number, date and place of birth, major field of study, participation in Sinclair activities and sports, weight and height of members of athletic teams, dates of attendance at Sinclair, degrees, certificates and awards received, and the most recent previous educational institution attended. If you do not want your directory information released, you must complete a form requesting it not be released and file the form with the Director of Registration and Student Records.
Linking
Within the our website there are links to non-Sinclair Websites. When you link to third party Websites, you leave our Website and no longer will be subject to our privacy policy. Sinclair community is not responsible for the privacy practices nor the content of non-Sinclair websites, and such link is not intended to be an endorsement of the non-Sinclair website or its content.
Information Security
Learn more about how Sinclair protects information.
Comments
Sinclair Community College is a large organization with many people sharing responsibility for the content of our Website. Please help us respond to your comments and inquiries by sending them to the appropriate Sinclair Department. Consult our Contact Sinclair webpage to help you determine where to send your inquiry. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at website@sinclair.edu.