https://www.scottishmaritimemuseum.org/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
TwitterFacebookInstagramFlickrYoutube
TICKETS
JOIN
DONATE
This page contains information about our privacy policy, cookies, external links, accessibility and copyright.
Privacy Policy
The Scottish Maritime Museum is committed to protecting the privacy and the confidentiality of the personal information of its customers/visitors to our Website.
Information about our organisation
Main office:
Scottish Maritime Museum | Laird Forge Buildings | 6 Gottries Road | Irvine | Ayrshire | KA12 8QE
Museums at:
Linthouse Building | Harbour Road | Irvine | Ayrshire | KA12 8BT.
Denny Ship Model Experiment Tank | Castle Street | Dumbarton | Dunbartonshire | G82 1QS
Websites
www.scottishmaritimemuseum.org
www.illuminationfestival.co.uk
The Museum is also represented on several social media platforms.
Types of personal data collected
Data collect may be personal, including contact details and credit card information that could include your name, email address, postal address, date of birth and interests.
How personal data is collected
Your data information is collected when you contact us, request information, purchase items, including membership, admission and event tickets, or make donation. We will update your information whenever we get the opportunity to keep it current, accurate and complete.
Data is also collected in person at the Museums and at events the Museum attends.
The credit card information you give for any on-line or off- line transactions is used solely for the purpose of processing that transaction.
Purposes for which data is processed
The personal data collected can be used by us for the following purposes:
To provide a service or product you have requested.
To send you relevant information about the Museum with regards to news, events, special offers including from other organisations which we think may be of interest to you.
For market research purposes.
To improve existing experiences, services and products or to create new ones.
Third parties data disclosure
We will never disclose personal data any third party organisation.
Security
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorised access.
Improper use or disclosure.
Unauthorised modification.
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitor’s personal data.
Rights for access to personal data
You can ask us if we are keeping any personal data about you and you can also request to receive a copy of that personal data – this is called a Subject Access Request.
To make a Subject Access Request you will need to provide adequate proof of identity such as a copy of your passport, birth certificate or driving licence before your request can be processed. There may also be a fee of up to £10 depending on the volume of work required.
Please try to be as clear as possible about the information you are seeking. Once we have received your Subject Access Request, the agreed fee and proof of identity, you will receive a response from us within 40 days and you will be able to get copies of any information we hold on you. However, exemptions to disclosure may apply in some circumstances.
Subject Access Requests should be sent by post to:
Scottish Maritime Museum | Laird Forge Buildings | Gottries Road | Irvine | Ayrshire | KA12 8QE
Or Email: visitorservices@scotmaritime .org.uk
At any time you may request that we delete or correct your personal information. To unsubscribe from the e-news service please use the unsubscribe link contained within the e-newsletter or email visitorservices@scotmaritime .org.uk.
For all other requests please also contact visitorservices@scotmaritime.org.uk
Data Protection Act 1998
The Scottish maritime Museum is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you have any comments on this privacy policy, please contact us using the following email address: visitorservices@scotmaritime.org.uk
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
This website uses cookies to collect information.
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other mobile or handheld device (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website.  They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses this website.
Cookies are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to our customers/visitors.
Cookies cannot be used to identify you personally.
Information collected
We do not use cookies to collect or record information on users’ name, address or other contact details. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Who sets the cookies?
The cookies stored on your computer or other devices when you access this website are set by the Scottish Maritime Museum and other third parties such as social media and sharing networks.
How do I disable cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How to do this will depend on the browser you use, more information can be found on the www.aboutcookies.org website  and we provide further detail below on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers:
Chrome
Click on the “Tools” menu and select “Options”.
Click the “Under the Bonnet” tab, locate the “Privacy” section and click the “Clear browsing data” button.
Select “Delete cookies and other site data” to delete all cookies from the list (alternatively, you can remove all cookies created within a specific time period by selecting the period you want from the dropdown list).
Select “Clear browsing history” to delete traces of which websites you’ve visited.
Select “Clear download history” to delete records of which files and programs you’ve downloaded.
Select “Empty the cache” to delete cached website pages.
You can also delete saved passwords (which log you into websites) and saved form data (such as your name and address).
Then click on the “Clear browsing data” button.
Click on the Close button when you’ve finished.
Mozilla Firefox:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
Click on the icon “privacy”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options.
Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab.
Select the setting the appropriate setting.
Apple Mac Safari
Click Safari in the upper left hand side of your screen.
Click Preferences in the menu that appears.
Click the Privacy tab in the window that appears.
Click the button ‘Remove All Website Data’
Click ‘Remove Now’ in the pop up window that appears.
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the site may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.
Further information
You can find more information about cookies at https://cookiepedia.co.uk and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
External Links
Pages on the Scottish Maritime Museum websites and other platforms include links to relevant content from other external sites.
External links are selected and reviewed when the page is published. However, the Scottish Maritime Museum or any of its partners are not responsible for the content or accessibility of any external websites.
The inclusion of a link to an external website is not an endorsement of that website or the site’s owners (or their products/services).
Accessibility
We make every effort to ensure our websites are accessible and easy to use for everyone, no matter what browser you choose to use, whether or not you have any disabilities and regardless of your experience of using the Internet. This is except for some parts of the website, supplied by third parties that remain outside of our control.
Text size
If you find that the text is too small for you to read, you can change it to a size you’re more comfortable with:
Google Chrome
Select the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar.
Select Settings.
Click Show advanced settings.
In the Web Content section, use the Font size menu to adjust text size.
Mozilla Firefox
Select View to open the View menu.
Select the Text Size option.
Select Increase or Decrease.
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Select View to expand the view drop-down menu.
Select the Text Size option.
Choose your preferred text size.
Apple Mac Safari
Select View to open the View menu.
Select Zoom Text Only if you only want to alter the text size on the web page.
Select Zoom In or Zoom Out.
PDFs
Some files on this website are available in ‘Portable Document format’ (PDF) format.
You need to have a copy of Acrobat Reader on your computer to download these files.
To download Acrobat Reader for FREE, click the following link: www.adobe.co.uk/products/acrobat/readstep2.html
Browsers
Below you will find links to various browsers to help you tailor your current browser to your needs, access alternative browsers or download add-ons:
Google Chrome – google.co.uk/accessibility/products
Information about accessibility covering a range of Google products.
Internet Explorer – microsoft.com
Information provided by Microsoft on how to change browser settings.
Mozilla browsers – mozilla.org
Information provided on how to change browser settings in Mozilla browsers.
Opera – opera.com
Information provided by Opera on how to change browser settings.
JAWS screen reader – freedomscientific.com
Download a free trial copy of the screen reader Jaws.
Royal National Institute of Blind People (RNIB ) offers FREE impartial advice which can be accessed here
Copyright
Creative Commons
The Scottish Maritime Museum is happy to licence use of resources on this site under a Creative Commons attribution – non-commercial licence (Scotland).
Under this licence you are free to copy, distribute, transmit and adapt work for non-commercial purposes providing that you attribute its source. This applies to all unattributed images and information on the website, but NOT to material attributed to other organisations or individuals.
Please note: The Scottish Maritime Museum cannot guarantee that your use of any content found on our website will not infringe any third-party copyright or other intellectual property rights. It is your responsibility to judge whether any of the content may need additional clearances for your intended use and to obtain them.
We would ask that images and extracts used under Creative Commons licence are attributed to Scottish Maritime Museum or the name of our contributor and where practical, a hyperlink provided to the www.scottishmaritimemuseum.org  website.
Where the identity of the copyright owner is not known for certain, it is the responsibility of the individual wishing to reproduce material to make all necessary attempts to trace the identity of the copyright owner and obtain the necessary permission.
Please contact us in case of any query by emailing visitorservices@scotmaritime.org.uk
Intellectual Property
Artists’ copyright lasts throughout their lifetimes and for 70 years from the date of death. When displaying artwork images, we have made every effort not to infringe copyright, and only to display works in copyright if we have permission from artists or their estates. If we have made a mistake, please email visitorservices@scotmaritime.org.uk and we will remove the image(s) from the site immediately.
© Copyright 2018. Website by Adworks
Back To Top×
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. We will always store your personal details securely and never pass them on to a third party unless we have informed you. We'll use them to provide the service that you have requested and communicate with you in the way(s) that you have agreed to. Your data will also be used for analysis purposes, to help us provide the best service possible. For full details see our Privacy Policy.AgreeView Privacy policy