https://www.cityofbristol.ac.uk/privacy-statement/
Privacy statement
Courses
All courses
School leavers (16-18)
A Levels
Animal Care
Applied Science
Business and Professional Services
Catering and Hospitality
Childcare, Education and Training
Construction
Computing and Information Technology (IT)
Creative and Digital
English and Maths for school leavers
Engineering
Fitness, Outdoor Pursuits and Public Services
Hair and Beauty
Health and Social Care
Motor Vehicle and Transport
Travel and Tourism
18 year olds (free courses)
Adults (19+)
Access to Higher Education
Adult English and Maths
Animal Care, Floristry and Horticulture
Business and Professional
Construction
Computing and IT
ECDL courses with our IT centres
Computer Aided Design (CAD) courses
Counselling
Creative and Digital
Education and Training
Evening courses
First Aid
Fitness and Outdoor Pursuits
Hair and Beauty
Health and Social Care
International English and ESOL
Languages
Motor Vehicle and Transport
Part-time courses
Online courses
Under 16s
Apprenticeships
University Centre
How to apply
Enrolment
Enrolment for 16-18 year olds
Enrolment for adults
Enrolment for Higher Education courses
Course guides
Student life
Additional learning support
Accessible environments
Autism support
Sensory support
Specific Learning Difficulties (SpLD) support
Speech and Language Therapy at City of Bristol College
Students in care
Transition support
Travel Training Service
The Brislington Centre: Independent Living in Bristol
Academic and wellbeing support
Careers guidance
Fees and financial support
Links for students
Report your absence
Term dates and opening hours
Study Centre services for students
Information for applicants
Transition and taster tasks
Choosing the right course
Information for schools and supporters
Information for parents and carers
Student voice and activities
Apprenticeships
Business and professional services
Construction
Computing and IT
Engineering
Hair professional
Health and social care
Production chef
Transport and motor vehicle
Apprentice induction
University Centre
Browse courses
Online higher education guide
Business courses
Computing courses
Construction courses
Creative arts and media courses
Education and training courses
Engineering and manufacturing courses
Health and social care courses
Why us?
Financial and wellbeing support
Academic regulations
Office for Students
How to apply
Employers
Staff development
Apprenticeship information for employers
Partners in Bristol
Free and low-cost online courses
Coronavirus and apprenticeships
About
Centres and facilities
Advanced Engineering Centre (AEC) at Parkway
Ashley Down Centre
Courses at Ashley Down Centre
Brislington Centre
College Green Centre
Courses at College Green Centre
Motor Vehicle Technology Centre at Parkway
Courses at our Parkway Centres
South Bristol Skills Academy (SBSA)
Courses at South Bristol Skills Academy
Facilities
Accommodation
Advanced Construction Skills Centre
Food, drink and how to set up cashless payments
Multi-faith prayer rooms
IT Centres (ECDL courses)
Restaurants
Study Centre services for students
Salons
Specialist facilities
Workshops and Composites Centre
Strategic Leadership Team
Andy Forbes
Alexandra Sermon
Ernie Turner
Jim Richardson
Jana Smidkova
Richard Harris
Corporate governance
Audit Committee (Co-opted Member) Vacancy
Policies and procedures
Corporation members
Structure of corporation
Governance documents
Freedom of information
Our mission, ethos and values
Safeguarding
Our partners
Working for us
News
Events
Contact us
Compliments, suggestions and complaints
Privacy statement
This page explains what the College
does with the personal information you provide us.
General
From time to time you will be asked to tell us personal information about yourself (e.g. name and email address etc) in order to become a student or a client, to use College systems and services and so on. At the point of collecting the information we aim to clearly explain what it is going to be used for and who we may share it with. Generally, the information is processed as part of our public task of providing education.
We would only use
it for marketing with your prior consent.
Any sensitive personal
information will never be supplied to anyone outside the College without first
obtaining your consent, unless required or permitted by law. We comply with the
Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),
including removing your personal information from our systems when it is no
longer required and ensuring that all personal information supplied is held
securely.
Whenever you
provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance
with this statement, current legislation and our Data
Protection Registration (Registration Number: Z7197213). We
also aim to meet current best practice.
Individuals whose
personal information the College holds have certain rights under the law. More
information can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website.
Enrolment
This section
explains how the College uses the personal information that you give us on the
enrolment form.
How the College
uses your information
The information
will be used for purposes relating to education, training, employment, general
advice services, well-being and research. The College may share non-sensitive
personal information about you with other organisations, for example the Local
Authority, for these purposes. We do not share your information for purposes
that are incompatible, such as product marketing.
Sensitive personal
information you provide (eg. disability or ethnicity) may be used by the
College for the purposes of equality of opportunity, support for your studies
and to minimise risk. It may also be used anonymously for statistical purposes.
The College will ask your permission before sharing sensitive information with
other organisations, unless the sharing is permitted by law and necessary.
How government
departments use your information
We pass most of the
information to government agencies to meet funding arrangements. The College is
a Data Processor for the Education and Skills Funding Agency. This means that
the College will pass most of the personal information and some of the
sensitive information you provide to the Education and Skills Funding Agency
(ESFA), and where necessary it is also shared with the Department for Education
(DfE).
The information is
used for the exercise of functions of these government departments and to meet
statutory responsibilities, including under the Apprenticeships, Skills,
Children and Learning Act 2009. It is also used to create and maintain a unique
learner number (ULN) and a Personal Learning Record (PLR).
The information
provided may be shared with other organisations for purposes of administration,
the provision of career and other guidance and statistical and research
purposes, relating to education, training, employment and well-being. This will
only take place where the sharing is in compliance with the Data Protection Act
1998 and GDPR 2018.
You may be
contacted after you have completed your programme of learning to establish
whether you have entered employment or gone onto further training or education.
You may be
contacted by the English European Social Fund (ESF) Managing Authority, or its
agents, to carry out research and evaluation to inform the effectiveness of the
programme.
Further information
about use of and access to your personal data, and details of organisations
with whom the data is regularly shared are available at: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/esfa-privacy-notice
The legal basis for
collecting the information
Most of the
information on the form is collected because it is necessary for your enrolment
as a student or is required by law. You must provide it in order to enrol at
the College.
The following
information we are collecting based on your consent, and you may withdraw your
consent without this affecting your status as a student: emergency contact
details and parent/carer contact details.
Parents, carers and
guardians
Under the GDPR and
the Data Protection Act 2018, young people aged 16 and over can decide for
themselves and give consent for the processing of their personal information.
Parental consent is not required. There may be exceptions in regards of
students with severe learning difficulties, school link students and those who
are otherwise unable to decide for themselves.
The College has
found that it is very beneficial to the young person’s progress as a student if
the College is able to engage with the parents (or guardian/carer). Therefore
it is very important that we have the parents’ details recorded on our systems.
When a student is
in Further Education, parents/carers/guardians (or any other third party) are
not automatically entitled to the student’s information. We can only release
information about our students if we have their consent for this recorded on
the College system. Students are asked for their consent for sharing
information with parents/others on the enrolment form or when enrolling
face-to-face. Students can also inform the College later on of who the College
may discuss with about their College matters.
Students may
withdraw their consent the same way which they gave it.
In general, we can
only share information if we have the person’s consent, or there is a
particular piece of legislation or agreement allowing us to share it without
consent.
Websites and
cookies
This section
applies to anyone accessing College websites.
A cookie is a small
file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to your device (e.g. your
PC) when you access the College website. Cookies allow the website to recognise
your device and so distinguish between the different users that access the
site.
Session cookies will remember
your selections as you browse the site. These cookies are for the browsing
session and not stored long term. No personal information is collected by these
cookies.
Google Analytics
cookies help us to make the website better for you by providing us with
user statistics, for example: which pages are the most visited; how a user
navigates the site. No personal information is collected by these cookies.
You may delete or control the use of cookies through your browser settings. Our Cookies policy.
To find out more
about cookies and what cookies might be stored on your device, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
During the course
of your study you may be asked to use third party websites or services or
access linked content (eg. Youtube, Mahara) which may collect personal data
about you. That site’s own privacy notice will explain you how they use your
data.
Responsibilities
The College as a
corporate body is the data controller under the Data Protection Act, and the
Board of Governors is therefore ultimately responsible for implementation.
The designated Data
Controller who is appointed to ensure compliance with the Act is the Director
of Strategic MIS; and appointed to deal with day-to-day matters are the
Corporate Services Manager and the Director of Human Resources and
Organisational Development.
Further information
The Data Protection
Officer (DPO) is Joanne Ward. If you have any questions about Data Protection
at the College, please contact:
corporate.services@cityofbristol.ac.uk
Corporate ServicesCity of Bristol CollegeCollege Green CentrePO Box 3158Bristol, BS6 9JS
If you have a data
protection concern that cannot or has not been resolved by the College, you
have the right to raise it with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Privacy notices by
audience
Privacy notice (students) General privacy notice (general public)Privacy notice (employers)
Where to find us
College Green Centre
Ashley Down Centre
South Bristol Skills Academy (SBSA)
Advanced Engineering Centre at Parkway
Motor Vehicle Technology Centre at Parkway
The Brislington Centre
Advanced Construction Skills Centre
Search for:
We use cookies! This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Privacy policy
Accept