https://www.paulsmiths.edu/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
(888) 873-6570
info@paulsmiths.edu
Directory
ABOUT
Mission + Vision
History
Impact
Location
Key Facts
NEWS + EVENTS
News
Calendar
As Seen In
ACADEMICS
Undergrad
Grad
Special Programs
Hands-on Learning
Library
Student Support
Faculty + Staff
ATHLETICS
Athletics Home
Athletes First
Bobcat Boosters
Coaches
Recruiting
Teams, Stats & Schedules
CAMPUS LIFE
Campus Life Home
Housing
Dining
Activities
Health + Safety
Meet the Team
DIVERSITY, EQUITY + INCLUSION
ADMISSIONS + AID
Admissions Home
Early College
Freshmen
Transfer Students
Grad Students
Accepted Students
Veterans
International Students
Costs + Financial Aid
Meet the Team
Visit
ADVANCEMENT
Ways to Give
Workforce Development
Alumni Central
Meet the Team
SHOP
DINE
|
ACADEMICS
ADMISSIONS
ATHLETICS
CONTACT
COVID-19
GIVE
NEWS
VISIT
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.paulsmiths.edu.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Forms
We may collect the following personal information:
Name
Contact information, including email address
Demographic information, such as zip code, preferences, and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or events
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. In particular, for the following reasons:
To answer a question you have asked
Internal record keeping
To improve our services
We may periodically send promotional emails about University programs, events, or other information we think you may find interesting, using the email address you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to track website traffic. Collected data is processed in such a way that visitors cannot be identified.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment or submit a form, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, have left comments, or have submitted a form, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Texting Services
About
By joining our text service you can expect to receive messages from Paul Smith’s College. We will never share or sell your mobile number or data. You can opt-out anytime by texting the word “STOP” or “QUIT”. Text “HELP” for help. Message & data rates may apply. Up to 4 msgs/month.
SMS Terms & Conditions
We are committed to building user trust and confidence by promoting and complying with the use of business practices that help protect the privacy of the user and his/her data. For more information you can view a copy of our company’s privacy policy.
We offer recurring text message services. By opting-in to any such service, you are confirming your entry into a recurring texting program and you give your consent to Paul Smith’s College to use an automatic system to deliver text messages to the phone number to which you have directed it to transmit text messages. Message frequency varies.
We do not charge for our texting service; however, message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. Participation in the service is standard rated (no premium content). Subject to the terms and conditions of your mobile carrier, you may receive text messages sent to your mobile phone.
By providing your consent to participate in our texting service, you approve any such charges from your mobile carrier. Charges for text messages may appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid balance.
Help
For more information on our text service, Mobile Subscribers can reach us at: collegeadvancement@paulsmiths.edu or by phone (518) 327-6315.
Reply STOP to opt-out of our text message program at anytime.
From your mobile phone you can get information at any time by sending the text “HELP” to the text message thread for the text service from which you receive texts. By texting “HELP”, you shall receive a text with information on the program you have subscribed to, our website, email address and/or phone number and how to opt-out of our text alert program.
Only opted-in Mobile Subscribers receive alerts from our organization. Such text messages shall consist of Paul Smith’s College (including but not limited to) giving and event opportunities.
All text messages sent to you are at standard rate. Other charges may apply. Message fees may apply, based on the type of text messaging program you have with your carrier. We shall not assess additional fees.
For more information you can reach us at: collegeadvancement@paulsmiths.edu or (518) 327-6315. From your mobile phone you can get also get help information at any time by sending the text “HELP” to the text message thread for the text service from which you receive texts.
QUICK CONNECT »
Contact Us
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Name
*
First
Last
*
Last
Email
*
Message
*
reCAPTCHA
This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Inquiries made during standard business hours Monday – Friday will be responded to as soon as possible. For urgent matters, please contact Campus Safety by phone at (518) 327-6300.