http://www.jbu.edu/about/privacy/
Introduction
John Brown University values the privacy of the users visiting our web site. JBU has developed this policy to make sure our website visitors are aware of how JBU uses any information collected during the visit. Treating all people well is a reflection of our Christian values (Matt. 7:12), and how we steward personal information collected during a visit is an extension of that value.
This policy solely covers the privacy practices for www.jbu.edu and any subdomains.
Information Collection
Information you provide: JBU will not sell, exchange, rent or otherwise disclose for commercial purpose any information you provide through jbu.edu outside the scope of ordinary university functions (i.e., information provided for recruiting will be used for recruiting, information provided for fundraising purposes will be used for fundraising, etc.). JBU does at times use third-party contractors in our normal business that we share information with. These contractors are not allowed to use information we provide for any other purpose besides the normal JBU business function they are contracted for.
Information we collect automatically: When you visit jbu.edu, we automatically collect information about your visit, which may include, but is not limited to: specifications of the device you used to access JBU.edu, the pages you visited while at JBU.edu, information on how you arrived at JBU.edu, time you spend on each page while visiting JBU.edu, navigation behavior while using JBU.edu, and other analytical data. This information is primarily used in aggregate with the information we collect from all users to analyze trends, aid in monitoring system performance, and provide guidance for optimizing future designs of JBU.edu. We use the Google Analytics platform to help us collect and monitor this data.
Cookies
JBU.edu uses web cookies* for those who visit our website. Cookies allow us to personalize your web experience and analyze our traffic. We may use cookies to help us:
Analyze the demographics of our web audience (gender, age range, browser, device, etc.)
Track what a user does over multiple visit sessions to JBU.
Tell our online advertising platforms (Google, Facebook, Instagram, etc.) who has previously visited JBU.edu. So if you visit jbu.edu and then visit Instagram you may see an ad for the university.
Most modern browsers enable you to disable cookies or delete your cookies on demand. For more information on how to disable to use of cookies on your browser, visit: http://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies
* A cookie is a small text file (up to 4KB) created by a Web site and stored on the user's computer (either temporarily for that website visit or permanently on the hard disk (persistent cookie). Cookies provide a way for the Web site to recognize you and keep track of your preferences. (http://www.pcmag.com/encyclopedia/term/40334/cookie)
External Links
JBU.edu may link to external websites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policy of sites we link to.
Security
JBU strives to take reasonable precautions regarding the security of our internet-accessible systems and the personal information of users who use those systems. However, since no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we advise all users to thoughtfully consider their activity in light of the level of security threats that currently exist on the internet.
Updates
This policy may be updated from time to time. Updates will be posted on this Web page.
Contact
For questions about this policy, contact Julie Gumm, director of University Marketing & Communications at 479-524-9500 or e-mail her at jgumm@jbu.edu.
Last updated: August 15, 2019
Undergraduate
Majors
Admissions
Financial Aid
Visit JBU
Campus Life
Request Information
Apply
Graduate
Programs
Admissions
Apply
JBU Online
Degrees
Admissions
Apply
Athletics
JBUAthletics.com
Watch & Listen Live
Toilet Paper Game
Alumni & Parents
Alumni Events
Family Weekend
Update Your Info
Homecoming
Giving
Scholarship Fund
Estates & Planned Giving
Endowed Scholarships
Give Now
About
Mission Statement
President's Office
Employment Opportunities
News & Media
Social Media Index
Title IX Policies
Privacy
Resources
Bookstore
Calendars
Campus Map
Contact Directory
Eaglenet
Emergency Numbers
Library
Registrar
Student Accounts
Tickets
Transcript Request
2000 W. University St., Siloam Springs, AR 72761   |   479-524-9500   |   jbuinfo@jbu.edu
John Brown University is a leading private Christian university, training students to honor God and serve others since 1919. Arkansas' top-ranked regional university (U.S. News Best Colleges 2019), JBU enrolls more than 2,100 students from 38 states and 53 countries in its traditional undergraduate, graduate, online and concurrent education programs. JBU offers 41 majors, with top programs including engineering, nursing, family and human services, biology, graphic design and construction management.
Future StudentsCurrent StudentsParentsAlumniGiveAboutAthleticsApply Now
Future Students
Current Students
Calendar
Clubs & Activities
Registrar & Catalog
Campus Safety
Student Services
Chapel & Ministries
Bookstore
Intramurals
International Programs
Graduate
ProgramsOnline Undergraduate Programs
Parents
Admissions Info
Orientation
Academics
Parent & Family Events
Parent Association Council
Calendar
Alumni
Centennial/Homecoming
Events
Brown Bulletin
Alumni Newsletter
Alumni Recognition
Alumni Board
Alumni Resources
JBU News
Give
JBU Scholarship Fund
Endowed Scholarships
Estates & Planned Giving
Founders Circle
Stories of Impact
Campaign for the Next Century
About
Visitor Information
Calendar of Events
Employment
News
Academic Programs
Who We Are
JBU Facts
Office of the President
Athletics
JBUAthletics.com
Prospective Athletes
Toilet Paper Game
Schedule
Watch Live
Champions of Character
Walton Lifetime Health Complex
Facilities
Join the Booster Club
On-Campus UndergradGradOnline Undergrad
Academics
Campus Life
Admissions & Visits
Tuition & Aid
Faith & Service
Athletics
Apply Now
Schedule a Visit
Graduate
ProgramsOnline Undergraduate Programs