https://www.pacificsciencecenter.org/privacy-policy/
Membership
Buy Tickets
DONATE
Pacific Science Center
Be Curious.
Pacific Science Center Privacy Policy
The privacy of guests to this site is important to us. The privacy policy below describes how we collect information online, what we do with that information, and what controls you have as a guest for regulating the information you choose to share with us.
This privacy statement does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites to which we link. You should check the privacy policies of those websites to understand how they may collect or use your personal information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files As with most other sites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (Internet Protocol) address, your ISP (Internet service provider, such as Comcast), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies We do use cookies to help us track users as they peruse our site. This helps us to ensure the best guest experience possible. You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other sites. You can contact us at feedback@pacsci.org.
We engage with third party service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites. To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative. If you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service This site uses the Lucky Orange analytics system to help improve usability and the customer experience. Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity. Lucky Orange may record keystroke information that you voluntarily enter on this website. Lucky Orange does not track this activity on any site that does not use the Lucky Orange system. You can choose to disable the Lucky Orange Service at http://www.luckyorange.com/disable.php. Note, that doing so will disable other features of the Lucky Orange system that this site employs such as 1-to-1 support chat.
Destination Discovery If you place a deposit for a trip on our site, we require that you provide certain personally identifiable information, including your name, address, phone number, and credit card number. This information is necessary to process your application and to contact you.
Donations All personal information collected by Pacific Science Center through an online donation transaction, phone call or onsite is given willingly and knowingly by the donor, including name, address and phone number. This information is used internally only for billing and recognition purposes and is never traded or sold to any other organizations.
Pacific Science Center Events Any information given to Pacific Science Center by event attendees, including phone numbers, mailing addresses or email addresses, is given willingly and knowingly by the event participant. This information may be used in future Pacific Science Center mailings and notifications which the attendee may opt out of. In the case of events that use table hosts, Pacific Science Center may ask the host to collect information about their guests. This is for tracking purposes only and will not be used for solicitation purposes.
Credit Card TransactionsPacific Science Center offers you the convenience of making purchases and making online donations with a credit card. We take the security of your credit card information very seriously. Pacific Science Center does not store any information from financial transactions made through pacificsciencecenter.org. Financial transactions are processed by one of three third-party payment gateways, depending on the type of transaction. Most payments are processed through Accesso, charitable donations are processed through iATS, and virtual field trip payments are processed through Stripe. We encourage you to review these sites’ privacy policies linked below.
iATS: iatspayments.com/privacy-policy
Accesso: com/privacy-policy and accesso.com/terms-of-use
Stripe: com/gb/privacy.
Any financial information you submit through pacificsciencecenter.org is encrypted during transmission. Even in the highly unlikely event that your transmission is intercepted, the data will not be usable by a third party.
Social Media Policy Like us to stay up to date on the latest PacSci happenings, including laser and IMAX shows, 21+ events, education and outreach programs, Science in the City speaker series, summer and school break camps and special exhibits.
We encourage you to engage in discussion with our Facebook community on science, education, and innovation topics. While we welcome diverse opinions and constructive dialogue, we do ask that you refrain from derogatory, offensive, defamatory or abusive language. Comments containing such language, spamming or off-topic comments, as well as anything that violates Facebook’s Community Standards, Twitter Rules, Instagram Community Guidelines, or LinkedIn Professional Community Policies may be reported or removed.
If you are concerned about a user’s post or comment, please email feedback@pacsci.org and we will review it. We take these messages very seriously.
ACCEPTANCE OF PACIFIC SCIENCE CENTER ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Pacific Science Center. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the site.
We may make periodic changes to add, remove, or modify portions of this statement at any time. Please check this page from time to time for any changes.
Tell Us What You Think Your comments and questions help us serve you better and make your visit a pleasant one. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, please email us at feedback@pacsci.org.
Ignite Curiosity
PacSci depends on financial support from the community, especially now. Your support will ensure that curiosity never closes.
Thank you for your generosity.
$25 to care for the plants in our tropical butterfly house
$50 to fund one virtual field trip scholarship
$100 to support free access to Curiosity at Home content
$500 to fund a virtual field trip for students at a Title I school
GIVE ANY AMOUNT to expand access to science education
Ignite Curiosity
PacSci depends on financial support from the community, especially now. Your support will ensure that curiosity never closes.
Thank you for your generosity.
$25 to care for the plants in our tropical butterfly house
$50 to fund one virtual field trip scholarship
$100 to support free access to Curiosity at Home content
$500 to fund a virtual field trip for students at a Title I school
GIVE ANY AMOUNT to expand access to science education