http://www.careers.ox.ac.uk/legal-information
Skip to main content
Home
How we help
Legal Information
News from the Careers Service
See a Careers Adviser
CareerConnect Platform
Contact or Visit Us
The Oxford Guide to Careers
Term Planner
Useful Career Resources
UK Visas
Mission Statement and Policies
Legal Information
Legal Information
Welcome to the Oxford Careers Service website.
Welcome to the Oxford Careers Service web site. We’ve recognised that our users – students, alumni, recruiters and university colleagues – often want to access the Careers Service when our offices are closed or they are away from Oxford. So we’ve provided you with this website – making it easy to find the vital information you need about that interview or how to recruit a student from Oxford, at any hour of the day or night, from anywhere in the world.
Privacy Policy
Access the Careers Service Privacy Policy (PDF)
Expand All
COPYRIGHT STATEMENT
Unless otherwise noted, all materials contained in this site are copyrighted and may not be used except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the copyright notice or other proprietary notice provided with the relevant materials.
The materials contained in the site may be downloaded or copied provided that ALL copies retain the copyright and any other proprietary notices contained on the materials. No material may be modified, edited or taken out of context such that its use creates a false or misleading statement or impression as to the positions, statements or actions of the University of Oxford Careers Service.
DISCLAIMER
Links
All links from this web site have been selected using a standard links protocol. Links are provided for information and convenience only. We cannot accept responsibility for the sites linked to, or the information found there. A link does not imply an endorsement of a site; likewise, not linking to a particular site does not imply lack of endorsement.
Accuracy
While we have taken every care to compile accurate information and to keep it up-to-date, we cannot guarantee its correctness and completeness. The information provided on this site does not constitute business, medical or other professional advice, and is subject to change. We do not accept responsibility for any loss, damage or expense resulting from the use of this information.
Availability
We cannot guarantee uninterrupted access to this website, or the sites to which it links. We accept no responsibility for any damages arising from the loss or use of this information.
PRIVACY AND ACCESSIBILITY
Read the Oxford Mosaic Privacy Statement
Read the Accessibility statement for the University of Oxford – UAS websites on the Oxford Mosaic platform
OWNERSHIP, LIABILITY AND USE
Read more about Ownership, Liability and Use
Looking for more?
Check the CareerConnect platform for all our upcoming events and opportunities, book appointments, find jobs and internships, and more.
Login to CareerConnect
Popular links
The Oxford Guide to Careers 2021
CVs
Cover Letters
Sectors & Occupations
See an Adviser
Get social
Follow us on  Facebook
Follow us on  Twitter
Follow us on  Instagram
Follow us on   YouTube
1
Start
2
Complete
Was this page useful? *
Yes
No
Please tell us why:
Feedback for page
Leave this field blank
Submit
powered by
oxford mosaic
List of site pages