http://www.utmb.edu/site-policies/guidelines
Skip to main content
UTMB Home Site Policies & Required Links Web Publishing Guidelines
Internet Use and Publishing Guidelines
The University of Texas Medical Branch
The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston (UTMB Health) promotes,
supports and relies on the internet, intranet and related web applications to carry
out its missions of education, research and clinical service. It uses these
tools for communication, administration, business functions, employee and
student support, and other core business operations.UTMB places conditions and guidelines on the
use of the internet and intranet, related resources and web applications, on
computer systems and facilities that are the property of UTMB.  The purpose of these guidelines is to provide general
information to campus users of these resources. Several principles underlie UTMB’s guidelines
regarding access to and publication on the internet and intranet. UTMB
recognizes that material created by its component departments, schools,
clinical units, labs and other official sources represent the university to
audiences within the institution and far beyond. In the creation of these
guidelines, a conscious effort has been made to foster good stewardship of
institutional assets and compliance with regulatory guidelines, while promoting
consistency, quality and a cohesive, unifying image for the institution.Guidelines for UsersAs good stewards, all users of UTMB’s
information resources (including web access, social media and email services),
must act professionally and with regard for others. Please refer to Information Resources Security. Guidelines for Internet PublishersPublishing on UTMB’s Web Servers UTMB maintains internet and intranet (web) servers
that may be used by university entities, departments, employees, students and
registered organizations for publishing information and creating applications
to facilitate their roles at UTMB. Content on these pages must be in support of
UTMB’s missions of health care, education, research and community service, and
may be intended and restricted for internal use, or be made available to the public. Web pages may not be used for commercial,
non-UTMB purposes. They cannot be for the personal or private gain of an
individual or group of individuals promoting a private or commercial cause. UTMB
official web pages should not contain personal material not directly relevant
to the appropriate business of UTMB. The UTMB Home Page www.utmb.edu is the official public home page for the
university. The home page’s primary objective is to provide an attractive,
distinctive, clear and easily navigable point-of-entry to the wealth of
information on UTMB’s web servers, and to set a tone and style for other
university pages. An alternate internal home page for employees
and students is iUTMB, at http://intranet.utmb.edu/iutmb/. A portal for patients is available at utmbhealth.com. These pages are managed by Marketing and Communications.Responsibilities of Publishers Publishers of pages on UTMB’s Internet servers
are responsible for: ensuring the accuracy
and timeliness of the information presented; offering readers pages
that represent professional design and quality presentation; abiding by UTMB’s web
publishing, accessibility  and identity standards, and complying with
applicable State of Texas web requirements; regularly updating and
keeping published information current; understanding and
complying with copyright, privacy, intellectual property and libel laws; and responding in a timely
fashion to inquiries and comments directed at one’s published material. Although significant efforts are made to
ensure the reliability of the information presented, the university cannot
guarantee the complete accuracy and dependability of all the information stored
on or retrieved from its internet and intranet servers. Web pages that give access to or collect any
personal, confidential or sensitive data must contain protection from
unauthorized access and incorporate appropriate security measures in their
design. All pages are required to post a link to the university’s privacy statement. Pages hosted on UTMB web servers and posted by
UTMB web publishers should be “generally accessible” as outlined in university
policy. Web pages should load
quickly, be free of errors, feature “alt tags,” text-based representations and other features to
make the content available to the visually impaired. UTMB web publishers represent the institution
and are responsible for the pages they publish, as well as the links they offer
to other resources. Page publishers should not be directing visitors to
non-operative sites, to out-of-date sites, or to sites containing irrelevant or
inappropriate content. Content providers and page publishers are expected to
abide by the highest standards of quality and responsibility. Required Elements for Sites Published from or
Linked to UTMB Web Servers The following elements need to be included on
any official page hosted or managed by UTMB Health or any of its entities The name and contact
information of the primary “owner” of a web site Copyright designation
with identification/affiliation with UTMB and link to UTMB home page. Example:
Copyright © 2014 The University of Texas
Medical BranchA link to these site
policies and other state-required links, which describes the UTMB policies
regarding the web and contains an email address to which comments may be sent Date of creation or
most recent revision of the document or site Link to UTMB’s privacy
policy
In addition, pages must incorporate: Basic, descriptive
meta tags Consistent use of
institutional marks, menus and other branding as outlined in UTMB’s Identity System. A low-impact
template for a page footer that meets these state and university requirements
is available. Various design templates that incorporate the university's identity standards are also available. More information is available on UTMB's Web Developer Resources site.Guidelines for Web Site Solicitations UT System rules and policies govern the use of
solicitations, sponsorships and advertising on the web sites of its component
institutions. A document, UTS122 - Guidelines for
Web Site Solicitation, is available for information on this topic. Compliance and Complaint Resolution Process Fundamentally, these guidelines rely on
personal responsibility and professionalism on the part of web publishers. For
these guidelines to function as intended and to advance the aims of the institution,
each publisher must take personal and collective responsibility for what is posted. Pages are evaluated for compliance at the time
they are initially linked, and are subject to random review thereafter. Log
file analysis plays a large role in the review process; UTMB pages with high
traffic volume are a priority. Review is a task charged jointly to Information
Services and the Office of Marketing and Communications, along with
representatives from each mission area. Addressing missing, inaccurate or improperly
executed elements should always be a priority. If contacted with a correction
or requested update, publishers should review and make the appropriate required
change promptly. If appropriate corrective measures are not taken within an agreed
upon time, the institutional link will be severed and web server privileges may
be forfeited. UTMB Web Support UTMB offers and will continue to offer
training and resources supporting the use of the internet, intranet and related
web applications to the university community.Please note: These guidelines are subject to revision. « Site Policies & Required Links
About UTMB Health
Centers & Institutes
Core Research Facilities
FAQs and Contact Information
Departments & Programs
Economic Impact
Education
Hazard Mitigation
Health
James Kelly Memorial
Research
Campus Services
Site Map
Site Policies & Required Links
Accessibility
Web Publishing Guidelines
Open Records
Privacy
Web Cams
Cams
JennieSealyLookingNorth
040_ChilledWaterPlant1
091_JennieSealyWest
091_JohnSealyNorthAddition
Construction
Map
Print
John Sealy Hospital
ADC Wellness
Jennie Sealy Hospital
Emergency Room Galveston
UTMB Health Clinics (UHC)
Primary Care Pavilion
About the UTMB Search Tool
Web Search Update
Web Search Survey Results
Web Search Tips and Tricks
Web Search Featured Links
League City Campus Hospital
Give
Redirects
Financial Counseling
Onedrive Training
Town Hall
Road Ahead
Strategic Vision
SUF
Referrals
Ben's Blog
Pepper
Coronavirus
Heroes
OSM
Social Media
Brand
Business Areas