http://www.fhu.edu/about/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
FHU Home >
About >
Privacy Policy
Freed-Hardeman University is committed to safeguarding nonpublic personal information. We respect every person's right to privacy and security of nonpublic information that personally identifies you. This policy governs privacy of all forms of data collected, stored, and used by Freed-Hardeman University through its website and by all other means.
Freed-Hardeman University safeguards, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, any nonpublic personally identifiable information from our students, employees, donors, and others for whom such information is collected.
Revised: September 18, 2018
Collection and use of non-public personal information
In order to properly execute our transactions related to you, we may collect personally identifiable information of both a public and non-public nature, such as your name, mailing addresses, social security number, date of birth, telephone numbers, academic history, FAFSA data, etc. from applications you complete or provide to us through other means. The University may collect a variety of data about your relationship with the university such as academic records, account balances, transaction history, and giving records.
Visitors can browse Freed-Hardeman University's website without identifying themselves or revealing any personal information. Our site does collect information such as domain names, IP addresses, browser type, operating systems, access times, referring websites and navigation paths. This information is used by Freed-Hardeman University to maintain the quality of our website. We use this data to measure visitor trends and for statistical purposes. This information does not personally identify our visitors.
We do not sell personal information to any third party.
We may share non-public personal information with companies that provide services to us for your benefit and for the administration of our business, such as credit card processors. We require those companies to protect the confidentiality of your non-public information and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclosed the information. We share non-public personal information with government agencies as required by federal regulations for reporting.
Cookies
We do not use cookies to store personally identifiable information about our website users. In certain areas of our website, we do use cookies to store session information, but force SSL encryption on the pages in these areas.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Other various scripts to enhance your web experience are utilized on this website.
Privacy Caution
You may link to a variety of non-FHU websites from Freed-Hardeman University's network. We encourage you to always review the privacy statements of websites you link to from our network so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Freed-Hardeman University is not responsible for the privacy statements or content on websites outside of those under the University's control.
Security of Your Non-public Personal Information
Freed-Hardeman University secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Freed-Hardeman University secures the non-public personally identifiable information you provide in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure from our computer servers, paper documents and all other forms of stored data. When non-public personally identifiable information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, and in compliance with guidelines established by PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards).
We protect the integrity and privacy of your non-public personally identifiable information in a number of ways. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your non-public personally identifiable information.
Contact Information
If you believe Freed-Hardeman University has not adhered to this policy, please contact InfoSec@fhu.edu. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
About
History and Mission
Campus Master Plan
Strategic Plan
FHU Facts at a Glance
University Leadership
Visit Campus
Campus Directory
Achievement
Awards and Rankings
158 East Main Street
Henderson, TN 38340
1-800-FHU-FHU1
FHU / Dickson
FHU / Memphis
5565 Shelby Oaks Drive
Memphis, TN 38134
1-800-FHU-FHU1
FHU / Dickson
FHU / Memphis
855 Highway 46 South
Dickson, TN 37055
615-740-5600
FHU / Dickson
FHU / Memphis
Social
Contact Us
CURRENT STUDENT
FACULTY+STAFF
Admissions
Academics
Campus Life
Alumni
Giving
Athletics
About
Admissions Home
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Transfer Admissions
International Students
Student Financial Services
Step-By-Step Guide
Quick Facts
Contact Us
WHERE DO I START?
Don't worry. We'll walk you through the entire process. Apply now for free and then schedule a campus visit to experience something that pictures just can't capture.
Apply Now
Schedule a Visit
Academics Home
Academic Success
Registrar
Library
Catalogs
Course and Exam Schedules
Contact Us
WHO ARE YOU?
Whether you're just beginning your college journey or seeking your doctorate, take your next step here.
Undergraduate Studies
Graduate Studies
Campus Life
Academic Life
Social Life
Spiritual Life
Student Life
Student Facilities
Student Services
Contact Us
GET INVOLVED
Take advantage of the tight-knit community and unique opportunities by finding the club or organization where you will belong.
Social Clubs
Spiritual Clubs
Professional Clubs
Student Organizations
Alumni Home
FHU Connect
Alumni Updates
Photos
Awards
Our Office
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Getting Married? Land a new job or position? Becoming a new parent? Your FHU family wants to brag about it!
Send Alumni Updates
Giving Home
Areas of Support
President's Council
Planned Giving
Contact Us
GIVE NOW
You help change the world when you invest in the lives of young people. You can make a difference today with your gift.
Give Now
Athletics Home
News Archive
Camps
Facilities
Sports Medicine
2018 - 2019 Signees
Contact Us
HALL OF FAME
FHU has a history of talented student athletes and coaches who have helped make FHU Athletics what they are today. Check out who these students are and what accomplishments they've made. Know someone who deserves to be in the Hall of Fame? Use the nomination form below to tell us about it.
View the Hall of Fame
Nomination Form
Academics Home
History and Mission
Campus Master Plan
University Leadership
Awards and Rankings
Campus Directory
VISIT CAMPUS
Schedule your campus visit today, and see why Freed-Hardeman University is right for you.
Learn About Campus Visits
Schedule a Visit Online
Copyright © 2020 Freed-Hardeman University. All rights reserved.
Read our Privacy Policy