http://www.academic360.com/docs/privacy.cfm?section=sell
Colleges/Universities
Employment Pages and Profiles for 2,703 Colleges and Universities
Browse by Location
Browse Alphabetically
Associations
Academic and Industry Associations for Higher Ed Professionals
Academic Advising
Admissions & Registrars
Anthropology
Biology
Business & Financial Administration
Counseling Services
Criminal Justice
Economics
Financial Aid & Bursar
History
Music
Physics
Residential Life & Housing Services
View All...
Conferences
Advice/News
Jobs
Resources
Search Firms
Resume/CV Writing Service
Diversity Resources
Adult Education & Lifelong Learning
Graduate Student Resources
PhD Resources
PostDoc Resources
Veterans Resources
Privacy & Information Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Remove My Information
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to http://www.HigherEd360.com owned and operated by Internet
Employment Linkage ("We", "Us", "HigherEd360.com"). This privacy policy describes how
Internet Employment Linkage collects and uses the personally identifiable information you
provide on our website: http://www.HigherEd360.com. It also describes the choices available to
you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and
update this information
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
please contact us at privacy@HigherEd360.com.
PRIVACY PHILOSOPHY
Internet Employment Linkage Inc., publisher of HigherEd360.com, has created this Privacy
Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to keeping personally identifiable information
private. Our data collection policies allow you to choose how much information you provide us
and how we use the information you have shared. It is our intent to use this information to help
further your success in seeking or filling a position in the field of higher education through the
use of our website.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Aggregate Information. You can always browse the Public Site and search for posted
positions without providing any personally identifiable information to HigherEd360.com. We
gather general information about the number of users browsing the website, the number of users
who view certain posted positions, and how users navigate through our Web Site. This
information is collected only in the aggregate. We use this information to provide aggregated
statistical feedback to the institutions posting positions on our website, to publicize our website
and to further develop our website to maximize the benefits realized by our users.
Personally Identifiable Information.
WE DO NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE SHARE ANY OF YOUR
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH ANY THIRD PARTY OTHER
THAN IS OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Tracking Technologies. We Internet Employment Linkage and our partners use technologies
such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users'
movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a
whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
In order to not have cookies track your information, you will need to turn off cookies usage on your web browser.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our
advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather
information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you
advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this
information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by
clicking here.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to
receive generic ads.
Job Postings. Although
there is no cost to Job Seekers for using the services on the website, Job Posters will be charged a
fee for requested services. We use data collected from Job Posters to provide requested services.
Payments By Credit Card. We use an outside bank merchant account to verify credit card data
so we can bill and account for products sold to Job Posters. This company does not retain, share,
store or use credit card data for any other purposes.
Third Party Advertisers. The ads appearing on this website are delivered to users by third
party ad servers. We share website usage information about users with reputable third parties for
the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site.
Our third party advertisers use cookies, which allow it to recognize a user's cookie when a user
visits this site. The information that our ad server collects and shares through this technology is
not personally identifiable.
Residents of California.
IEL acknowledges your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and
has in good faith tried to comply with its requirements shall IEL be deemed to be governed by it.
This includes
the right of disclosure, the right to opt out, and the right to non-discrimination.
Please contact us at privacy@HigherEd360.com
if you believe that there are rights under this law that you believe need to be addressed.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
In certain situations, Internet Employment Linkage may be required to disclose personal data in
response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement
requirements.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose information about your individual
visits to our site, or personally identifiable information that you provide, such as your name, email
address, faculty area, or professional associations to any outside parties. (We may disclose
your personally identifiable information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena,
bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or
respond to a government request).
If Internet Employment Linkage is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of
its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change
in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may
have regarding your personally identifiable information.
We may also provide your personally identifiable information to companies that provide services
to help us with our business activities such as offering customer service. These companies are
authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these
services to us.
LINKS TO 3RD PARTY SITES
Our Site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of
Internet Employment Linkage. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those
sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read
the privacy policy of any website you visit.
SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS
Our website includes Social Media Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive miniprograms
that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are
visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media
Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your
interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
YOU CAN MODIFY YOUR INFORMATION AT ANY TIME
Upon request Internet Employment Linkage will provide you with information about whether we
hold any of your personal information.
You may contact our Customer
Support by emailing us at content@HigherEd360.com by contacting us by telephone or
postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access
within a reasonable timeframe.
SECURITY MEASURES ARE IN PLACE
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the
information contained on our website.
Particularly sensitive information, such as a college or university's credit card number
collected for a commerce transaction, is encrypted prior to transmission using a Blowfish
Encryption Algorithm and purged upon receipt. See www.schneier.com/blowfish.html for more
information on the protections provided by this encryption.
The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us. When you enter
sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the
transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personally identifiable information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission
over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website,
you can contact us at privacy@HigherEd360.com.
CHILDREN
We do not specifically collect information about children, nor do we authorize use of this website
by children.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement,
the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what
information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We
will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was
collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different
from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email prior to the change
becoming effective. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this
different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or
deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personally
identifiable information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material
changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our
database, we will post a prominent notice on our website notifying users of the change. In some
cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive
communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about HigherEd360.com's Privacy Policy, please
feel free to email us at privacy@HigherEd360.com.
THANK YOU FOR USING HIGHERED360.COM.
Last Updated: 2/25/2020
CONTACT US
INTERNET EMPLOYMENT LINKAGE, INC.
715 Lake Street, Suite 400, Oak Park, IL 60301
708-848-4351
privacy@HigherEd360.com
Cookie Policy
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set
in response to actions made by you, which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging
in, or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work.
In order to not have cookies track your information, you will need to turn off cookies usage on your web browser.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Great news! We don't collect any personal information on our users. If you do have any questions,
please contact us at privacy@HigherEd360.com.
Remove My Information
Great news! We don't collect any personal information on our users. If you do have any questions,
please contact us at privacy@HigherEd360.com.
This site uses cookies to make finding jobs and helping your career as easy as possible.
By using HigherEd360, you accept our privacy policy and how we use cookies.
Close