http://www.roosevelt.edu/policies/web-privacy
Web Privacy Statement
More in this section...
Policies and Other Governing Documents
Health
Satisfactory Academic Progress
Student Rights
Web Privacy Statement
Roosevelt University is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement applies to the official pages of Roosevelt University’s (“Roosevelt”) website (the “Website”). By using our Website, you accept and agree to these terms.
Privacy Statement Highlights
Information We Collect
Information you provide (for example, when you choose to interact with the Website and voluntarily provide Roosevelt with information such as your personal contact information).
Information collected automatically (for example, we may use cookies that collect non-personal information about your use of the Website or about your computer and web browser or network traffic).
Our Use of Cookies & Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies for the functioning of the Website, to improve the Website, to give you extra functionalities, and to provide a smoother online experience. The Website  does not recognize browser “do-not-track” signals or similar mechanisms.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We do not disclose your personal information without your consent except where:
We engage service providers to assist us with the activities identified in this privacy statement; or
It is necessary to prevent crime or injury, or as otherwise required by law.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for many important purposes including to:
Furnish and maintain the Website;
Communicate with you regarding the Website or Roosevelt;
Respond to your inquiries;
Improve and develop the Website; and
Investigate complaints and/or legal violations.
Choice & Control
We will not collect your personally identifiable information unless you provide it to us voluntarily.
Cookies can be disabled or removed by tools that are available in most commercial browsers.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
If there are significant changes to our information practices, we will provide you with appropriate online notice.
How to Contact Us
Please contact webmaster@roosevelt.edu for questions or concerns regarding our privacy statement.