http://www.wilson.edu/privacy-statement
COVID-19 Information
Jump to navigation
CARES Act
News & Events
Parents
Alumni
Visit
Get to Know Wilson
College Store
Give
Search form
Search
mywilson
ADMISSIONSUndergraduate
Graduate
Adult Degree Program
Teacher Certification Pathways
Transfer Students
Commuters
International Students
Dual Enrollment
Single Parent Scholar Program
Military
Partnerships
Apply
Visit
Get Info
ACADEMICSUndergraduate Programs
Graduate Degree Programs
Teacher Certification
Pre-Professional Programs
Academic Calendar and Events
Academic Success Center
Study Abroad
Internships
Advanced Placement
Learning Opportunities
Phi Beta Kappa
Library
Fulton Center for Sustainability Studies
Hankey Center and Archives
Equestrian Center
Registrar
Course Catalog
FINANCIAL AIDUndergraduate
Graduate
Adult Degree Program/Teacher Certification Pathways
STUDENT LIFELiving on Campus
Getting Involved
Clubs and Activities
Student Wellness
Student Services
Academic Success Center
Career Development
Campus Life FAQ's
Campus Housing
Student Orientation
Phoenix Against Violence Project
Student Blue Book
ATHLETICS
ABOUTOur Campus
History and Traditions
President
Offices
Mission, Values and Honor Principle
Consumer Information
Prioritizing the Student Experience
Notice of Non-Discrimination and Equal Opportunity
Galleries, Exhibits and Orchesis
Child Care Center
Conference and Event Center
Commencement
Employment Opportunities
Policy for Taking Photos on the Wilson College Campus
Campus Safety
Campus Directory
CARES Act
News & Events
Parents
Alumni
Visit
Get to Know Wilson
College Store
Give
Search form
Search
mywilson
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.wilson.edu Wilson College (“we”), website. Please note, by using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What information do we gather about you?
We and our third-party vendors collect certain information regarding your use of www.wilson.edu, such as your IP address and browser type. Your session and the pages you visit on www.wilson.edu will be tracked, but you will remain anonymous. We may use your IP address to identify the general
geographic area from which you are accessing wilson.edu. We connect data from different systems but do not link IP addresses to any personal information.
If you request information or complete an online application, we will collect and retain the information the you provided.   We may also collect other information as described in this policy.
What do we use your information for?
We use the information we gather from you for systems administration purposes, abuse prevention, and to track user trends, and for the other purposes described in this policy. If you request information, complete an application, or send us an email, the information you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. We will not share, sell, rent, swap, or authorize any third party to use any of your personal information including your email address for commercial purposes without your permission.
User information may be shared with third-party vendors to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to users. For example, we use third parties such as Google Analytics and MarketingCloudFX to generate reports on site usage, web traffic, user behavior, and user interests to optimize our website for our visitors. We also use geographic, demographic, and interest-based reports of our website visitors to create custom audience lists. We prohibit any third parties who receive user information for this purpose from using or sharing user information for any purpose other than providing services for the benefit of our users.
We may also provide your information to third parties in circumstances where we believe that doing so is necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights and safety and the rights and safety of our users or others.
How is this information collected and how can you opt out?
Wilson College may retain information about your personal information you entered into www.wilson.edu  for six years or until you request that we remove it. To remove your information, contact Jose Dieudonne at the address below.
Third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. For more information on Google Analytics, consult their terms of use, privacy practices, and ads settings. You can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer (unless you block them). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options or you can opt out of the collection and use of this information through tools like the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Other Websites and Cookies
This website may contain links to other websites for services such as student applications, financial aid, charitable giving, athletics or social media.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies may be set by parties other than us. These “third-party cookies” may, for example, originate from websites such as YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Soundcloud, or other social media services for which www.wilson.edu has implemented “plug-ins.” Since the cookie policies of these sites change over time, you should determine their policies by visiting the privacy policy pages of these sites directly.
Information Protection
This site has reasonable security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
Contacts
Questions regarding this policy or requests for removal may be addressed to Jose Dieudonne at 717-262-4851 or by email at DPO@wilson.edu or by writing
Attention DPO
Wilson College
1015 Philadelphia Ave.
Chambersburg, PA. 17201