http://www.quinnipiac.edu/site-security-privacy-policy.html
https://www.facebook.com/QuinnipiacUniversity/
http://twitter.com/quinnipiacu
https://instagram.com/quinnipiacu
http://www.youtube.com/quinnipiacuniversity
https://www.linkedin.com/school/quinnipiac-university/
Admissions
Alumni
Parents
Athletics
Media
Apply
Visit
Give
Site Alert Title
Search Quinnipiac University
Why Quinnipiac
Admissions
Undergraduate
Graduate
Medicine
Law
Online
Apply Now
Visit
Make a Gift
Contact Us
Bookstores
The Quinnipiac Experience
Academics
Student Experience
Athletics & Recreation
Explore Quinnipiac
Quinnipiac Today
Virtual Tour
About Quinnipiac
Alumni & Parents
Alumni
Parents
Make a Gift
Schools & Programs
College of Arts & Sciences
School of Business
School of Communications
School of Education
School of Engineering
School of Health Sciences
School of Law
School of Medicine
School of Nursing
Program Finder
Dual-Degree Programs
Visit Us
Virtual Tour
Open Houses
Maps & Directions
Tours & Info Sessions
Information & Resources
Academic Calendar
Academic Catalog
Bookstores
Course Finder
Diversity & Inclusion
Events Calendar
Faculty & Staff Directory
Health & Campus Safety
Student Consumer Information
Tuition & Financial Aid
University Policies
For College Counselors
For Community
For Employers
For Military
For News Media
Research & Organizations
Institutes & Centers
Ireland's Great Hunger Museum
Quinnipiac University Online
Quinnipiac University Poll
Quinnipiac Magazine
Helpful Links
Log in to MyQ
Make a Tuition Payment
Manage a QCard
Request a Transcript
Work at Quinnipiac
Schools
Arts & Sciences
Business
Communications
Education
Engineering
Health Sciences
Law
Medicine
Nursing
Looking for a specific program?
Program Listing
Dual-Degree Programs
Home
Website Security and Privacy
Carret icon
Our Policy
Objectives
Quinnipiac University (the "university") has created this Website Security and Privacy Policy (this "Policy") to document and communicate its commitment to doing business with high ethical standards and appropriate internal controls.
Privacy Statement
Privacy statement
The university respects the privacy of all website visitors. This Policy is intended to inform you of the ways in which this website collects information, the ways that we mayuse or share that information, and the ways in which we will protect any information you choose to provide us. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein, we reserve the right under certain circumstances to share the information we collect without your consent, unless prohibited by law.
Photograph
Collection Information
Information collection
There are four types of information that this site may collect during your visit:
Network traffic logs
Web visit logs
Voluntary information
Cookie information
Network Traffic Logs
Network traffic logs
In the course of ensuring network security and consistent service for all users, the university employs software programs to do such things as monitor network traffic, identify unauthorized access or access to nonpublic information, detect computer viruses and other software that might damage university computers or the network, and monitor and tune the performance of the university network. In the course of such monitoring, these programs may detect such information as email headers, addresses from network packets, and other information. Information from these activities is used for the purpose of maintaining and enhancing the security and performance of the university's networks and computer systems. Personally identifiable information from these activities is not released to external parties without your consent.
Web visit logs
Web visit logs
This website routinely collects and stores information from online visitors to help manage the site and improve service. This information includes the pages visited on thesite, the date and time of the visit, the internet address (URL or IP address) of the referring site, the domain name and IP address from which the access occurred, the version of browser used, the capabilities of the browser, and search terms used on our search engines. This site makes no attempt to identify individual visitors from this information: any personally identifiable information is not released to external parties without your consent.
Voluntary Information
Voluntary information
In the course of using this website, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information, you may sign up for a mailing list, or you may send us your address so we can send you an application or other material. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the specific purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar future requests. We will not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information without your consent. We do not retain the information longer than necessary for normal operations. Each web page requesting information discloses the purpose of that information. If you do not wish to have the information used in the manner indicated, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the person listed on the specific page, or listed below, with questions or concerns on the use of personally identifiable information.
Cookie Information
Cookie information
When you visit this website, a "cookie" is sent to your computer and stored by your web browser. A cookie is a small text file that contains an anonymous string of characters that is unique to your computer. The cookie allows our website to recognize your computer when you visit us again. The cookie does not store or collect your personal information and it does not track your internet browsing, beyond your use of this website. The cookie allows the university to personalize your online experience. The cookie also may be used to deliver advertisements relevant to your interests. You can control whether or not your web browser accepts cookies by altering the settings on your computer.  If you direct your web browser not to accept cookies, some parts of this website may not function properly.
Links
Links
This site provides links to other websites or resources. We do not control these sites and resources, we do not endorse them, and we are not responsible for their availability, content or delivery of services. In particular, external sites are not bound by this Policy; they may have their own policies or none at all. You will become subject to the privacy policies of those websites when you leave this site. Often you can tell you are leaving the university's website by noting the URL of the destination site.
Security Measures
Security measures
This website is protected with a variety of security measures such as change control procedures, passwords and physical access controls. We also employ a variety of other mechanisms to ensure that data you provide is not lost, misused or altered inappropriately. These controls include data confidentiality policies and regular database backups. However, due to the open nature of the Internet, the university cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from a user will be free from unauthorized access. The university disclaims any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications.
Changes to Policy
Changes to policy
We will update this Policy to reflect any changes in the manner in which we treat the information collected on this website. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how we are protecting your information.