https://www.campbell.edu/information-technology-services/help-desk/
Skip to content
Useful Links
IT Service Desk Portal
IT Services Status Website
Account Management Site
What we do
The Campbell University IT Services Help Desk provides prompt, knowledgeable, courteous technology support services to the Campbell Community.  Some of the regular Help Desk activities are…
Serve as the main point of contact for most technology issues at Campbell University.
Help to resolve issues with Campbell University provided networks, computers, software or services.
Help to resolve common issues with student-owned computers, software and devices. The Help Desk does not provide hardware maintenance services on student-owned computers.
Coordinate with other Information Technology Services teams to solve issues where additional assistance is required.
Coordinate the fulfillment of requests for network access, devices, services and software.
Help students, faculty and staff maintain and service their accounts and passwords for various Campbell University systems.
How to Get Help
The IT Services helpdesk is using a Remote First approach to providing help. If you need help, please contact us using one of the following methods.
Use the IT Service Desk Portal to submit tickets or search self-help solutions
Submit an issue using the “Ask for Help” option.
Make form-based requests for common items using the “Create a Request” option.
Search our Knowledgebase of common solutions.
Book an appointment with someone in-site (after you have consulted with the help Desk).
Find links to other important pages like…
The IT Status Site
Blackboard Help
Account Management Site
Email us at helpdesk@campbell.edu. Please include your Student ID in the email.
For help with Blackboard, you may call 866-886-4846 at any time.
Out helpdesk phone number, 910-893-1208, provides some instructions for common issues.
Our Status Site shows the latest status of pit major systems and services.
Hours
Monday – Friday, 8:30 a.m. – 5p.m.
After hours support. Limited support, including password resets and help with Blackboard, is available after hours at 910-893-1208 or 866-886-4846
Other Resources
IT Service Desk Portal
IT Status Page
Alternative Systems
Antivirus
Blackboard
Computer Safety
Malware Information
Networks
New Students
Preventative Maintenance
Self-Service
Student E-mail
Sidebar
Information Technology Services
Information Technology Services Projects
Academic Computing
IT Service Desk
Account and Password Management
Antivirus Information
Blackboard
Computer Safety
IT Services Status
Malware Information
New Students
Phone and Voicemail
Preventative Maintenance
Qualtrics
Residence and Wireless Networks
Self-Service
Student Email
Technology Purchases
Acceptable Use Policy
User Privacy
Related Links
Web Communications
keyboard_arrow_up
Campbell University sites use cookies. By continuing to use this site you accept our privacy and cookie policy. View our policyAccept