http://www.huntingtonlearning.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Huntington learning center privacy policy
Huntington Mark, LLC and its affiliates (individually and collectively, the “Company”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) value your privacy. In this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose the information we obtain about visitors to our website, huntingtonhelps.com (the “Site”), and how we use and disclose that information. By visiting the Site, you agree your Personal Information will be handled as described in this Policy.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Site (“Personal Information”).
INFORMATION WE COLLECT DIRECTLY FROM YOU
You can contact us to obtain more information and consultation about the services (the “Services”) we provide by calling us or filling out a form on our Site and providing the following information: student name, parent name, parent phone, parent email, and ZIP Code; however, you are not required to provide us with this information. Information regarding any student who is a minor must only be provided by the student’s parent or legal guardian.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
We may collect the following information automatically about you and your use of our Site or Services through cookies, web beacons, and other current and future technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit our Site; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Site, and the following: access time, browser type, device ID, domain name, IP address, page views and referring URL. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected or will collect, about you, including, where applicable, your name, email address, and other Personal Information.  Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We and our franchisees may use your personally identifiable information to:
To communicate with you about our educational services to respond to your inquiries and for other current and future customer service purposes.
Contact you via email, SMS text message, telephone, or standard mail to inform you about educational, tutoring, and test prep services and about events and promotions (including by sending you e-newsletters, marketing communications, and announcements from us and our education partners). By calling or submitting a web form to us or our franchisees, you consent to receive auto-dialed calls and SMS text messages from us or our franchisees at the telephone number you provide; your consent is not a condition of purchase.
To tailor the content and information we may send or display to you using location customization and personalization across our Site and Services.
To better understand how users access and use our Site and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to modify or improve our Site and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information, including your Personal Information, as follows:
Franchisees and affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our franchisees, affiliates, or subsidiaries; and, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be subject to this Policy.
Service providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
Business transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with, another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we collected from you to another company or individual.
In response to legal process. We may disclose the information we collect from you to comply with the law, judicial proceedings, court orders, or other legal processes, such as in response to court orders or subpoenas.
To protect us and others. We may disclose the information we collect from you when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we or our franchisees are involved.
Aggregate and de-identified information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and customers. Therefore, we do not sell or rent our customers’ Personal Information to any third party. Further, we do not share your Personal Information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING MECHANISMS
We and our third-party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site. We may combine this information with other Personal Information we collect from you (and our third-party service providers may do so on our behalf).
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third-Party Links section.
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site, while others allow us to track your activities at our Site. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity after you have logged in, as you move through our Site.
Persistent cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity and to display advertising both on our Site and on third-party sites.
Disabling cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.
THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytics and tools to evaluate our Site and Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Site and Services and performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your Personal Information with these third parties.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to, and use of, such linked websites is not governed by this Policy but instead is governed by the privacy and other policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite these efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS, TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER, OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS, SUCH AS HACKERS. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE REGARDING USE OF MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails or text messages to you, such as when you sign up for our newsletter at the Site or call us. You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the message. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails or text messages about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you messages about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
Our Site is not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our systems.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us by mail at:
Huntington Mark LLC.Attention: Marketing Department - Privacy Policy496 Kinderkamack RoadOradell, NJ 07649USA
CALIFORNIA Consumer Privacy Act
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) permits California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of Personal Information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding twelve (12) months. You may request this information up to two (2) times in any 12 month period. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing or email to:
Huntington Mark LLC  Attention: Marketing Department - California Privacy Policy496 Kinderkamack RoadOradell, NJ 07649USA
PrivacyOfficer@hlcmail.com
PRIVACY RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Huntington Learning Center does not provide any services outside of the United States. The use of our Site will result in the transfer of information to us in the United States.  If you access this site, this Privacy Policy will apply to Personal Information we collect, use, and distribute.  If you have questions or concerns regarding your Personal Information please send write to:
Huntington Mark LLC  Attention: Marketing Department - Privacy Policy496 Kinderkamack RoadOradell, NJ 07649USA
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy at any time and from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices about the Personal Information we previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
NO WARRANTIES
We do not warrant that our website will operate error-free or that our website or server is free of computer viruses and other harmful components. If your use of our website results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, we are not responsible for those costs or any related damage.
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE. WE ARE PROVIDING OUR WEBSITE "AS IS". WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT OUR WEBSITE. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR FRANCHISEES OR OUR OR THEIR FORMER, CURRENT, AND FUTURE EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, LICENSEES, REPRESENTATIVES, OR AGENTS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EVEN IF WE OR THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
Our website and all of its content are copyrighted by Huntington Mark, LLC, and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation of content on our website is the exclusive property of Huntington Mark, LLC and may not be used for any purpose other than browsing and using the services and information provided for your own private use. You are only permitted to use our website as expressly authorized by us. Nothing in this Privacy Policy transfers any express or implied right, title, or interest in our website or its contents to you.
ADDITIONAL POINTS ABOUT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the agreement it creates shall be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the State of New Jersey (without applying the State's conflict-of-law principles). We reserve the right to bring any civil action in New Jersey in state or federal court, arising from your violation of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you agree to the jurisdiction and venue of these courts.
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire Privacy Policy regarding all the matters that have been discussed in the preceding paragraphs.
For more information concerning your use of the Site, including copyright protections, termination of use, and related issues, refer to our Terms of Use.
Copyright © Huntington Mark LLC, 2008 - 2020. All rights reserved.
Stay in touch and sign up for our newsletter
Sign Up
Blog
Careers
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Locations
©2008-2020 Huntington Mark, LLC.
Independently Owned and Operated. SAT and Advanced Placement (AP) are registered trademarks of the College Board.
PSAT/NMSQT is a registered trademark of the College Board and the National Merit Scholarship Corporation.
ACT is a registered trademark of ACT, Inc. None of these entities were involved in the production of, and do not endorse, this program.
*Offer valid on Academic Evaluation. Not valid with any other offers.
**Results are based on surveys of 3,298 Huntington students graduating in 2019, using their initial
Huntington Academic Evaluation and final SAT/ACT test score.
×
We'll call you
Find a Huntington Center near you
Search
×
We'll Call You