https://www.uchicagomedicine.org/conditions-services/pregnancy-childbirth
Skip Navigation
Appointments
Close
Appointments
For most specialties, we now offer instant online appointment scheduling.
Schedule an Appointment Online
To request an appointment, please use our secure online form.
Request an Appointment
For questions, or to speak with someone directly, please call 1-888-824-0200
Contact Us
Contact Form and Phone Numbers
Patient Portal
Close
Patient Portal
MyChart (UChicago Medicine)
For help with MyChart, call us at 1-844-442-4278.
Care Connection (Ingalls)
For help with Ingalls Care Connection, call us at 1-708-915-4357 or email portalsupport@ingalls.org.
Online Bill Pay
Ingalls Memorial Bill Pay
UChicago Medicine Bill Pay
Print
Share
Share with facebook
Share with twitter
Share with linkedin
Home
Conditions & Services
Pregnancy & Childbirth
Family Birth Center
At the Family Birth Center, we offer a customized birth experience in the comfort and privacy of our nurturing environment. Our team of experts supports pregnant women and their partners and families with compassion and respect through pregnancy, childbirth, bonding, breastfeeding and healing.
Find a Doctor or Midwife
Find Prenatal Classes
Why Choose the Family Birth Center
Customized Birth Experience
Pregnancy & Childbirth Care
Our Experts
Prenatal & Family Classes
Baby-Friendly Designation
Our Locations
Close Dialog
Customized Birth Experience
Our midwives and physicians offer a spectrum of childbirth options. We will discuss these options with you and support your preferences from the moment you arrive until the moment you take your newborn home.
Your Birth Experience, Your Way
Customized Childbirth Experience
Natural Birth
Our Midwives
Pregnancy & Childbirth Care
We offer specialized care for you and your baby at each stage of pregnancy and childbirth. Whether you're planning to conceive or are already expecting, our experienced team is here to support you all the way from preconception through pregnancy, labor, delivery, breastfeeding and postpartum care.
Expert Care from Planning Your Pregnancy Through Breastfeeding Support
Planning Your Pregnancy
Prenatal Care
Labor & Delivery
Postpartum Recovery & Bonding
Maternal-Fetal Medicine
Meet Our Team
Our Experts
Our team of obstetricians, certified nurse midwives, obstetric nurses, obstetric anesthesiologists, certified lactation consultants, pediatricians and other specialists will guide, care for and support you through pregnancy, childbirth and your earliest days with your newborn.
Your Pregnancy & Childbirth Care Team
Meet Our Team
Our Obstetricians
Our Midwives
Our Maternal-Fetal Medicine Physicians
Prenatal & Family Classes
We'll help you prepare for labor and delivery and learn to care for your newborn. The Family Birth Center offers classes — including several free classes and support groups — for new and expecting parents, siblings and grandparents.
Classes for New & Expectant Parents & Families
Prenatal & Family Classes
Baby Bistro Breastfeeding Support Group
Breastfeeding Your Infant
Family Birth Center Tour
Grandparents Workshop
Infant Care for Expectant Parents
Infant CPR & Safety
Infant Massage Class for Parents & Babies
Intro to Infant's Car Seat
Labor Preparation for Expectant Parents
Lamaze Childbirth Preparation
Support Partners Workshop
Sibling Preparation
Support Groups
Prenatal Classes - Harvey
Baby-Friendly Designation
Baby-Friendly USA acknowledges our commitment to providing care based on the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP)-endorsed 10 Steps to Successful Breastfeeding.
Exceptional Care for Breastfeeding Moms & Babies
Baby-Friendly Designation
Breastfeeding & Lactation Support
Baby Bistro Breastfeeding Support Group
Our Locations
Located in the University of Chicago Medicine Comer Children's Hospital on our Hyde Park medical campus, the Family Birth Center features private suites and amenities to enhance comfort and family bonding during your childbirth experience. Our team also offers prenatal care at our South Loop location and high-risk pregnancy care in Orland Park.
Locations, Directions & Parking
Family Birth Center - Hyde Park
Family Birth Center - Harvey
Duchossois Center for Advanced Medicine (DCAM) - Hyde Park
UChicago Medicine South Loop
UChicago Medicine Orland Park
UChicago Medicine Schererville
Visiting the Family Birth Center
Video Visits and Online Scheduling
Schedule an OB/GYN Video Visit
For your convenience and safety, we offer secure and easy virtual visits for many of your gynecologic and obstetric needs. Our care providers can assess your symptoms, make a diagnosis, recommend treatment and send prescriptions to your pharmacy.
Download the MyChart App
Download the MyChart app for Apple or Android devices to access your health records, communicate with your providers and schedule an appointment.
Coronavirus (COVID-19) and Pregnancy
In this video, Section Chief of Maternal-Fetal Medicine Sarosh Rana, MD, MPH, answers common questions about coronavirus and pregnancy. Also, learn what precautions the Family Birth Center is taking to help maximize safety for you and your baby during pregnancy, delivery and postpartum care.
Questions about pregnancy and coronavirus (COVID-19)
Comprehensive High-Risk Pregnancy & Neonatal Care
Distinguished Expertise in Maternal-Fetal Care
Our experts specialize in diagnosing and managing health conditions that place expectant mothers at elevated risk for potential complications during pregnancy and birth.
Coordinated Care for Complex Fetal Conditions
Our Fetal and Neonatal Care Center provides personalized prenatal consultations and the highest level of specialized care for babies facing critical health challenges.
Streamlined Transitions to Exceptional NICU Care
Our unique location in Comer Children's Hospital offers convenient NICU access for infants who need advanced medical care at birth.
Try Our Free Family Birth Center Tour
Equipped with private delivery suites, two large natural birthing suites and state-of-the-art operating rooms, the Family Birth Center - Hyde Park was designed to optimize your comfort, safety and options as you welcome your newest loved one. Book a free guided tour at your convenience, and try our virtual tour today.
Family Birth Center Tour
Pregnancy & Childbirth Articles
At the Forefront Live: Benefits of Modern Midwifery
Not your grandmother's midwife: Common misperceptions about modern midwifery
Tania's birth story: Experiencing childbirth her way
Providing care and support for breastfeeding mothers and their babies
Zakiya's birth story: Team supports mom and premature son through complications
Tips to manage common pregnancy symptoms by trimester
Kristen's birth story: A family-centered experience
Sana's birth story: Experts treat congenital heart disease during and after pregnancy
Keewa's birth story: Customized experience exceeds new mom's expectations
I'd Like to
Make an Appointment
Contact Us
Pay a Bill
Find Classes & Events
Refer a Patient
Make a Donation
Request Medical Records
Find a Clinical Trial
Apply for a Job
Menu
Close
Patients & Visitors
Health Care Professionals
Research & Clinical Trials
Find a ConditionFind a PhysicianFind a LocationVideo AppointmentsHealth & Science NewsGive
Appointments: 1-888-824-0200
Comer Children's Hospital
Back to the Main Menu
Close
Patients & Visitors
See All Patient & Visitor Information
Conditions & Services
Patient Information
Visitor Information
Schedule a Video Visit
Schedule a Virtual Visit
With video visits, you can talk with your doctor and receive the same personalized care, expert answers and a care plan tailored to you.
Patient Portal
Patient Portal
Communicate with your doctor, view test results, schedule appointments and more.
Back to the Main Menu
Close
Health Care Professionals
See All Health Care Professionals Information
Referring Physicians
Nursing
Employee Resources
Coronavirus Employees Resources
Coronavirus Resources for Employees
View coronavirus information, resources and services available for employees.
Back to the Main Menu
Close
Research & Clinical Trials
Research & Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
Our Research
The Forefront: Health & Science News
Find a Clinical Trial
Find a Clinical Trial
Learn more about clinical trials and find a trial that might be right for you.