https://www.newsday.com/services/newsday-llc-privacy-policy-1.2515999#cal
SEARCH
Long Island
Sports
Things to Do
News
Feed Me
Opinion
Business
Obituaries
Events
TODAY'S PAPER
30°
12/11/2020
Good Morning
SEARCH
Home
Long Island
Nassau
Suffolk
Education
Crime
Politics
Towns
Investigations
Data and maps
Commuting
LI Life
History
Obituaries
Sports
Yankees
Mets
Islanders
Rangers
Jets
Giants
Knicks
Nets
High school
College
Columns
Videos
Scores
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
Football
Golf
Hockey
Horse Racing
Media
MMA
Motor Racing
Olympics
Soccer
Entertainment
Movies
TV
Celebrities
Music
Books
Theater
Reality TV
Nassau Coliseum
Crosswords
Feed Me
Things to Do
Restaurants
Family
Pets
Travel
Food and Drink
Top 100 Restaurants
Fashion and Shopping
Home and Garden
LI Getaways
Recreation
Retirement
Advice
Events
Gift guides
News
Nation and World
NYC
State and Region
Health
Technology
Lottery
Opinion
Matt Davies
Podcast: Life Under Coronavirus
Columnists
Letters to the editor
Submit your letter
Business
Real Estate
Technology
Cars
Columns
Mutual funds
Markets
Stocks
Cars
Real Estate
Jobs
Obituaries
Events
Special Sections
Classifieds
Crosswords
Weather
Data
Horoscopes
Contact Newsday
30°
12/11/2020
Good Morning
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
NEWSLETTERS
LOG OUT
SUBSCRIBER
DEALS VIEW
MANAGE MY ACCOUNT
MANAGE NEWSLETTERS
ACTIVATE MY ACCOUNT
Newsday LLC ("Newsday", "we", "our") is firmly committed to respecting your privacy in the course of offering you a high quality, interactive, and personalized experience. We take your privacy concerns seriously. Our Privacy Policy is designed to inform you about how we may collect, use, share, and store information about you and the choices available to you.
PRIVACY POLICY HIGHLIGHTS
This Highlights section contains an overview of our privacy practices. The full Privacy Policy is available here.
Information We Collect - We collect various information about you when you use our services, including:
information you provide to us;
information about how you use our websites, mobile applications, and other online services;
information about the computers and devices you use to access our services;
information about your online activities and your interests;
information about how you respond to our communications;
information about the location of your mobile device based on the location of nearby Wi-Fi networks or, subject to your consent, information accessed via the location functionality of your device; and
information about you from publicly or commercially available sources.
How We Use Information - We use information:
to provide you with products and services, respond to your requests, manage sweepstakes and contests, and to personalize the content on our services;
for research purposes;
to communicate with you about your account; learn about you; and send you or provide you with ads, offers, or other content based on your interests;
to resolve disputes; and
to improve, maintain, and troubleshoot our services.
Sharing Information - We share information:
with third parties, including service providers that process information on our behalf, to facilitate transactions and provide you with services;
with our affiliates;
to facilitate interest-based advertising; and
in association with a transfer of a business or related assets; when there is a legal obligation to disclose your information; or to protect our legal rights, the public, or others.
Your Choices
You may update or delete the account information you provide us for any of our services in the account information page for that service.
You may indicate your preferences regarding marketing communications on our Newsletter Management page.
You can learn about your ability to register your "do not track" preferences in the Interest-Based Advertising section of the full Privacy Policy.
Other Information
We use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Our services are not intended for children under 13 years of age.
We are not responsible for any third-party products or services you access via our services.
We may notify you of material updates to our Privacy Policy via email and will post a notice at Newsday.com. Your continued use of our services after notice constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. You understand and agree that, by visiting or using any website, mobile application, or online service governed by this Privacy Policy, you consent to the processing of information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy is subject to change. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the Effective Date at the top of this page. If you disagree with any portion of this Privacy Policy, now or as amended by us, your only option is to not use the websites, mobile applications, or online services governed by it. This Privacy Policy includes references to Newsday, which owns and operates the newspapers, websites and apps referenced in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT IS IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
What Information Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
What Information Do We Collect?
How We Use the Information We Collect
How We Share the Information We Collect
Third-Party Links and Content
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies
Interest-Based Advertising
Children's Privacy
Your Choices
Security
Notice to California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights
International Transfers of Information
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Contact Information
Definitions of Certain Terms
WHAT INFORMATION DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through our websites, mobile applications, and online services (“our services”) that link or otherwise refer to this Privacy Policy. If we combine this information with information from other sources, we will treat the combined information as being governed by this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not otherwise apply to information that we or our affiliates collect through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information that you provide to us: We and our service providers collect information that you provide when you use our services. For example, to access certain parts of our services, you may have to register or subscribe for an account. During registration we may collect your name, address, username, password, and email address. You may also provide us with information when you post a message on our services; sign up to receive communications from us; register for sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions; register for an event; participate in surveys, voting or polling activities, or other interactive areas of our services; purchase a subscription or classified ad; or contact us with a question, comment, or request. The information that you may provide us includes but is not limited to:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Date of birth
Telephone number
Username
Password
Payment information, including account or card number
Gender
When you use social media platforms, applications or tools that enable features like audio or video content (sometimes known as “plugins”), or other features that are operated or offered by other companies (sometimes known as “third parties”) and are integrated into our services or allow you to connect to our services, may collect information from you, and we may collect information from those third parties. This may include payment services, login services or review platforms. When you connect your Newsday account with your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy. Please refer to the privacy settings of the social media platforms or third-party features you use to manage how information is shared.
If you disclose any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with Newsday’s services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Passive data collection: Like most companies that offer services online, we and our service providers may automatically collect certain technical information from your computer, tablet or mobile device when you use our services or interact with us. The information we may collect includes but is not limited to:
IP address
Operating system
Device type
Device manufacturer
Device identifier
Browser type
Content viewed on our services
Pages viewed immediately before and after you access our websites
Which ads or content from us or our affiliated companies you view, access, or click on
Your activities over time and across websites and apps within the Newsday network and within the network of websites and apps serviced by the ad networks, advertisers, service providers, and other companies with which we do business, following your use of one of our websites or apps
Whether you open our electronic communications and where you click within them
Features of our services that you use
Name and location of your Internet Service Provider
Amount of time spent on our pages and how many pages you viewed during your visit
For more information about how we collect this information, see the Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies section of this Privacy Policy.
We, our service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business may collect information about you from publicly available sources (e.g., social media platforms) and commercially available resources. We may combine that information with the information described above and will handle the combined information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Location Information - Our mobile applications may collect precise information about the location of your mobile device via your device’s GPS or cellular connectivity, but only with your express consent. Once you have consented to the collection of such precise location information via your mobile device, you may adjust this consent by managing your Location Services preferences through the settings of your mobile device. We may also be able to infer your location from other information that you provide or information that we collect passively, such as the known locations of nearby Wi-Fi networks.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use the information we collect for a number of purposes, including, but not limited to:
providing you with and communicating with you about the products, services, or information you request or purchase;
providing you with information and important updates about your account or subscription, or our products and services;
using your location information to deliver location-based services that you request or location-based offers that may be of interest to you;
delivering information or offers for goods or services from our publications, our partners, or third parties that may be of interest to you (see the Interest-Based Advertising section of this Privacy Policy for more information);
personalizing your experience when using our services and providing content based on your interests or other demographics;
allowing you to share content and information from our publication via social media, email, and other means;
improving or troubleshooting our services;
determining whether you are eligible for sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions;
generating and analyzing statistics about how you use our services and respond to our communications;
linking your activities across the devices you use to access the services so that we can learn about how you use the services and the devices you use, contact you across devices, and provide you with a consistent experience across devices;
creating compiled, aggregate, and anonymous information about the users of our services and how our users interact with our services ("Aggregated Information");
safeguarding your information;
helping our advertisers and other companies better understand our users; and
detecting, preventing, and responding to potential fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Service, violations of law, or other misuse of our services. [LINK TO newsday.com/terms]
We may combine or aggregate any of the information we collect from our services and elsewhere for any of these purposes.
HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may disclose information about you:
to service providers that process payments, handle marketing communications, provide technical support, conduct surveys, or perform other services for us;
to business partners when you have elected to receive communications from them;
to business partners that engage in interest-based advertising;
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process;
as necessary to process transactions and provide you with the services, products, or information you request or purchase;
when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or property of our affiliates or us, or to protect the safety of you or others;
to detect, prevent, or respond to potential fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Service, violations of law, or other misuse of our services
to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other transfer of all or part of our assets; or
subject to your consent.
We do not share your credit card information or other financial information with third parties for their marketing purposes or other independent use. When we share information with third parties for processing credit card or other payments, we require those third parties to comply with applicable Payment Card Industry standards.
We may share Aggregated Information with third parties that provide content and services for us. We may also share Aggregated Information with advertisers and others so that they can better understand our audience. For example, we might disclose the gender, age, or geographical breakdown of our user base.
You should know that when you voluntarily disclose personal information publicly on our services (for example, when commenting on articles), that information may be collected and used by others and you may receive unsolicited communications from other people. Public activities may be included in our RSS feeds, APIs, and other distribution formats. As a result, your public activities may appear on other websites, blogs, or feeds. When you share information via features offered on our services by other companies (sometimes known as “third-party plugins”), the privacy settings of the other companies for those features govern how the information will be shared. When you are logged into our services, depending on the service you are logged into, your name may be displayed, and your email address and contact information may be viewed. Be sure to log out of your account and take other steps to ensure that others cannot view that information without your knowledge.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND CONTENT
Our services and communications may contain links to or content from websites or other online services provided by third parties. We expect our partners and third-party providers to respect your privacy, but you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by websites and other services that are not under our control. The privacy practices of third parties are governed by their privacy policies, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of all websites and online services that you use, view, or visit.
USE OF COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
We may use cookies, web beacons (also known as pixels), and other technologies to collect information when you use our services. These technologies help us remember you when you visit our services, personalize your experience on the services, learn about how you and others use the services, learn about the devices you use to access the services, and remember your preferences.
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website stores on your computer or device in the cookie file associated with the browser that you use to access the website. Most major websites use cookies. Cookies alone generally cannot be used to identify you, but a login cookie will store information that helps remember you, such as your username.
Cookies help us recognize you when you return to our websites and hold information from one visit to the next for your ease of use. Cookies also help us better understand how people use our services through click-stream analysis, which allows us to design a better user experience. We may also share information that we collect with third parties, such as service providers, advertisers, and advertising companies as described in this Privacy Policy.
Certain third-party content providers, advertisers, and advertising companies may also place cookies on your computer or mobile device. We do not have access to, nor control over, these third parties' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used. For example, we use Google to serve advertisements on Newsday’s services, which uses the Google DoubleClick cookie, and in some cases, a unique device identifier, to show you ads based on your visit to Newsday.com and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the Google DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. To learn more, visit the Interest-Based Advertising section of this Privacy Policy.
Some of our services and communications may contain tiny electronic images known as web beacons. We use web beacons to assist us in delivering cookies on our services and to allow us to count users who have visited those pages. We also include web beacons in promotional email messages in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
To help ensure that you receive ads that are relevant to your interests on our services, our advertisers’ services, and elsewhere on the Internet, we and third-parties (including service providers, advertisers, and advertising companies) may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and devices. We and third parties may use that information to help understand audience segments. Advertisers may use the segments to determine the audience groups to which they wish to deliver particular ads. Through this process, we do not use information that directly identifies you.
You may opt out of tracking and receiving tailored advertisements on your mobile device by some mobile advertising companies and other similar entities by downloading the App Choices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices. You may opt out of receiving permissible targeted advertisements by using the NAI opt-out tool available at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 or visiting About Ads at https://optout.aboutads.info.
Opting out does not mean you will no longer receive advertising. It means that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not respond to browser Do Not Track signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across the networks of websites and online services in which we participate; if we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so here. For more information on Do Not Track, please visit https://allaboutdnt.com.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Newsday’s services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. In addition, we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, although certain third-party sites that we link to may do so. These third-party sites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide information on our websites without their permission.
Involvement of parents: In accordance with the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Act, in the event that we do begin collecting any personal information or data from children under the age of 13, we will notify parents first, and will seek parental or guardian consent to collect, use and/or disclose certain personal information from children under the age of 13. A parent may review and have deleted their child’s personal information and may refuse to permit further collection or use of their child’s information by contacting us as noted at the end of this Privacy Policy. Parents may consent to our collection and use of their child’s personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to others.
If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information, please contact us as provided in the Contact Information section below, and provide sufficient detail to enable us to delete that information from our databases.
YOUR CHOICES
In general, if you register to use any of our services, you may update the information you have provided to us for any of our services by visiting the account information page of that service.
When you register for our services, you may be able to indicate your preferences regarding marketing communications. On our Newsletter Management page, you may be able to change those preferences and select the categories of communications that interest you. When we or our affiliates send you emails containing offers that may be of interest of you, those emails may contain links via which you may opt out of receiving those communications. If you experience difficulty with the “unsubscribe” process, please contact us at privacy@newsday.com and provide your email address along with the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe.
You will not be able to opt out of receiving certain service-related or transactional communications relating to our services unless you cancel your registration or subscription.
Even after your account is cancelled, we may retain your information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY
While we strive to maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your information, no information system can be 100% secure. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Moreover, we cannot be responsible for information that you transmit over networks that we do not control or information that you choose to publicly disclose. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.
We make reasonable efforts to secure the account information pages and other registration locations for our services, such that they can be accessed only by our authorized personnel or by logging in with your username and password.
We endeavor to protect the security of your payment information during transmission by using technology that encrypts information you submit.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS:
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits consumers who are California residents, to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law), if any, that we disclosed in the preceding calendar year to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Our disclosure requirements apply only if we share our consumers’ personal information with third parties for them to directly market their own products to those consumers, instead of assisting us with our own business. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us as provided in the Contact Information section below.
As a California resident, in addition to your rights under the California “Shine the Light” law, the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (CCPA) may provide additional rights. Continue reading to learn more.
Personal Information We Collect
We may have collected personal information in the following categories from consumers within the last twelve (12) months. The categories and examples provided in the chart below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information may have been collected about consumers. We will update this disclosure from time to time as appropriate.
In response to a verified consumer request for categories of information collected, we will investigate and provide an individualized response to the consumer, and will not merely refer the consumer to our general practices outlined in this Privacy Policy unless our response would be the same for all consumers and this Privacy Policy discloses all the information that is otherwise required for the response to such a consumer request.
Category
Examples
A. Identifiers.
A name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older) and gender.
D. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
E. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
F. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
G. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sources of Personal Information
Directly from you. For example, during account registration from forms you complete, subscriptions you purchase or comments you provide on our services.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our services.
From third parties.
For example, third party social networking providers and advertising companies, our affiliates and service providers who provide services or information to us. If you do not want us to collect information from social networks, you should review and adjust your privacy settings on those networks as desired before linking or connecting them to our services.
From publicly available sources.
For example, online database searches.
Use and Disclosure (“Sale”) of Personal Information
We may have “sold” (as that term is defined in the CCPA) personal information in the following categories from consumers within the last twelve (12) months. Please note that the CCPA uses an expanded definition of the term, in which “sell” means:
“Selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for valuable consideration; or (B) sharing orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information with a third party, whether for valuable consideration or for no consideration, for the third party’s commercial purposes.”
When we disclose that we may have sold personal information, it means that we may have received some kind of benefit to our company in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily received any money in exchange.
The categories below are those defined in the CCPA.
This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact “sold” but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information may have been shared for value in return. We will update this disclosure from time to time as appropriate.
In response to a verified consumer request for categories of personal information “sold,” we will investigate and provide an individualized response to the consumer, and will not merely refer the consumer to our general practices outlined in this Privacy Policy unless our response would be the same for all consumers and this Privacy Policy discloses all the information that is otherwise required for the response to such a consumer request.
Identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Commercial information.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Geolocation data.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose personal information we collect for “business purposes” or “commercial purposes” (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples. The examples provided are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive.
Auditing Interactions with Consumers.
For example: monitoring traffic to our services, counting ad impressions, and auditing legal and regulatory compliance.
Security.
For example, maintaining the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets and our business, including preventing fraud, detecting security breaches and prosecuting violators, and responding to law enforcement requests and meeting requirements of applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Debugging/Repair.
For example, identifying and repairing errors in our services’ functionality.
Certain Short-term Uses. For example, ad customization that does not involve or contribute to profiling.
Performing Services. For example, creating, maintaining, customizing and securing your account with us, processing your purchases, transactions, and payments, hosting our websites, fulfilling subscription orders, managing databases, performing analyses, billing, and marketing services such as managing sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions.
Internal Research for Tech Development. For example, testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services.
Quality and Safety Maintenance and Verification.
For example, improving, upgrading, enhancing, and verifying the quality and safety of our services.
Other Commercial Purposes.
For example, as described to you when collecting your personal information such as for promotions, or to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, in which personal information we hold is among the assets transferred.
If we decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes we will update this Privacy Policy.
In response to a verified consumer request to know what personal information was collected or sold, we will investigate and provide an individualized response to the consumer, which will include the business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or sharing that information. We will not merely refer the consumer to our general practices outlined in this Privacy Policy unless our response would be the same for all consumers and this Privacy Policy discloses all the information that is otherwise required for the response to such a consumer request.
Disclosing Personal Information to Other Parties
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of other parties for a business purpose or commercial purpose, as those terms are defined in the CCPA:
Our affiliates
Service providers
Advertisers, advertising technology companies, analytics companies and other third parties with whom we have business relationships
Government regulators
Our legal advisors and parties involved in a legal process
To an entity involved in the sale of all or part of our business
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with services we provide to you
In order to provide advertisements and content that are more relevant to you, we and our advertising and content providers may collect personal information when you use our services (such as the IP address of your device, the identifier on your mobile device, or cookies stored on your device), and may share the information we collect with third parties (see the Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies section of this Privacy Policy for more information).
Your CCPA Privacy Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information as described below.
Right to Know about Personal Information Collected or “Sold”
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. After we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you within the time required by the CCPA, the relevant information, which may include:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold your personal information, or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions, including if we need the personal information for a reason related to our business, such as:
providing goods or Services to you;
detecting and resolving issues related to security or functionality;
complying with legal obligations;
conducting research in the public interest;
exercising free speech or ensuring another’s exercise of free speech; or
using the information for internal purposes that a consumer might reasonably expect.
After we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records within the time period required by the CCPA, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us through this web form. You may make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability only twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include: providing your email and phone verification, known customer information, and/or account sign-up authentication or other information needed to verify your identity depending on the sensitivity of the personal information in question.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We use good faith efforts to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days after its receipt. If we need more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and the needed extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. If we cannot comply with any portion of a request, the response we provide will also explain why, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a commercially reasonable format to provide your personal information that is commonly useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, but we do not guarantee that all formats are useable in all media. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of CCPA Privacy Rights
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. In particular, we will not:
Deny you goods or services
Charge you different prices for goods or services, whether through denying benefits or imposing penalties
Provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services
Threaten you with any of the above
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
We currently do not offer any financial incentive, benefit, or price differences in return for the disclosure, deletion, or sale of personal information. However, in general, our business model is based on providing a certain amount of free content to readers, after which we may require that additional content access must be paid for.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
The CCPA requires businesses to provide a webpage where consumers can opt out of the “sale” of their personal information.
Cookie Settings.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION
By using any of our services, you agree that we may collect, use and transfer your personal information as described in this privacy policy, including transfers outside the country where you live. If you have any questions about our data practices, you may contact us as set forth below.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, and your continued use of our services after such changes have been made constitutes acceptance of those changes. If you are a registered user of our services and we make any revisions that materially change the ways in which we use or share the information previously collected from you through our services, we will notify you of those revisions by sending an email to the email address listed in your registration. We will also post a notice of any material change to this policy by posting a notice on Newsday.com.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or you wish to exercise your rights, please contact us as provided below:
Call us at 1-800-NEWSDAY (1-800-639-7329)Email us at privacy@newsday.com
DEFINITIONS OF CERTAIN TERMS
IP Address - the identifier assigned to facilitate communications over the Internet. Depending on how you connect to the Internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the Internet. An IP address does not in and of itself disclose your name, email address, or home or work address.
Service Providers - unaffiliated companies that perform services on our behalf, such as printing, mailing, processing payments, managing the delivery of advertisements, collections, data processing, or communications. We strive to limit the amount of users’ personally identifiable information shared with service providers. We ask these service providers to keep confidential the information that we provide to them, and we require them to not share, sell, or rent any information collected from our users that directly identifies our users.
Didn’t find what you were looking for?
Try our new Search