http://www.bju.edu/website-policies.php
Website Policies | Bob Jones University
Skip to main content
A-Z Index
Directory
Admission & Aid
Apply
Tuition & Aid
Visit
Request Info
Admission Counselors
Admitted Students
Academics
Programs of Study
Academic Experience
Faculty
Online Learning
Resources & Support
Accreditation
Request a Transcript
Life & Faith
Faith & Worship
Get Involved
Housing & Dining
Student Support
Life in Greenville, S.C.
About
BJU at a Glance
Campus Map
Creed and Mission
University Leadership
Our History
Careers at BJU
Events
Calendar
Chapel
Fine Arts
Commencement
Youth Events
Near You
Webcasts
Athletics
Students
Parents
Alumni
Donors
Visit
Apply
Request Info
Website Policies
Home » About » Website Policies
Copyright
All content (text, images and videos) contained on this website is protected by United States and International copyright and other applicable laws. Permission is required to copy, download or use any text, images or videos. All copied material must include copyright notice.
Links to Other Sites
Links to other sites are provided as a convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement or guarantee of the information, opinions, or products available on such sites.
Refund Policy
Products and services purchased on this website are subject to the following:
No refunds are available unless otherwise stated.
Contact the department from which you purchased with any questions on refunds or returns.
Privacy Policy
We take the privacy of our users very seriously.
This privacy statement details the types of information we collect and how we use it.
1. What information does bju.edu collect?
The primary reason we collect personal information is to provide quality content and services.
Several services and products we offer require you to provide us with information as a condition for receiving said services and/or products.
We collect personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and credit card information when required.
We may at times on forms such as an admissions application collect other sensitive information such as your gender, social security number, and/or parental information.
We also use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the “about Hotjar” section of Hotjar’s support site.
2. How does bju.edu secure this information?
Bju.edu uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol to encrypt the transfer of confidential information obtained by forms on this site. These forms can be identified by the address starting with “https:” instead of “http:”.
3. What is bju.edu’s practice regarding cookies?
Your Internet browser has a feature called cookies, which stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit most of our site, although active participation in certain areas of our site may require cookies. Cookies alone tell us nothing about who you are. By adjusting your settings on your browser, you may elect not to allow cookies to be collected.
We use cookies in a variety of ways, including:
Keeping count of return visits to our site
Accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on Website usage
Allowing third-party cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from bju.edu and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads (you can opt-out of the collection and use of such information for ad targeting at any time).
4. How does bju.edu use this information?
We use the information we gather to enhance the user experience on our site. We use tracking information to determine how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages. This helps us continue to build a better site for you.
Information required for University or Academy admission is used to validate your request and process your admission application. Your information is never shared with third parties.
We use your information to keep you aware of current news and offerings from the University and to assist you with the admissions and academic process.
5. How does bju.edu share this information?
If the information you shared included credit card information for a purchase, this information must be released to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment and your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you have ordered.
Bju.edu may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with the law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements, or (iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of bju.edu, our customers, or others. Bju.edu may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose personally identifiable information upon receipt of court order, subpoena, or in cooperation with a law enforcement investigation. Bju.edu fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities and reserves the right to report any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
In some cases we allow third parties to use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from bju.edu and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads (you can opt-out of the collection and use of such information for ad targeting at any time).
Bju.edu does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to any third parties other than those listed above.
6. How will I know if the privacy policy is changed?
Any modifications to our privacy practices will be reflected first within this area. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our sites that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy statement. If we are going to be using the information collected from users in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will send affected users written notice of the change by email.
Contest Rules
Instagram Contest Rules
About BJU
BJU at a GlanceCreed and MissionUniversity LeadershipPresidentExecutive VP, AcademicsVP, Advancement/AlumniVP, Student Development/DiscipleshipVP, Business and FinanceVice Provost for Academic AdministrationVice Provost for Strategic InitiativesChief Communications OfficerChief Enrollment OfficerChief HR OfficerChief Information OfficerChief of StaffOur HistoryCampus MapDirections to CampusBusiness HoursAdditional Ministries
Request Info
Visit
Apply
Contact Us
Careers | Policies | Consumer Info | Public Relations