http://www.srlf.ucla.edu/about/terms-of-use
University of California
Southern Regional Library Facility
SEARCH
MENU
HOME
SEARCH
ABOUT
CONTACTS
DEPOSITS
DIRECTIONS & PARKING
IMAGING SERVICES
USING THE LIBRARY
SRLF PRIVACY POLICY
TOURS
DOCUMENTS
EMPLOYMENT
Home/ About/ Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
Thank you for visiting the University of California Southern Regional Library Facility (SRLF) website. This privacy policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used and disclosed with using the UC SRLF website.
By continuing to use the UC SRLF website, you are accepting the terms of use defined in this statement.
Information Collected by UC SRLF
General
The UC SRLF website is made available to you to provide information about the SRLF and its services offered. You can browse our website without providing any personal information such as you name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security number.
Non-Personal Information
When you access and use the UC SRLF website, some information is automatically collected. For example, we may collect information about your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website that referred you to us. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our website. This type of information data is not personally identifiable.
Cookies
When you visit our website, you may be issued a "cookie," which helps track your session while online. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive. Among other things, cookies help to make your site visit more relevant and personalized for you. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent; however, it is possible that some parts of our Sites will not function properly if you do so.
Personal Information
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us using the Contact forms and pages in order for us to respond to your communication with us.
How We Use Your Information
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is used to generate statistics and to measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site for our visitors.
Personal Information
Information collected from our Contact and Inquiry forms include asking for your E-mail address and may include providing your name, affiliation, or phone number. This personal information allows us to communicate with you, primarily through e-mail, and respond to your requests for service and questions or comments about our services and website.
Sharing Your Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
Links to Other Sites
The UC SRLF website links to other sites, web applications and services that are not contained nor controlled within the SRLF's online environment. The practices of these external sites are not under the control of UC SRLF. Users are encouraged to read the privacy statements at those sites to learn of their privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please use our contact form.
Privacy Policy Effective Date
SRLF may change this privacy policy from time to time. If SRLF makes any changes to this policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date below.
Last Updated: June 13, 2018
Contacts
About
@ucsrlf
Employment
Feedback
Terms of Use
© Regents of the University of California