http://www.salisburymuseum.org.uk/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Top Menu
About Us
News
Documents
Contact Us
You are hereHomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Policy
THE SALISBURY MUSEUMPRIVACY POLICY
The Salisbury Museum is committed to protecting your privacy. This policy explains how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us whether online or via phone, mobile, e-mail, letter or other correspondence.
By using our website, any of our services, or providing us with any personal information we will assume you are agreeing to your information being used and disclosed in the ways described in this policy.
1. WHO WE ARE?
The Salisbury Museum, The King’s House, 65 The Close, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP1 2EN
We are registered with the Charity Commission, and our registered charity number is 289850.
We are registered as a data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998, and out Data Protection Register number is: Z8054166
We use our expertise, creativity and passion, and the extraordinary breadth of our collections, to present world-class displays, exhibitions and events. Our work gives context to the archaeological, historic and artistic riches of Salisbury and south Wiltshire.
We create inspiring experiences, which enable our audiences to appreciate what is so special and significant about this landscape, and the people who have shaped it. In this way, The Salisbury Museum acts as a catalyst to understanding English history on many different levels.
The museum attracts an average of 30,000 people per annum to visit our permanent displays, temporary exhibitions and events. We organise at least three major temporary exhibitions per year, successful shows have included Constable and Salisbury (2011), Turner’s Wessex (2015) and Terry Pratchett: HisWorld (2017). The museum operates a shop and has a café run by under franchise.
2. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Salisbury Museum collects a variety of both personal and non-personal data in order to plan, support and execute our work.
If you do nothing other than read pages or download information from our website, we may gather information about this use, such as which pages are most visited and which events or activities are of most interest.
This information can be used to help us improve our website and services and ensure we provide you with the best service.  Wherever possible, the information we use for this purpose will be aggregated or anonymised i.e. it will not identify you as an individual visitor to our website.
Personal information we collect about you might include:
your name, title, gender, date of birth
postal address, email address and phone numbers
payment details such as credit/debit card and whether you are a UK tax payer so that we can claim Gift Aid
details of correspondence sent to you/received by you
family, spouse, relationships to other donors or volunteers
current activities and interests
employment information, professional history
any other information provided by yourself to Salisbury Museum, that we feel is relevant to your relationship with us
3. WHY DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect your personal information for a number of reasons, such as:
3.1 Fulfilling your requests, such as:
applications for membership
volunteer enquiries
subscribing to our newsletter
register for events
purchase of entry tickets
provision of information
participation in visitor surveys
participation in events
3.2 Processing and administration of financial transactions
Such as the processing of donations and administration of Direct Debit donations, sale transactions, or other payments and verifying the transactions
3.3 Purchases
To send you products you have ordered through our shop. This includes handling orders, delivering products and communicating with you about orders
3.4 Collection Management
If you loan, gift or sell an object to the museum we will keep a record of your details.
3.5 Internal record keeping
Such as the management of feedback or complaints
3.6 Communications and marketing
From April 2020 Salisbury Museum will operate under a new communications policy. While we continue to follow an opt-in approach for all electronic direct marketing (email and text) we will use ‘legitimate interest’ as the basis for our remaining direct marketing (by post and phone). This means we will not seek opt-in consent to communicate with you by post or phone, and each communication will provide an opportunity to opt-out of future communications of this type. Supporters who have previously opted in (to any communication channel) will have their preferences respected as before. Where existing supporters re-engage with us, they will be presented with the new marketing permissions statement, and we will respect their latest instruction. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by emailing museum@salisburymuseum.org.uk
We may also record contact we have with you, and any information you provide that we feel is relevant to your relationship with us. If it potentially sensitive information, we promise to check with you first before recording it.
3.7 Fundraising and campaigns
We may use the information we hold about you to identify the most efficient and effective way to interact with you. This means we may use your past interactions to determine what Salisbury Museum activities are most relevant to you or to invite you to events which have previously been of interest to you. We will adhere to the marketing preferences you have provided us with.
3.8 Major gifts
Major donor supporters come to us through a variety of ways: some are already members or volunteers; others are introduced to our work by friends or colleagues who are passionate about Salisbury Museum and the heritage of South Wiltshire; and others may donate after attending a fundraising event or meeting with our Director or staff.
As a charity reliant on fundraised income, it is in our legitimate interests to undertake research to gather information about your professional, personal and charitable interests and your likely capacity to support us.
Where we do this we use:
Information we may hold about you on our database (such as a record of events you have attended, conversations or correspondence we have had with you in the past)
Publicly available information from reputable sources, where you might expect your information to be read by the public. This includes professional profiles (LinkedIn, corporate biographies etc.); resources such as Companies House, the Charity Commission and charity websites, media coverage and third party publications such as the Sunday Times Rich List.
This research helps us to understand more about you as an individual so we can focus conversations we have with you about fundraising and volunteering in the most effective way, and ensure that we provide you with an experience as a donor or potential donor, which is appropriate to you. It also enables us to use our limited resources as effectively as possible.
In some instances we may receive personal data from a third party, such as a trustee recommending a personal friend that might like to learn more about our work or attend a private view. In these cases, and where we have a legitimate interest in doing so, we might write to you to tell you more about our work, and invite you to an event or a meeting to learn more. At this point we will give you the option to opt-out of further communications from Salisbury Museum.
You will always have the right to opt out of this processing. If you would prefer us not to use your data in this way, please email us at museum@salisburymuseum.org.uk or call the Director on 01722 332151.
3.9 Complying with charity law and other regulations
We process personal data where it is required or authorised by law. We will assess your personal information for the purposes of credit risk reduction or fraud prevention (regrettably some people target charities for illegal purposes such as money laundering and, quite rightly, we are required to monitor financial activity and report suspected fraud to the appropriate authorities). We may use publicly available sources to carry out our due diligence.
3.10 Where you have given us your consent
We require your explicit consent to:
use your image
send you electronic communications
hold your sensitive personal information (for example access or dietary requirements)
3.11 Sensitive personal information
As a general rule we do not collect sensitive personal information (called ‘special category data’ under the Data Protection Act). However there might be situations where we feel it is necessary, in most cases because you have asked us to (e.g. health information of a volunteer, or access requirements of an event guest). If we collect sensitive personal information we will ask for your explicit consent, making it clear what we are collecting it for and why.
4. CREDIT AND DEBIT CARD INFORMATION
If you use your credit or debit card in person or online to donate to us or purchase an entry ticket, event ticket, membership or merchandise, your card information will be collected by the payment provider. The Salisbury Museum will receive details about your order/donation but no card details are provided.
The only exception to this is if you add your credit or debit card information to an event booking form (or a form is filled in on your behalf by a member of museum staff). This data will be kept in secure location until the data is processed. It will then be destroyed.
5. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We will not sell or swap your information with any third party.
We may share your information with our data processors. These are trusted partner organisations that work with us in connection with our charitable purposes, your data will only be shared when it is necessary to do so.
All our trusted partners are required to comply with data protection laws and our high standards and are only allowed to process your information in strict compliance with our instructions. We will always make sure appropriate contracts and controls are in place and we regularly monitor all our partners to ensure their compliance.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are required to do so through a legal obligation (for example to the police or a government body); to enable us to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or rights under an agreement; or to protect us, for example, in the case of suspected fraud or defamation.
We do not share your information for any other purposes.
6. THE ACCURACY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We aim to ensure that all information we hold about you is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date. If any of the information we hold about you is inaccurate and either you advise us or we become otherwise aware, we will ensure it is amended and updated as soon as possible. We cleanse data every other year, your data will be checked against software to make sure that it is accurate, this data will not be passed to any third party for their use.
7. UNDER 18’S
If you are under 18, we will not collect any personal information from you. We may collect personal information from a parent/guardian when it is deemed viable.
8. VULNERABLE CIRCUMSTANCES POLICY
We recognise the importance of protecting our vulnerable supporters and follow the guidance issued by the Institute of Fundraising on treating donors fairly. We believe this helps to support our staff and fundraisers who come into contact with supporters in providing high quality customer care, ensuring anyone donating to the Charity is in a position to make a free and informed decision.
9. STORING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not transfer any information outside of the UK.
We will keep your information for as long as required to enable us to operate our services but we will not keep your information for any longer than is necessary. We will take into consideration our legal obligations and tax and accounting rules when determining how long we should retain your information. When we no longer need to retain your information we will ensure it is securely disposed of, at the appropriate time.
10. OUR WEBSITE
For all areas of our website which collect personal information, we use a secure remotely cloud hosted server. Although we cannot 100 per cent guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, we enforce strict procedures and security features to protect your information and prevent unauthorised access.
Our website contains links to other websites belonging to third parties and we sometimes choose to participate in social networking sites. We may also include content from sites such as these on our website, however we would like to advise that we do not have any control over the privacy practices of these other sites. You should make sure when you leave our site that you have read and understood that site’s privacy policy in addition to our own.
The Salisbury Museum uses “cookies” and “to help monitor the usage of our website. We use Google Analytics for our web analytics.
With cookies, the information we collect and share is anonymous and does not personally identify you. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
11. CHANGES TO THE POLICY
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of August 2020. We will regularly review and update this Privacy Policy, modify, add or remove sections at our discretion. Any changes will be posted on our website, any of our services and/or the continued provision of personal information after we have posted the changes to these terms will be taken to mean you are in agreement with those changes.
12. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:
• Request a copy of the information we hold about you;
• Update or amend the information we hold about you if it is wrong;
• Change your communication preferences at any time;
• Ask us to remove your personal information from our records;
• Object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes; or
• Raise a concern or complaint about the way in which your information is being used.
If you wish to find out more about these rights, or obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, please contact us at:
Subject Access Request, The Salisbury Museum, The King’s House, 65 The Close, Salisbury, SP1 2EN
Tel: 01722 332151
Email: museum@salisburymuseum.org.uk
(Please note this request must be in writing)
See Also
Exhibition
Pick & MixExplore the galleries to discover a fascinating ‘pick & mix’ selection of objects exploring the history of Salisbury and the surrounding area.
Latest News
Coronavirus UpdateThe Salisbury Museum re-opened to the public on Thursday 3 December and is open Thur - Sun 11am - 4pm.
Collections
Search Our CollectionsDiscover the collections at Salisbury Museum, ranging from archaeology to fine art. Search our growing online database of objects.
What's On
Latest Events
16Jan
Salisbury Museum | Behind the Scenes Tour
20Jan
Salisbury Museum | Behind the Scenes Tour
30Jan
Salisbury Museum | Behind the Scenes Tour
More events »