https://www.alabamahomeschool.org/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to contentLast updated: August 29, 2019Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.alabamahomeschool.org website (the “Service”) operated by Alabama Home School (“us”, “we”, or “our”).Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.Intellectual PropertyThe Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Alabama Home School and its licensors.Links To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Alabama Home School.Alabama Home School has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Alabama Home School shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.DisclaimerYour use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.Recent PostsThe Benefits of Furnished Apartments El PasoWhen you travel frequently Furnished Apartments El Paso, two problems that you will always encounter are the travel arrangements and your accommodations
[…]Fundamentals of digital marketingDigital marketing has become one of the most effective ways of brands promoting its products and services. It’s cheaper, and thus companies do not
[…]How to Protect Yourself When Choosing a roofing company Savannah GAThe portion of your house which will get the best exposure roofing company Savannah GA to the ecological extremities is that the roof structure. It needs
[…]How to Use Decorative Concrete in Your HomeDecorative concrete is one of the hottest new trends for concrete floors in the home. This flooring system gives you the option to choose which shade of
[…]New to homeschoolHave you been wondering maybe researching home education? Do you feel it is time to start homeschooling, but you just don’t know where to start or
[…]Rigorous Style of Classical EducationBased on the philosophy of education used in ancient Greece and in Europe during the Middle Ages, this is a rigorous style of education that views
[…]AHA would like to wish everyone a very Happy ThanksgivingWelcome to Alabama Hope Academy and Home school! We cover K-12. We are taking enrollment for school year 2008-2009 Make sure you read this very carefully,
[…]Like & Follow us:
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy