http://www.atozteacherstuff.com/terms.shtml
A to Z Teacher Stuff ~ Teacher Resources,
Lesson Plans, Themes, Tips, Printables, and more
advertise
All GradesPreschoolK1-23 - 56 - 89 - 12
Quick Links: Teacher Downloads • Free Newsletter • Sites for Teachers • Leveled Books Search
home
themes
lessons
tips
articles
discuss
store
printables
subjects
grades
search
Home
>
Visit Network
Sites ...
A to Z Teacher Stuff
Store.atozteacherstuff.com
LessonPlanz.com
SearchEducation
EduBanners
Grade
Levels
Preschool
Grades K-2
Grades 3-5
Middle School
High School
Subject
Areas
Arts & Crafts
Health
Language Arts
Learning
Centers
Literature
Activities
Math
Physical Education
Science
Social Studies
Songs & Poems
Special Education
Thematic Units
FIND MORE
Terms &
Conditions of Use
Please read
these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site.
By using the site, you signify your agreement to these terms of
use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use
the site. "A to Z Teacher Stuff" (AtoZTeacherStuff.com
and LessonPlanz.com) may modify these terms and conditions at any
time.
Restrictions
on Use of Materials
All "content"
(including but not limited to link directories, site design, articles,
lesson plans, images, photos, and messages) on this site is the
property of A to Z Teacher Stuff and is protected by international
and United States copyright laws. Content may not be copied, distributed,
or published in whole or in part without express written permission.
Please feel
free to browse the site. You may download material displayed on
the site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also
retain on all downloaded materials all copyright and other proprietary
notices contained on the displayed materials. You may not, however,
distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the contents
of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text,
data, images, audio, video and other materials without A to Z Teacher
Stuff's written permission. Use of content on any other web site
or networked computer environment is strictly prohibited.
Submissions
Visitors may
not submit others' copyrighted works without first obtaining permission
from the owner. You acknowledge that you are responsible for any
content posts or materials submissions you make to A to Z Teacher
Stuff, and are liable for any damage resulting from any infringement
of proprietary rights or any other harm. By posting content or submitting
material, you grant A to Z Teacher Stuff the unrestricted and perpetual
right to reproduce, modify, publish, and distribute the content
by electronic and/or other means without further permission, notice,
or compensation.
Message
Boards (Forums)
We at A to Z
Teacher Stuff are not responsible for any messages posted. We do
not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness
of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any
message. The messages express the views of the author of the message,
not necessarily the views of this site. Although the administrators
and moderators of A to Z Teacher Stuff Forums will attempt to keep
all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for
us to review all messages. Any user who feels that a posted message
is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email.
We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will
make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we
determine that removal is necessary.
You agree, through
your use of this service, that you will not use this site to post
any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate,
abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually
oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise
violative of any law. You agree not to post any copyrighted material
unless the copyright is owned by you or by this site. (See "Submissions"
for additional guidelines.) Although this site does not and cannot
review the messages posted and is not responsible for the content
of any of these messages, we at this site reserve the right to delete
any message for any or no reason whatsoever.
Please note
that advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations
are inappropriate on the Message Boards, and will be subject to
removal.
Privacy
We respect
your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose
our information collection practices and our privacy policy.
Collecting information provides specific benefits
to our website visitors. To place an order in the store, for instance,
information is required to process your order and payment.
A to Z Teacher
Stuff agrees not to share any personally identifiable information
you individually supply to the site without your express permission.
We collect information for the following purpose(s):
•
Completing
or supporting an activity
• Website and system administration
• Tailoring the website for its visitors
In respect
to unlawful
online activities of any visitor, we reserve the right to reveal
your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the
event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message,
submission,
or action by you.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Platform
for Privacy Preferences
A
to Z Teacher Stuff, LLC uses P3P, the Platform for Privacy Preferences,
to convey privacy
policies in standardized, machine-readable code to the extent possible.
While our site supports P3P, the resulting code has inherent
limitations
such
that it does not fully and may not accurately express all of
our data practices. Some P3P-enabled browsers may interpret
the same P3P code in different ways, while others may interpret
P3P
code in a manner inconsistent with the original intention.
Accordingly, your browser's interpretation of the P3P code should
only be
considered as a short-hand expression of our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy remains our primary policy, and takes precedence
over the P3P code for all purposes.
Limitation
of Liability
The materials
on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties
of any kind either express or implied. A to Z Teacher Stuff will
not be liable for any damages or injury that result from your use
of this site, or from materials that are downloaded from this site.
The information in this site is given in good faith, and believed
to be correct at the time of the last edit. Visitors expressly agree
that use of the service is at the visitor's sole risk.
Software or
downloadable material under this agreement is under no kind of warranty.
Software or downloadable material under this agreement is provided
as is, and isn't guaranteed in any way by the authors. Use this
software or downloadable material at your own risk.
A to Z Teacher
Stuff does not endorse or approve any products or material offered
at sites you reach through banner ads or links. When you access
a third party's web site, it is independent from A to Z Teacher
Stuff and we have no control over the content on that web site.
Because the Internet is constantly changing, visitors are encouraged
to carefully evaluate links before visiting them with children.
Product
Descriptions
A to Z Teacher
Stuff attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, A to Z Teacher
Stuff does not warrant that product descriptions or other content
of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
If a product offered by A to Z Teacher Stuff itself is not as described,
your sole remedy is to request a refund according to the established
refund policy.
Contacting
the Web Site
If you have
any questions about the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this site, you can contact: webmaster@atozteacherstuff.com
A to Z Teacher
Stuff, LLC
2733 E. Battlefield Rd., #304
Springfield, MO 65804
-
Printer-Friendly
• E-mail
to a Friend • Submit
Your Lesson Plan
home
themes
lessons
tips
articles
discuss
store
printables
subjects
grades
search
Search
Now:
Copyright
© 1997-2004 A to Z Teacher Stuff, L.L.C.  All Rights Reserved.
Use of this site signifies your agreement to the terms
of use.
Send questions, comments, and suggestions to webmaster@atozteacherstuff.com
For advertising informaton: Advertise