http://www.nui.ie/help/privacy.asp
Privacy notice | National University of Ireland
Home | Contact NUI
Search this site
9 October 2020
You are here: Home » Web Privacy
NUI website privacy notice
This statement relates to NUI’s privacy practices in connection with this website. NUI is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
General statement
National University of Ireland (NUI) fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you via this website without your clear and informed permission. Any personal information which you provide to NUI will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Collection and use of personal information
NUI does not collect any personal data about you via this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing NUI, or by completing an NUI form that you have downloaded from this website). Any information which you provide voluntarily is used by NUI only in line with the stated purpose for which you provided it; is lawfully shared with identified individuals or organisations and is retained by NUI in line with stated retention periods.
More details can be found in the Data Protection section
of this website, including NUI’s Data Protection Policy.
Collection and use of technical information
This website does not use cookies*, apart from temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor’s web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by our internet service provider for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by NUI to identify website visitors.
NUI will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate technical details with any individual. It is the policy of NUI never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from the internet service provider, who records such data on NUI’s behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by NUI, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation (EU), 2016/679.
(* Cookies: Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the website can "remember" you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the website.)
About NUI
Going to College
Awards
Elections
Publications
Services
News and Events
Links
Disclaimer | Web Privacy | FOI /AIE | Customer Service |      Follow NUI on twitter
National University Of Ireland, 49 Merrion Square, Dublin 2, D02 V583 -
Tel: +353 (1) 439 2424
-
Fax: +353 (1) 439 2466
-
Email: registrar at nui.ie Designed and Developed by FUSIO