http://www.phylliswheeler.com/privacy-policy/
Phyllis Wheeler, AuthorReviewing middle grade books
Reviews and News Blog
Phyllis Wheeler’s Books
Home School
School Visits & Speaking
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Contact forms
These collect limited data for our newsletter, your name and email address. We never share your data with any third party. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Affiliate links
Any affiliate links on this site are flagged for the reader, in cases where we would recommend a book or other item to you anyway. Clicking on one of these stores your personal information so that future purchases of the item we are linking can be credited to us, with a (typically very small) payment from the retailer. These expire after a limited time, depending on the affiliate system.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos from Youtube). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics tracks your data, aggregated with others’ data, to inform us on how users are finding our website, how many there are, and so on.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Be Sociable, Share!
Tweet
About Me
Reviewer, editor and writer for young people--with a background as an engineer and in the news business. As a homeschooling veteran, I review children's books to help parents, librarians, and teachers choose the best.
FacebookPinterestTwitter
Echo Mountain by Lauren Wolk, a review
Things I am thankful for in 2020, and some free gifts!
Save Me a Seat by Sarah Weeks and Gita Varadarajan, a review
Categories
Categories
Select Category
Book reviews  (87)
Devotional  (44)
Family history  (1)
Film reviews  (3)
For writers  (2)
Free or low-cost Christian fiction books  (29)
Guest posts  (25)
heirlooms  (8)
Middle-grade voice example  (7)
Miracles, great and small  (18)
Phyllis Wheeler’s Books  (5)
Reaching out  (1)
Thoughts to share  (54)
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · eleven40 Child Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in