http://www.talis.com/legal
Skip to content
Legal
END USERS
The following terms, conditions and policies apply to the use of all services, applications and websites provided directly or indirectly by Talis:
End User Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
We may change these documents from time to time by updating this page at talis.com/legal. Users are advised to check this page from time to time.
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
Where an institution, company or other organisation (“Customer”) contracts with Talis for the provision of services, applications or websites, the applicable documents referenced below, together with one or more Order Forms signed between Talis and a Customer, form the agreement (referred to as the Master Services Agreement or “MSA”) governing these services.
Master Services Agreement – Effective for Order Forms signed on or after 1 November 2013
Get in touch
+44 (0)121 374 2740
Cancel
Send
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable or Disable Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance