https://www.northwestu.edu/privacy
Skip Navigation
About NU
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Northwest University
1) General
Northwest University and its related companies or affiliates (“NU” or “we”) respect the privacy of every individual who visits our websites or responds to our promotions. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
2) Information Collected From You
Personally Identifiable Information refers to information that is collected in conjunction with your name. NU does not collect any personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it voluntarily. If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, do not submit it to us.
NU may collect other information from you that is not in conjunction with your name. Although most of this information is collected from you when you submit it voluntarily, some of it may be collected automatically by use of a “cookie.” Cookies are small text files that reside on your computer and identify you as a unique user. Cookies allow us to, among other things, measure activity on our website and to personalize your experience on our website. If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. However, by doing so, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features on our website.
3) How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information that we collect to complete a contact or request; to better understand your needs, to provide to NU marketing, to improve our products and services, and to contact you.
Generally we do not give or sell your information, including your personally identifiable information, with outside companies. However, we may share your information with subcontractors that provide us with services. These services may include, among other things, helping to provide services that you request, helping to create or maintain our databases, helping to research and analyze the people who request services or information from us, helping to provide marketing or solicitation materials for our products or services, and/or helping to process payment card information.
4) Third-Party Websites
Links to third-party websites on NU sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the NU site. NU does not review all third-party sites, nor does it control or assume responsibility for the content or privacy policies of any of these sites. Thus, NU does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access a third-party site linked to a NU website, you do so at your own risk.
5) How Can You Correct Your Information?
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or would like to have your personally identifiable information modified or deleted from our records, please email us or call our toll-free number.
6) How to Contact Us, and How We May Contact You
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, contact us at:
Northwest University
5520 108th Ave. NE
Kirkland, WA 98033
425-822-8266
If we are required to provide you with notice of a particular event or incident, we will send you that notice by email, telephone, or mail.
Last revised on March 2, 2017.
Ready to Join the NU Community?
Take your next step today.
Request Information
Schedule an Undergrad Visit
Apply Online Now