https://www.home-school.com/terms-of-use.html
Homeschool World® (www.home-school.com) Website Terms of Use Agreement
Read this Terms of Use Agreement before accessing website.
Effective Date:
This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on March 24, 2010.
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Homeschool World® Online Service provided by Home Life, Inc ("Home Life", "Homeschool World," "we" or "us"). By using the home-school.com website you (the "Visitor" or "you") agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice.
Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at home-school.com website.
Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
User Conduct
You warrant and agree that, while using the Site, you shall not upload, post or transmit to or distribute or otherwise publish through the Site any materials which: (a) are protected by copyright, or other proprietary or intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect thereto, except as provided herein or without first obtaining permission from us, (b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing or profane, (c) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site, (d) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, (e) contain a virus or other harmful component, advertising of any kind, or false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact, or (f) in the case of Forum posts, constitute advertising for any product, site, or service that you own, represent, or with which you have any kind of monetary relationship. See our Forum post, "Advertising Products or Services is Prohibited" for further details. You also warrant and agree that you shall not: (a) impersonate, or misrepresent your affiliation with, any other person or entity, (b) harm minors in any way, (c) upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through the Site for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material), (d) engage in spamming, spoofing or flooding; (e) attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through the Site, or (f) harvest, collect or store information about the users of this Site or the Content posted by others on this Site. You may not upload, post, publish, reproduce, transmit or distribute in any way any component of the Site itself or derivative works with respect thereto, as the Site is copyrighted as a collective work under U.S. copyright laws.
We have no obligation to monitor the Site. You acknowledge and agree, however, that we do retain the right to monitor the Site and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves or our users. We will not intentionally monitor or disclose any private electronic-mail message unless required by law. We reserve the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials from any portion of the Site, in whole or in part, that, in our sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of these Terms and Conditions.
By posting information, data, text, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), in or otherwise using any communications service, chat room, message board, newsgroup, software library, or other interactive service that may be or become available to you on or through this Site, you agree that you are the sole responsible person from which such Content originated and that you have the right to post such Content.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Homeschool World assumes no responsibility for the transmission, deletion or failure to store postings or other information submitted by you or other users to Homeschool World.
Any or all postings on the Site may be purged periodically at Homeschool World's sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that Content you view or post is at your own discretion and risk, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you will not rely on any Content created by Homeschool World or submitted to Homeschool World. You further acknowledge and agree that the views expressed by you and other users of the Site do not necessarily reflect the views of Homeschool World, and Homeschool World does not support or endorse any Content or otherwise posted by you or any user.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The site is provided by us on an "as is" and on an "as available" basis.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
Home Life, Inc. shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. We disclaim all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
Limitation of Liability
Home Life, Inc. SHALL NOT be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular we shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
Proprietary Rights
Home Life, Inc. is the owner and/or authorized user of any trademark, registered trademark and/or service mark appearing on the Site, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the content and/or information on the Site, unless otherwise indicated. Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Site does not grant to you a license to any content, features or materials you may access on the Site. Any commercial use of the Site or the information contained thereon is strictly prohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us in writing. You may not download or save a copy of any of the content or screens for any purpose except as otherwise provided by Homeschool World. You may, however, print one (1) copy of the information on the Site solely for your personal use or records. If you make other use of the Site, except as otherwise provided above, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. We do not grant any license or other authorization to any user of our trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks, other copyrightable material or any other intellectual property, by including them on the Site.
User's Grant of Limited License
By submitting or sending information or other material to Homeschool World you grant Homeschool World the royalty-free, unrestricted, world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub-licensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such Content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
In operating this Site, Homeschool World may seek Content that originates with you and other Site users. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Homeschool World does not solicit nor does it wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site or Homeschool World's mail and email addresses, or in any other way. Any information or material submitted or sent to Homeschool World will be deemed not to be confidential or secret, whether or not it is marked as such.
By submitting or sending information or other material to Homeschool World you represent and warrant that the information is original to you and that no other party has any rights to the material. You also agree and acknowledge that any ideas, concepts, methods, systems, designs, plans, techniques or other similar materials that you submit or otherwise communicate to the Site, may be used and/or distributed by us in any manner.
You also warrant that any "moral rights" in posted materials have been waived.
End User License
User hereby acknowledges and agrees that as a material condition to User's right to access the Site.
User shall not reproduce, distribute, transmit or otherwise disseminate, by any means, any material downloaded from the Site or any adaptations therefrom. User's right to access and operate the Site is solely for User's own, personal use and User shall not at any time make, offer, distribute or disseminate any materials taken from the Site, in whole or in part, for any purpose, commercial or noncommercial.
User shall not acquire any rights of any kind whatsoever, in any media, in and to any mixes, adaptations or other uses of the Site and to the extent that User could be considered under any law now or hereafter existing to have any such right, of a derivative nature or otherwise, User hereby unequivocally assigns any and all such rights throughout the universe in all media now known or hereafter developed to Homeschool World or its licensors.
Any violation in whole or in part of any of these conditions to access of the Site shall render any use made thereof by User unauthorized and infringing and, without limiting any remedies that Homeschool World or any other party may have, User shall be liable for statutory damages to the maximum permitted by applicable law, along with other remedies available under the laws, including copyright laws, of the United States and other countries.
USER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO THE ABOVE CONDITIONS AS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO PERMIT USER'S ACCESS OF THE SITE.
User Information
In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide certain information to us. Homeschool World's use of any information you provide shall be governed by the Privacy Policy. We urge you to read our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of such information.
No Confidentiality
You agree and acknowledge that by using this Site, any and all communications and/or information transmitted by you to the Site will not be treated as confidential or proprietary. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Security
You understand and acknowledge that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that any personal information you submit to us will be free from unauthorized third party intrusion. You understand and agree that all information you submit to Homeschool World or post to the Site is done at your own risk.
Internet Access
You acknowledge and agree that in connection with your use of the Site you must: (a) provide for your own access to the World Wide Web and pay any service fees associated with such access, and (b) provide all equipment necessary for you to make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer, software, a modem and a working telephone line. Homeschool World shall not be responsible for any malfunctions, errors, crashes or other adverse events that may occur from your use of the Site.
Failure to Comply With Terms and Conditions and Termination
Your access to the Site may be terminated at any time, and without cause, by either Homeschool World or you, upon notification to the other by e-mail.
You acknowledge and agree that we may deny you access to all or part of the Site without prior notice if you engage in any conduct or activities that we, in our sole discretion, believe violate any of these Terms and Conditions, violate the rights of Homeschool World, or are otherwise deemed inappropriate for continued access.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Home Life, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising in any way from your use of the Site or the placement or transmission of any message, information, software or other materials on or through the Site by you.
Modifications and Interruption to Service
Home Life, Inc. reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Visitor. We shall not be liable to Visitor or any third party should we exercise our right to modify or discontinue the Service. Visitor acknowledges and accepts that Home Life, Inc. does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with, adversely affected or terminated by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
Third-Party Sites
Our website includes links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.
You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites.
Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Visitors to review the terms of use and privacy policies of the third-parties' sites.
Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources.
While we make every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
We make no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of Missouri
Our website is operated and provided in the State of Missouri.
As such, we are subject to the laws of the State of Missouri, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules.
We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations.
Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of Missouri and assume liability for any violation of law incurred by reason of such access.
Compliance with Laws
Visitor assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws.
Visitor may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Visitor further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©Home Life, Inc. with all rights reserved, or is the property of Home Life, Inc. and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights.
Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Home Life, Inc. is strictly prohibited.
Visitors agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Home Life, Inc.
Homeschool World®, Practical Homeschooling®, and Homeschool Mall® are proprietary marks of Home Life, Inc.
Our trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by us, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Home Life, Inc.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act, Home Life, Inc. requests that if you believe a copyright infringement has occurred,
you contact us via mail at Att: Copyright, Home Life, Inc., PO Box 1190, Fenton MO 63026-1190 or
email us via our contact form.
Please be sure to list the URL of the page on which you believe the
infringement occurred. Upon receipt of the complaint, Homeschool World will use commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
Botnets
We retain the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, Home Life, Inc. reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.
Other Terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent.
You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Home Life, Inc., in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition.
This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Visitor.
Visitor agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Visitor is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
Terms of Use   Privacy Policy
Copyright ©1993- Home Life, Inc.