https://www.lincoln.edu.ar/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
LincolnMENUMENUWhy Lincoln?
WelcomeBoardOur TeamMission, Vision and Core ValuesMaster Facilities PlanAccreditation
Join Us
Admissions
Choosing the right schoolHow to ApplyAdmittance PolicyForms and DocumentationTuition and FeesFinancial Support and ScholarshipContact Admissions
EmploymentAlumniContact Us
Our School
Lincoln Elementary SchoolLincoln Middle SchoolLincoln High SchoolProgramas Nacionales
Learning
Teaching & LearningGuided InquiryLanguageInternational Exams
Arts, Athletics & Activities
ArtsAthleticsAfter School ActivitiesRecreational Camps
Life at Lincoln
School CalendarsLincoln NewsThe Flying CondorOur CampusWellness CenterServicesParents at LincolnLife in Buenos AiresForms
Live Streaming
Home / Privacy and Cookies Policy
LINCOLN takes the protection of your personal data very seriously and treat data confidentially, and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations.
The following information provides you with an overview of the processing of your personal data by us and your rights under data protection laws.
WE ARE: Asociación Escuelas Lincoln
Andrés Ferreyra 4073
(1636) La Lucila, Partido de Vicente López
Provincia de Buenos Aires
Argentina
e-mail: socialmedia@lincoln.edu.ar
Internet: www.lincoln.edu.ar
You can reach our data protection officer at:
Leando Segura: Tech@lincoln.edu.ar
For whom does this privacy policy apply?
The privacy policy is about the visitors or our website, in particular interested parties as well as persons who want to use our services, or who would like to explore Lincoln International School.
Your rights
In connection with our processing of your data, you have the following rights
Right to information concerning the processing of your personal data by us, regarding purposes, categories of processed data, recipients and categories of recipients, duration of storage or criteria for determining duration, the right to correct, delete or restrict the processing, the right to appeal to the supervisory authority, information on the origin and the existence of an automated decision-making and possibly disclosure of guarantees if in transit to a third country   or international organization.
Right to immediate correction or complete of incomplete personal data.
Right to erase the personal data stored if no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or if a given consent was revoked.
Right to restriction of the processing if you deny the correctness of the data
Right to objection to the processing of your personal data
Right to data portability if possible
Right to revoke consent granted at any time. The revocation has the consequence that we are no longer allowed to carry out the data processing for the future from the time of the revocation.
Right to complain to a supervisory authority. The right of appeal applies without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedies.
WHAT DATA DO WE USE?
You can visit our website in principle, without telling your identity. If you send us an e-mail or a contact form, your message and e-mail address will be used exclusively for this correspondence with you.
STATISTICAL DATA
When visiting our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This happens mainly with cookies and with so-called analysis programs. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous: the surfing behavior cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by using certain tools.
If you would like more info about this, please contact Tech@lincoln.edu.ar
PURPOSES TO USE YOUR INFORMATION AND LEGAL GROUNDS
We process your personal data in accordance to the Ley de Proteccion de Datos , Ley 25.326, and always on the basis of your consent.
HOW LONG WILL MY DATA BE STORED?
We process and store your personal data as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of our contractual and legal obligations. If not necessary, the information is deleted regularly.
WHAT DATA IS PROCESSED WHEN USING THE WEBSITE
Usage-related information
By calling our website we receive usage data. This includes information such as screen resolution, browser version, Internet access, operating system, language, plug-ins used, country of origin/region and search engines. The stored data will only be evaluated for statistical purposes. A transfer to third parties and a user-related evaluation does not take place.
Use of cookies
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure.
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so –called session cookies. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored in your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general, as well as activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
If you leave a comment on our website, these cookies used, will last a year and then be deleted.
If you have an account on the website, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will set up several cookies to save your information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for year. If you select “remember me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, and additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires in one day.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Articles on this site, may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with the embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to the website.
PLUGIN: GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics, and Google is our Data processor
With Google as our Data Processor, Google has the obligations to conform to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
As part of being a Data Processor, Google must provide a data processing agreement.
PLUGIN: WP SMUSH
In order to keep our website fast, we use WP Smush, a plugin that optimizes and reduces images sizes. Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will be stripped from the optimized image and it is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
MEDIA
If you upload images to the website ( like your profile picture), you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service policy is available here: https://automatic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy and Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled