http://www.tennessean.com/story/sports/college/vols/2020/08/19/sec-college-football-stadium-policy-coronavirus/5606811002/
How SEC football teams are handling stadium policiesAdam SparksNashville TennesseanView Comments NASHVILLE — Almost every SEC stadium will allow a limited number of football fans for game days this season, but plans differ.The SEC released its guidelines for fans to potentially attend games during the COVID-19 pandemic. But each member school can determine whether fans will attend and how many, plus implement additional protocols consistent with local, state and campus guidelines.So SEC games will look a little different at each stadium this season. With the first of 10 conference games kicking off Sept. 26, schools have time to decide on their stadium protocols. Here is where each SEC school stands on its game day plans, in addition to the SEC guidelines:AlabamaBryant-Denny Stadium will permit about 20% capacity of fans, or about 20,364 of 101,821 available seats. Fans must wear face coverings. There will be no tailgating. Entrances to the stadium will be modified so fans can adhere to social distancing, and mobile ticketing will be used.ArkansasOn Aug. 1, athletics director Hunter Yurachek said Arkansas probably would permit about 25% capacity of Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium, or 18,000 of 72,000 available seats, with social-distancing guidelines. No other details have been released.AuburnJordan-Hare Stadium will be limited to 20% capacity, or about 17,490 of 87,451 available seats. For the season opener against Kentucky, all general seating tickets, excluding premium and family areas, will be reserved for students. Face coverings are required, and there will be no tailgating on campus.FloridaBen Hill Griffin Stadium will allow 20% capacity, or about 17,000 of 88,548 fans. There will be no tailgating allowed on campus, no Gator Walk for the players, no cheerleaders on the sidelines, no Gator Fan Fest. Also, the Gator Walk Village will not be set up, and all ticketing will be mobile. Face coverings must be worn throughout the game except when eating or drinking.GeorgiaSanford Stadium will allow 20% to 25% capacity, or about 18,550 to 23,180 fans. Face coverings will be required for entering, exiting and walking on the concourse of the stadium. Mobile ticketing will be used. No decision has been made on tailgating, which will be determined along state and local guidelines.KentuckyKentucky will permit 20% capacity at Kroger Field, or about 12,000 of 61,000 available seats. No more than 10 people will be allowed in premium suites. There will be no tailgating, and masks are required except when patrons are eating in their seats.LSUTiger Stadium holds 102,321, but LSU has not announced its plan. Associate athletics director Robert Munson said the university is working with public health officials to determine its approach.Mississippi StateMississippi State will be permitted 25% capacity at Davis Wade Stadium, or about 15,334 of 61,337 available seats, in accordance with an executive order issued by Gov. Tate Reeves. Social distancing of at least 6 feet will be required between all people who do not share a household. Face coverings will be required anytime fans are not in their seats. Club and suite areas will be governed by the same regulations as restaurants during the pandemic. Also, all pregame gatherings including tailgates, parties and rallies will be prohibited.MissouriMissouri plans to allow up to 25% capacity at Faurot Field, or as much as 15,530 15,655 of 62,125 62,621 available seats. The exact percentage has not been determined, but an announcement is expected this week. If Missouri’s local and state guidelines remain in place, it’s unlikely that tailgating would be permitted.Ole MissLike Mississippi State, Ole Miss will be permitted 25% capacity at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium, or about 16,010 of 64,038 available seats, in accordance with an executive order issued by Gov. Tate Reeves. Social distancing of at least 6 feet will be required between all people who do not share a household. Face coverings will be required anytime fans are not in their seats. Club and suite areas will be governed by the same regulations as restaurants during the pandemic. Also, all pregame gatherings including tailgates, parties and rallies will be prohibited.South CarolinaSouth Carolina will permit about 25% capacity in Williams-Brice Stadium, or about 20,000 of 80,250 seats available. Fans must wear face coverings and practice social distancing. Tailgating will be discouraged and tents prohibited. However, some private parking lots near the stadium are not controlled by the university.TennesseeNeyland Stadium will permit around 25% capacity, or about 25,614 of 102,455 available seats. UT will allocate tickets to season-ticket holders in a descending order based on their Tennessee Fund annual gift amount and donor rank order. Seats will be assigned to create at least a 6-foot buffer between ticket groups. UT does not plan to sell single-game tickets, aside from student tickets and any tickets distributed to the opposing team that are returned. There will be no on-campus tailgating organized by the university or student organizations. Details about individual fans’ ability to tailgate on campus have not been announced. The pregame Vol Walk and band march probably will not be held.TICKET AVAILABILITY:How Tennessee will allocate tickets for 2020 seasonTexas A&MKyle Field will have about 25% capacity, or about 27,000 of 110,000 available seats. However, an exact capacity will be determined based on the number of season-ticket holders and student pass-holders who choose to attend. Concessions will be cash-less. Fans will be removed from the stadium if they don’t strictly comply with face-covering rules.VanderbiltVanderbilt will allow players' family members and a limited number of graduate and professional students to attend the final two home games of the season against Florida and Tennessee. As many as 500 tickets also will be available to visiting teams for their players' family members, as required by the SEC, since Vanderbilt is permitting access to more than just its initial crowd of students. But no other fans and students will be allowed to attend Vanderbilt's remaining home games. Most undergraduate students will leave campus when in-person classes conclude Friday.Reach Adam Sparks at asparks@tennessean.com and on Twitter @AdamSparks. Robbie Andreu, Eric Blum, Josh Vitale, Blake Toppmeyer, Brett Hudson, Jason Jarrett, Nick Suss, Glenn Guilbeau, Tyler Horka, Jon Hale and Marc Weiszer contributed to this report. View Comments