https://www.smartwayreading.com/about-us/privacy-and-terms/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Statement
The trademark and copyright owners of the Sounds of English and Smart Way Reading programs, and their online derivative products, Sue Young and Scott D. Welch (the Intellectual Property or "IP Owners"), are individuals who have, for over 15 years, worked in the education products, services and consulting arenas. We respect individuals and organizations visiting our websites. This Privacy Statement is subject to change, and we encourage you to periodically review this statement.
This privacy statement covers the following websites:
www.smartwayreading.com  www.smartwayonline.info www.smart-web-learning.com
The IP Owners may request personal information including your name, organization, phone number, email, a password, shipping address, credit card and security number and expiration date.  As needed, this information may be used to: process your order, verify your identity for payment authorization, contact you regarding the status of your order, ship your order, send you our newsletter, generate anonymous statistics, and provide you with excellent Customer Service.
Once you enter your information onto any IP Owner website or provide such to an IP Owner, this information is transferred to your credit card company, if applicable, for the confirmation required to complete your purchase.  Your shipping information may also be supplied to a third party fulfillment center, but will not be used for any other purposes other than delivery of your purchase.  The IP Owners are the sole owner of this information.  Your name and address will not be sold or rented to any mailing-list or other marketing companies.
The IP Owners may request information from our customers via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely at your discretion.  Participants have the option of what personal information they choose to disclose.  The information will include questions regarding your use of the product, customer service experience, opinions on products and anything that can help us be of better service to you.
Corrections and Updates: If the personal information given to the IP Owners changes, please send us the corrected information.
Like most standard website servers we use log files.  This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Our sites utilize cookies in order to identify customers returning to our various websites, named above.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user.  In the case of our sites these cookies allow Bright Sky Learning to personalize content for users/members of the sites.
Legal Disclaimer
Bright Sky Learning endeavors to preserve user privacy.  It may be necessary to disclose personal information when required by law if deemed necessary to comply with a court order or legal process.
Some of our sites contain links to other non-affiliated websites.  Please be aware that the IP Owners are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
Terms of Use
1.  By using a site owned by the IP Owners you signify that you are in agreement with all of the terms and conditions listed herein.  If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this or any of our other sites.  We reserve the right to update these agreements at our discretion.  Please review these terms on a regular basis.  In addition, the use of our websites indicates that all parties agree to the venue and jurisdiction of the courts of the state of Florida to resolve any disputes that may arise.  By using this, or any IP Owner website, all parties agree to waive their rights to a trial by jury of any issues or disputes that may arise at any time.
2.  The IP Owners are not responsible for typographical errors.  Prices, if any are listed, are subject to change without prior notice.
3.  SmartWayReading.com, SmartWayOnline.info and Smart-Web-Learning.com are accessible worldwide to anyone with Internet access.  Access to, and use of, any of the websites is subject to the terms and conditions of this User Agreement and Copyright Notice and all applicable laws and regulations, including laws and regulations governing copyright and trademark.
BY ACCESSING ANY OF THE ABOVE LISTED WEBSITES YOU ACCEPT WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS USER AGREEMENT.
4.  The materials used and displayed on our websites, including but not limited to text, software, photographs, graphics, illustrations and artwork, video, music and sound, and names, logos, trademarks and service marks, are the property of Sue Young and Scott D. Welch or licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other U.S. and/or international laws.  Any such content may be displayed solely for your personal, non-commercial use.  You agree not to modify, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any such material without the express written permission of the IP Owners.
5.  Our websites contain information, facts and opinions from various individuals and organizations.  These are provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
6.  Use of any of our websites is at your own risk.  The IP Owners, agents, representatives or licensors shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or injury or any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or similar damages arising out of your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, the service and the sites and the information available on the service and the sites or arising out of any action taken in response to or as a result of any information available on the service and the sites.  You hereby waive any and all claims against the IP Owners and their representatives and licensors arising out of your use of the service and the sites and the information available thereon.
7.  Upon the request by an IP Owner you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sue Young and Scott D. Welch and their contractors and representatives from all liabilities, claims and expenses (including attorney’s fees) that result due to your misuse of these site.  The IP Owners reserve the right at their own expense to sole defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.  In this event, you are required to cooperate with the IP Owners in asserting any available defenses.
8.  Unless otherwise stated, this agreement is the agreement between you and the IP Owners with respect to our websites listed above and supersedes any and all previous communications concerning this agreement between you and the IP Owners that may have occurred at any time.
9.  The IP Owners reserve the right to terminate your access to all or part of any of their websites with or without notice at its own discretion.
10.  By purchasing materials through the IP Owners you agree to receive e-mails or hardcopy mail from them.   You may elect to not receive these by contacting us or opting out.