http://www.foreignborn.com/terms_of_use.htm
Search
Ask a Visa & Immigration Lawyer
Online Now
Type your specific visa or immigration question here...
letters left
OR... Find a Visa & Immigration Lawyer to Represent You -- Click Here »
A Service of       The National Association of Foreign-Born
Browse Our Guides:Visa & Immigration and Others »
USCIS Case Status  |  USCIS Forms
US Visa Wait Times  |  US Embassies
foreignborn.com >
Related Articles
Your Privacy Matters to Us
About Foreignborn.com
Contact Foreignborn.com
SEARCH
Share This Article:
About Foreignborn.com
Click for Overview | See Related Articles box for more topics »
Terms of Use
Foreignborn.com Terms of Use
THIS ARTICLE
Your use of this website indicates your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Use.
Welcome to foreignborn.com. Foreignborn.com and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to the following notices, terms, and conditions, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. In addition, when you use any particular foreignborn.com services, you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into this "Terms of Use".
NO RESALE OF SERVICE
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of this website, use of this website, or access to this website without the express written permission of foreignborn.com, but you may provide links to this website if an attribution is made.
THIS SITE IS NOT LEGAL ADVICE
The information provided is not legal advice and should not be interpreted as legal advice. This information is provided as an educational summary and may not be comprehensive, is subject to change, and may not apply to all individual circumstances. Any information received here should be confirmed with the appropriate government agencies or with an attorney, particularly as it relates to your individual circumstances.
YOUR REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT OBLIGATIONS
In consideration of your use of this website, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by registration forms (such information being the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or foreignborn.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, foreignborn.com has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of this website (or any portion thereof).
You will be responsible for all charges incurred while your user account is being used, if any, including payment for any goods or services, and all statements or materials, including liability for harm caused by such statements or materials. You may not transfer, sell, or otherwise assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any account and passwords you establish, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password(s) or account(s). You agree to (a) immediately notify foreignborn.com of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. Foreignborn.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the provisions of this paragraph.
PUBLIC CONTENT POSTED
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you, and not foreignborn.com, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email or otherwise transmit via this website. Foreignborn.com does not control the Content posted by users and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the site, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will foreignborn.com be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the site.
You agree to not use the Service to:
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harm minors in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a foreignborn.com official, forum or message board leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
interfere with or disrupt the website or servers or networks connected to the website, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the website;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another; or
collect or store personal data about other users.
You acknowledge that foreignborn.com does not pre-screen Content, but that foreignborn.com and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any Content that is available via the website. Without limiting the foregoing, Foreignborn.com and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by foreignborn.com or submitted to foreignborn.com, including without limitation information in foreignborn.com message boards, foreignborn.com clubs, and in all other parts of the website.
You acknowledge and agree that foreignborn.com may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of foreignborn.com, its users and the public.
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR INTERNATIONAL USE
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
INDEMNITY AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
This site is provided by foreignborn.com on an "as is" basis. We do not warrant that this site will meet your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that the results that may be obtained from the use of this site will be accurate or reliable, or that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through this site will meet your expectations. We are not responsible for the availability, content, or policies of other sites that may be linked to this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, foreignborn.com disclaims any warranties, express or implied, including without limitation, those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to this site or any information, content, materials, or products that are available or advertised or sold through this site. We do not make any representations, nor do we endorse the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other material or database displayed, uploaded or distributed in this site or available though links in this site. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions in this site. Although we intend to take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of viruses or other destructive materials to this site, we do not guarantee or warrant that this site or materials that may be downloaded from this site do not contain such destructive features. We are not liable for any damages or harm attributable to such features. If you rely on this site and any materials available through this site, you do so solely at your own risk.
You agree to indemnify and hold foreignborn.com, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post to or transmit through the website, your use of the site, your connection to the site, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another.
You expressly understand and agree that foreignborn.com shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if foreignborn.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the foreignborn.com website or services; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the website or services; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the website; or (v) any other matter relating to the foreignborn.com website or services.
USE AND STORAGE
You acknowledge that foreignborn.com may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the site, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the site, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the site, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the site, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on foreignborn.com's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the site in a given period of time. You agree that foreignborn.com has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the site. You acknowledge that foreignborn.com reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that foreignborn.com reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE
Foreignborn.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the site (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that foreignborn.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the site.
TERMINATION
You agree that foreignborn.com, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, and remove and discard any Content within the site, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if foreignborn.com believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the Terms of Use. Foreignborn.com may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the site, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the site under any provision of this Terms of Use may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that foreignborn.com may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the site. Further, you agree that foreignborn.com shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the site.
LINKS AND DEALINGS WITH
ADVERTISERS AND THIRD PARTIES
The website may provide,
or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions
of, advertisers and other third parties found on or through the website,
including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other
terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings,
are solely between you and such party. You agree that foreignborn.com shall not
be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the
result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such
advertisers or third parties on the website.
Because foreignborn.com
has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that
foreignborn.com is not responsible for the availability of such external sites
or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any
content, advertising, products, services, or other materials on or available
from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that
foreignborn.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for
any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use
of or reliance on any such content, goods, services, or sites available on or
through any such site or resource.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the property of foreignborn.com or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of foreignborn.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All individual articles, content and other elements comprising this site are also copyrighted works. All software used on this site is the property of foreignborn.com or its software suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. By posting content on this site, you give foreignborn.com the right to display such content on the site and its affiliated publications and to use such content for promotional and marketing purposes. Neither you nor any third party shall make use of the contents of this site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights, including copyright. You may not distribute any part of this site nor sell or offer it for sale. In addition, these files may not be used to construct any kind of database. You may not cause our site to be viewed in a setting that includes advertising or other materials that we have not expressly authorized to be displayed. The reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, or republication of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Foreignborn.com respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been utilized in a way may constitute copyright infringement, please notify us through our contact page.
TRADEMARKS
Foreignborn.com, National Association of Foreign-Born, NAFB, and their graphics, logos, and service names, are trademarks of foreignborn.com, Inc. in the United States and other countries. These trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not theirs, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or the public, or in any manner that disparages or discredits foreignborn.com or the National Association of Foreign-Born.
DISCUSSIONS AND COMMENTS
Foreignborn.com enables visitors to its site to chat and post messages. If you post messages or make comments on the site, you grant foreignborn.com and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such messages and comments throughout the world in any media. You also grant foreignborn.com and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit with any review or comment, if any, in connection with such review or comment.
GENERAL
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and foreignborn.com and govern your use of the site, superceding any prior agreements between you and foreignborn.com. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The Terms of Use and the relationship between you and foreignborn.com shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and foreignborn.com agree that venue for any action shall be in the appropriate State or federal court for the county of Arlington, Virginia. The failure of foreignborn.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Use remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the foreignborn.com website or services or Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
The section titles in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
VIOLATIONS
Please report any violations of the Terms of Use through our contact page.
Guides from Our Sponsors
Home   |   Terms of Use   |   Privacy   |   About   |   Link to Us   |   Advertise   |   Contact Us
Your use of this website indicates your agreement to be bound by our Terms of Use. The information provided in this site is not legal advice, is intended to provide basic understanding in summary form, may not be comprehensive, is subject to change, and may not apply to you. Your individual circumstances should be confirmed with the appropriate government agencies or an attorney.
Copyright © 2000-2018 Foreignborn.com, Inc. All rights reserved
A Service of  The National Association of Foreign-Born