https://www.cucanoe.co.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement – October 2020
Download as PDF
This statement explains how Cambridge University Canoe Club ("we", "us" and "our") handles and uses the personal data we collect about our members and our past, current and future supporters ("you" and "your").Developing a better understanding of our members and supporters allows us to keep in touch with you, in order to keep you apprised of our activities and developments, to provide services to you, and to identify ways in which you can support us, through donations or other forms of financial and non-financial support.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold.
Personal data that we hold
We may hold information relating to you from a number of sources. A significant proportion of the information we hold is that which you provide to us (for example, you may give us information by filling in forms on our website, or by corresponding with us by telephone, email or otherwise).
Our records can contain:
Your college
Your self-identified kayaking and swimming ability
Unique personal identifiers (e.g. student number)
Your contact details (and we update these whenever you let us know that they have changed)
Details of your interactions with us, including:
Your membership and achievements with us
Your attendance at our events
Details of an emergency contact
Personal data provided by you for a specific purpose (e.g. disability and dietary preferences for event management purposes)
Your communication preferences, to help us provide tailored and relevant communications
Your British Canoeing membership details and qualifications if you possess them
Any other canoeing/kayaking qualifications you may possess
We also record, where applicable, based on information which you provide to us and, in some cases, publicly available information and information from our partners (as listed below):
Financial information relating to you and your family, including:
Your history of donations made to us
Your ability and willingness to make donations, including our assessment of your income and whether particular donations or funding appeals may be of interest to you
Your philanthropy and other giving, including donations to other organisations and other support that you provide (e.g. details of volunteering roles)
We augment the data we hold with data from our partners (as listed below) and publicly available data.
We use targeted internet searches and may search the following websites (either directly or using search engines), where relevant in order to obtain and maintain the accuracy of the data listed above:
Public sources for individuals:
Sunday Times Rich List
Other rich lists, including Forbes Magazine's international rich lists
Property websites
The Queen's Honours Lists
National change of address services
LinkedIn, to check business details
Press sources, for negative press for due diligence purposes
How we use your data
Your data is used by us for a number of interdependent purposes in support of our events, alumni relations, supporter communications. and fundraising. These include:
Sending you emails (e.g. updates about our activities)
Conducting surveys, including research on when and whether particular donations or funding appeals may be of interest to you
Providing services
Sending your tailored proposals, appeals and requests for donations
Sending you details of volunteering opportunities
Inviting you to our events
Wealth analysis and research in order to improve our understanding of our members and supporters, inform our fundraising strategy and target our communications more effectively
Internal record keeping, including the management of any feedback or complaints
Administrative purposes (e.g. in order to process a donation you have made or to administer an event you have registered for or attended)
Before seeking or accepting major donations we are required to conduct due diligence, including reviewing publicly available personal data relating to the donor's criminal convictions and offences.
Communications to you may be sent by post, telephone or electronic means (principally by email), depending on the contact details we hold, the consent that you have provided, and the preferences expressed by you about the types of communications you wish to receive.
If you have concerns or queries about any of these purposes, or how we communicate with you, please contact us using the details listed below.
We may use automated or manual analyses to link data together to help us identify your potential for supporting us, to provide you with an improved experience, to send you communications which are relevant and timely, to identify volunteering opportunities or opportunities for providing support which may be of interest to you, and to avoid approaching you with opportunities which are not of interest. All of this enables us to raise more funds, sooner, and more cost-effectively, in support of our strategic objectives. We always seek to ensure that any opportunities we present are aligned with your interests, based on the research we conduct.
We will always respect a request by you to stop processing your personal data, and in addition your statutory rights are set out below.
When we share your data with others (our partners)
We share the above categories of data with the University and the Colleges to provide you with a coordinated approach. Any transmission of data to or from the University and Colleges is managed through agreed processes which comply with relevant data protection legislation. The University and each College has its own data protection statement and procedures.
Additionally, we share the above categories of data on a considered and confidential basis, where appropriate, with:
Third parties engaged by us to provide fundraising related services, such as:
Companies that provide us with data about alumni and supporters
Consultants advising us on individuals' capacity to donate
Other contractors providing services to you on our behalf or services to us
Selected companies who provide products and services that we endorse
British Canoeing during our yearly affiliation
How we protect your data
We ensure we have appropriate data sharing arrangements in place before sharing your personal data.
We do not sell your personal data to third parties under any circumstances.
We also facilitate communication between individual members, but in doing so we do not release personal contact details without prior permission.
Any transfers of your data overseas (outside of the European Economic Area), as set out above, are protected either by an 'adequacy decision' by the European Commission (declaring the recipient country as a 'safe' territory for personal data) or by standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission (which give obligations for the recipient to safeguard the data). Further information about the measures we use to protect data when being transferred internationally is available from us (via the contact details are set out below).
Your rights
You have the right to:
Ask us for access to, or rectification or erasure of your data
Restrict processing (pending correction or deletion)
Object to communications or direct marketing
Ask for the transfer of your data electronically to a third party (data portability)
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
Further information
The legal basis for processing your personal data for the interdependent purposes set out above is that it is necessary for the pursuit of our legitimate interests. We always handle your personal data securely and minimise its use, and there is no overriding prejudice to you by using your personal information for these purposes. In addition, there is no statutory or contractual requirement for you to provide us with any personal data.
The controller for your personal information is Cambridge University Canoe Club, and we can be contacted at secretary@cucanoe.co.uk.
Please contact us if you have any concerns or questions about the above information or you wish to ask us not to process your personal data for particular purposes. Where you have specific requests relating to how we manage your data, we will endeavour to resolve these, but please note that there may be circumstances where we cannot comply with specific requests.
We will retain data supporting your direct involvement in club activities for the duration of your membership or until you request us to do otherwise. We will retain data pertaining to your alumni relationship with the club indefinitely in support of your lifelong relationship with us or until you request us to do otherwise. We will publish any changes we make to this data protection statement and notify you by other communication channels where appropriate.
Where you exercise your right to erasure, we will continue to maintain a core set of personal data (name, membership details, and unique identification number) to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in future. We may also need to retain some financial records about you for statutory purposes (e.g. Gift Aid, anti-fraud and accounting matters).
For information on other CUCC policies, please see the CUCC Policies page.
Last updated/reviewed: October 2020 by Philip Erm