http://www.iedc.si/policy
MENU
Programs & Events
Study Programs
Doctor of Business Administration - DBA
PhD in Management
Executive MBA
For Individuals & Teams
Online Seminars
Executive Education Programs
Conferences
For Organizations
CUSTOM Made Programs
IEDC Events
All Events
Alumni Events
Information Events
Webinars
Program Finder
Helps you find a program that fits to your current education needs
Faculty & ResearchAbout IEDCAlumniNews
IEDC News
Recent News
IEDC in the Media
Press Releases
Blog
Home/ Policy
Search
Contact us
+386 4 5792500
Login
Programs & Events
Doctor of Business Administration - DBA
Executive PhD
Executive MBA
Online Seminars
Executive Education Courses
Conferences
Customized Programs for Companies
Events
Webinars
Faculty & Research
About IEDC
Alumni
News
Blog
Privacy Policy
The IEDC–Bled School of Management, with its
registered office at Prešernova cesta 33, 4260 Bled, Company Identification No:
1197843, VAT Identification No.: SI11537094, as data controller for the
IEDC-Bled School of Management and IEDC-Bled School of Management, Postgraduate
Studies provides you with this Notice to explain how we process and protect your
personal data.
We provide
this Notice to you at the commencement of our interaction through our website.
What processing is
covered by this Notice?
This
Notice applies to personal data processing of our clients, leads and visitors of
our website.
What information we collect about you
We
collect and process your personal data when you interact with us (for example, information that you provide us by filling in Application
forms for programmes and programme interests on paper or internet or by
corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise). The information you give
us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, employer
and position, your interests and prior attendance.
Each time you visit our website we automatically collect the following data:
Technical data,
including [the Internet protocol (IP)
address used to connect your computer to the Internet,], [browser type and
version,] [time zone setting,] [browser plug-in types and versions,] [operating
system and platform,] …;
Data about your
visit, including [the full Uniform
Resource Locators (URL),] [clickstream to, through and from our website
(including date and time),] [products you viewed or searched for,] [page
response times,] [download errors,] [length of visits to certain pages,] [page
interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs),] [methods
used to browse away from the page,].
How we use your personal data and under what legal basis
We process your personal data where we need to perform
a contract we have entered into with you; where we need to comply with a legal
obligation (for example, laws related to employment, accounting, auditing,
equal opportunities monitoring); where it is necessary for our legitimate interests
(or those of a third party) and your interests (for example, for the detection
and prevention of fraud or ensuring network and IT security) unless your
fundamental rights override those interests; where it is necessary to protect
your vital interests (or someone else’s vital interests); and/or where it is necessary
in the public interest or for official purposes.
We process your personal information for various
technical, administrative and operational reasons, such as to ensure that
content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To improve our website including its functionality. For administration of our website;
for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing,
research, statistical and survey purposes; and as part of our efforts to keep
our website safe and secure.
In
some cases, we will only process your personal data with your consent. In these
cases, we will separately ask for your clear consent when you provide your
personal data. You will be then able to withdraw your consent at any time via email
or post. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on
consent before its withdrawal.
Where
we request personal data to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then
provision of such personal data is mandatory. This means that if such personal
data are not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual
relationship, or to meet obligations imposed on us. In all other cases,
provision of personal data is optional and you are not obliged to provide them.
We
process your personal data also for the purpose of potential enforcement of our
rights or claims against you in the future. This processing is based on our
legitimate interest as we need to enforce our rights in potential disputes. We
will keep these personal data for the period necessary for the purpose of this
processing activity but not longer than a reasonable period after the expiry of
the applicable statutory limitation period.
How and to whom we disclose your personal data
We
do not sell your personal data to third parties.
Within Company,
only limited number of personnel has access to your personal data on a
need-to-know basis. Company's personnel are subject to confidentiality
obligation about personal data and measures taken for their protection. They
are only entitled to handle personal data upon Company's instructions and if
necessary in connection with their job responsibilities.
Personal
data will be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement bodies
if required by law or if required to enforce our rights including our terms of
use or for the protection of our legitimate interests (including legitimate
interests of third parties) in compliance with applicable laws.
Your personal
data may also be disclosed to third parties including:
Service providers that provide
administrative, professional and technical support to Company for IT, security
and business resources support.
Company
will also share personal data with external advisors (e.g., lawyers, accountants, auditors) if necessary.
Company
seeks to exercise appropriate due diligence in the selection of its third party
service providers, and require (by contract or otherwise) that such service
providers maintain adequate technical and organizational security measures to
safeguard personal data, and process the personal data only as instructed by Company.
Service providers will be entitled to use subcontractors and to transfer personal
data to such subcontractors when assisting the service provider in providing
the services to Company, subject to the service provider complying with the
same data protection obligations as the service providers.
Storage of your personal
data and transfers abroad
Your personal data which we collect is
stored within the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The data may be transferred
to, and stored at, a destination outside the EEA. If this occurs it will also
be processed by one of our third party suppliers. Personal data will only be transferred
outside the EEA where adequate protections are in place.
Your rights
You
may request us for a copy of your personal data and/or to correct it. In
certain circumstances, you have the right to require us to erase your personal
data or to transfer it to other organizations. You also have rights to object
to some processing of your personal data (for example, to the use of processing
for direct marketing purposes). Where we have asked for your consent to process
your personal data, you have the right to withdraw this consent. Where we
process your personal data because we have a legitimate interest in doing so
(as explained above), you also have a right to object to this. You also have
the right to restrict processing of your personal data in certain
circumstances.
These
rights may be limited in some situations; for example, where we can demonstrate
that we have legitimate grounds to process your personal data. You will need to
verify your identity and provide us with other details to help us to respond to
your request.
If
you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contacts mentioned
below. We hope that we can satisfy any queries that you may have about the way
we process your personal data. However, if you have unresolved concerns you
also have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authorities.
You can bring the complaint in the Member State where you reside, where you
work or where the alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
How long we keep your personal data and data security
We retain your personal
data for no longer than is necessary to carry out the purposes listed in this
Notice and/or as required by applicable law and/or as required to enforce our
legitimate rights (and the legitimate rights of others). We can process any of
your personal data which has been anonymized without further notice to you.
Where
we process your personal data based on your consent, such personal data will
only be processed for the period granted by your consent unless you withdraw or
limit your consent prior to expiration of such period. In such cases, we will
stop processing the affected personal data for relevant purposes, subject to
any legal obligation to process such personal data and/or our need to process
such personal data for the purpose of enforcing our legitimate rights
(including the legitimate rights of others).
We
store
your data on our secure servers inside the organization and in the cloud of our
service providers where adequate
protections are in place.
The
transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure. Although we
will do our best to protect your data we cannot guarantee the security of your
data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we
have received your data, we will use strict procedures and security features to
try to prevent unauthorized access.
Cookies and Social Media Widgets
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other
users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when
you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. This
processing is based on your consent expressed on our website or through
settings in your browser. For
detailed information on the cookies we use, how long we use them and the
purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Contact
If
you have any questions or concerns about processing of your personal data, or
if you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us by phone at +386
(0)4 57 92 500, by e-mail at privacy@iedc.si.
***
Last update: May 2018
Company
may update this Notice from time to time. Changes will be posted on our
website. Please review this Notice periodically for any changes.
Accreditations of the School