http://www.sunydutchess.edu/privacypolicy/index.html
Home
>
Privacy Policy
In This Section
Home
>
Privacy Policy
About DCC
Contact Us/Hours
Mission & Vision
Governance
History
Our Campus
Fast Facts
Visit
Annual Report
Safety & Security
Consumer Information
Diversity at DCC
Institutional Research
Institutional Effectiveness
Accreditation
Human Resources
DCC Live Events
Day Care/Lab Nursery School
Academics
Academic Programs
Catalog
Academic Departments
Academic Calendar
Registrar's Office
Academic Enrichment
Academic Support
Library
Accommodative Services
Academic Policies
Microcredentials
Non-Credit Certification Programs
Admissions
Apply Now
Get Started
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid & Scholarships
How to Pay
Student Life
Student Activities
Student Events Calendar
Athletics
Bookstore
Campus Dining
Health Services
DCC CARES
Campus Housing
Around Town
DCC News
'The Vagina Monologues' to be Staged Feb. 11
'The Wedding Singer' to be Staged Nov. 12-15
Award-Winning Film About Undocumented Youth to Screen at DCC
Board of Trustees Chair Earns Leadership Award
Business Person of the Year Luncheon Honors Car Dealership Owner
Chamber Music Workshop Offered at DCC
College Fair Coming Oct. 13
College to go Tobacco-Free in May 2016
DCC Events to Celebrate Black History Month
DCC Hosting Hudson Valley LEGO League Championship
DCC Joins National Student Success Initiative
DCC Music School Faculty to Perform in Benefit Recital
DCC Offers New Incoming-Student Scholarships
DCC to Host Saxophone Orchestra Concert
Foundation Craft Fair Coming Thanksgiving Weekend
Foundation Gala Honors Four, Raises Funds for Student Scholarships
Foundation Golf Tournament Set for May 23
Four DCC Students Earn SUNY Chancellor's Awards
Job Fair Coming April 13
Learn About Day Care Credential Prep Course May 17
Legislature Chairman Borchert Appointed to Board of Trustees
Math and Science Matter Program Registration Opens
Music Faculty Members to Perform Sept. 28
Music, Lectures and Dance to Highlight Hispanic Heritage Month Celebration
Open House Set for May 7
Open House Set for Oct. 24
Open House for Adults Set for June 28
Open House for Prospective Students Set for April 6
President's Breakfast Highlights Refreshed Mission, Student Success
Rio Jazz to Perform at DCC
Student Artwork Featured in Gallery Exhibit
Student-Created Prints to be Displayed in Art Gallery
Students, Faculty and Staff Assist in Coat Drive
Thirty Students Receive Awards from DCC Teachers Union
Trustee Hugo Re-Appointed to Board
Privacy Policy
At www.sunydutchess.edu, we are
committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for
individuals and businesses to interact with us. We recognize that it is critical
for individuals and businesses to be confident that their privacy is protected
when they visit www.sunydutchess.edu.
You can travel through most of www.sunydutchess.edu without giving us
any information about yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide
services that you request, and this commitment of privacy explains our online
information practices.
Dutchess Community College does not collect any personal information about
you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail,
completing an online request for information form, or completing online
applications.
This policy is consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and
Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection
Law.
Information Collected Automatically When You Visit www.sunydutchess.edu
When visiting www.sunydutchess.edu, Dutchess Community
College automatically collects and stores the following information about your
visit:
The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed our
Web site
The type of browser, its version and the operating system on
which that browser is running
The Web page from which the user accessed the current Web page
The date and time of the user's request
The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each
page
None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute personal
information by the Internet Privacy and Security Act. The information that is
collected automatically is used to improve www.sunydutchess.edu content and to help
Dutchess Community College understand how users are interacting with its Web
site. This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine
what information is of most and least interest to our users. The information is
not collected for commercial marketing purposes and Dutchess Community College
is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from
www.sunydutchess.edu for commercial
marketing purposes.
Information Collected When You E-mail www.sunydutchess.edu or Complete a
Transaction
During your visit to www.sunydutchess.edu you may complete a
transaction such as an online application or a request for information form. The
information collected by Dutchess Community College, including personal
information volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by
Dutchess Community College and may be disclosed by Dutchess Community College
for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms
of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
www.sunydutchess.edu does not
knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or
create profiles of children under the age of 13. Users are cautioned, however,
that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail will be
treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from
access by federal or State law, be subject to public access.
Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Web
site
The collection of information through www.sunydutchess.edu and the disclosure
of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and
Privacy Act. Dutchess Community College will only collect personal information
through www.sunydutchess.edu or
disclose personal information collected through www.sunydutchess.edu if the user has
consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The
voluntary disclosure of personal information to Dutchess Community College by
the user, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the
information by Dutchess Community College for the purposes for which the user
disclosed the information to Dutchess Community College.
However, Dutchess Community College may collect or disclose personal
information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to
perform the statutory duties of Dutchess Community College, or necessary for
Dutchess Community College to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized
by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or
by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of
information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that
cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information,
collected through www.sunydutchess.edu is subject to the
provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection
Law.
www.sunydutchess.edu may disclose
personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce
its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to
Dutchess Community College’s information technology assets.
Retention of Information Collected Through this Web site
The information collected through www.sunydutchess.edu is retained by
Dutchess Community College in accordance with the records retention and
disposition requirements of the New York State Arts & Cultural Affairs Law.
Information on the requirements of the Arts & Cultural Affairs Law may be
found at http://www.archives.nysed.gov/services/recmgmt.htm. In general, the
Internet services logs of Dutchess Community College, comprising electronic
files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of Agency services
provided through www.sunydutchess.edu, are retained for
21 business days and then destroyed. Information concerning these records
retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy
policy contact listed in this policy.
Access to and Correction of Personal Information Collected Through www.sunydutchess.edu
Any user may submit a request to Dutchess Community College's privacy
compliance officer to determine whether personal information pertaining to that
user has been collected through www.sunydutchess.edu . Any such request
shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity
of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a
signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or
similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance
officer is:
Privacy OfficerDirector of Computer Information SystemsDutchess
Community College53 Pendell Road, Poughkeepsie, New York 12601
The privacy compliance officer shall, within five (5) business days of the
receipt of a proper request, provide access to the personal information; deny
access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt
of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be
granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the
date of the acknowledgment.
In the event that Dutchess Community College has collected personal
information pertaining to a user through www.sunydutchess.edu and that
information is to be provided to the user pursuant to the user’s request, the
privacy compliance officer shall inform the user of his or her right to request
that the personal information be amended or corrected under the procedures set
forth in section 95 of the Public Officers Law.
Confidentiality and Integrity of Personal Information Collected
Through www.sunydutchess.edu
www.sunydutchess.edu is strongly
committed to protecting personal information collected through www.sunydutchess.edu against
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, Dutchess Community College
limits employee access to personal information collected through www.sunydutchess.edu to only those
employees who need access to the information in the performance of their
official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow
appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal
information.
In addition, Dutchess Community College has implemented procedures to
safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not
limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption.
These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation,
and day-to-day operations of www.sunydutchess.edu as part of our
continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the
electronic transmission of information.
For Web site security purposes and to maintain the availability of www.sunydutchess.edu for all users,
Dutchess Community College employs software to monitor traffic to identify
unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage www.sunydutchess.edu.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the user's browser
on the hard drive of your computer. The Web E-Mail interface, Blackboard on-line
learning environment, and the Library's on-line catalog use temporary cookies
for session identification. Cookies are also used to provide statistical
analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our
users.
Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as
giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the
security of information provided through www.sunydutchess.edu.
Contact Information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact our
privacy officer via e-mail at webmaster@sunydutchess.edu or by
regular mail at:
Privacy OfficerDirector of Computer Information SystemsDutchess
Community College53 Pendell Road, Poughkeepsie, New York
12601
©