http://www.cegep-heritage.qc.ca/privacy-policy
Cégep Heritage College
The Cégep Heritage College website and all its contents are protected by intellectual property or proprietary rights. You may use the web site and content for your personal, noncommercial purposes only. Cégep Heritage College makes its website available as a source of information only. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy. Use of this site is at the discretion of the user. Cégep Heritage College cannot be held responsible for any outcomes resulting in the use of this web site.The Cégep Heritage College website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of those external sites, or their use of information. Online privacy and protection of personal information are very important. At Cégep Heritage College Your information is protected both online and offline. We access information that you provide when you fill online forms on our website, or when you send us an email.  Cégep Heritage College does not share this information with any external parties without your consent. We will use your information to reply to your questions or to provide information you are seeking.  The Cégep Heritage College website like many others, uses Google Analytics to track user behaviour on cegep-heritage.qc.ca for the sole purpose of improving your experience on our website. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google collects, organizes, and provides visualizations of anonymized data gathered during a user’s browsing session. Data may include navigation patterns (including links clicked and pages visited), region of origin (based on IP), traffic source (ex. referrals), language preference, browser type, and screen size. We use cookies and tracking pixels on our website. A cookie is a short text stored on your computer’s hard drive that will help improve your access to our site. Tracking pixels enable us to track website visits, digital ad impressions, and other types of activity on the web for the sole purpose of improving your website experience.Cégep Heritage College reserves the right to make changes without prior notice.  For comments regarding the Cégep Heritage College website please write to our webmaster .