https://www.dudesolutions.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
DUDE SOLUTIONS, INC
Last modified: December 9, 2020
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Policy. This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.dudesolutions.com/ (including any successor URL, sub-domain and/or any syndication of the foregoing, collectively, our “Platform”) and/or subscribe to and use any of our SaaS-based applications (our “Applications” and, together with our Platform), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This Policy applies to any information that we collect on our Platform, including any information in any e-mails, posts, texts and other electronic messages between you and our Platform and any information about you transferred to our Platform from other websites. This Policy does not apply to any information that we collect by any other means, including offline collection.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you can choose not to use our Platform. By accessing or using our Platform, you agree to this privacy policy. This Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our Platform after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Platform, including information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number. In addition, if we sell any goods or services on our Platform, we may collect information required for the payment of goods or services, including credit card numbers, security codes and other financial information. All of this information is cumulatively referred to in this Policy as “Personal Information”.
The Personal Information we collect on or through our Platform may include information that you provide by registering to use our Platform, using our services, posting material, requesting further services or reporting a problem with our Platform. We will also retain records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
As you navigate through and interact with our Platform, we may automatically collect certain traffic data and usage information to help us manage our content and improve your use of our Platform. This may include information about your equipment, your IP address and your browsing actions and patterns when you visit our Platform, including the referring and exit pages. The technologies that we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies that are stored on your computer, small embedded electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) and other embedded code on our Platform that permit us to count users and obtain other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We may obtain Personal Information and other data from integrated third party applications, programs and/or devices that you may elect to use in connection with our Platform (“Programs”). You should review the third party privacy policies applicable to information transferred to us from Programs, since they may allow different or broader uses of that information than would be permitted by our privacy policy.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, to (i) present our Platform and its contents to you, (ii) provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or that we otherwise feel may be of interest to you, (iii) facilitate customer feedback in an effort to improve the performance of our company, including via customer satisfaction surveys performed by us or one of our third-party designees, (iv) provide you with the most personalized web experience possible, (v) evaluate and optimize the performance of our Platform, products and services, and (vi) fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information. If you purchase products or services, we may transmit your Personal Information to payment processors. We may also use your Personal Information to notify you about changes to our Platform or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection. We may also use the information that you provide in any other way that we describe when you provide the information and for any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not sell your Personal Information. We may convert or combine some Personal Information of users into de-identified or aggregated data that does not disclose any of the Personal Information of any individual user. We may use and disclose any such de-identified or aggregated data without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information to our subsidiaries and affiliates and to any contractors, service providers and other third parties who need to know such information to support our permitted uses of Personal Information. We may disclose such Personal Information to a buyer or other successor to our business in the event of a sale of equity or assets, reorganization, merger or a similar corporate transaction.
Some of the information that we collect from cookies, web beacons or other embedded code relates to your personal use of our Platform and allows us to store information about your preferences, speed up your searches and recognize you when you return to our Platform. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Policy, this information is not shared with third parties. Other information that we collect from cookies, web beacons or other embedded code is not tied to your Personal Information and enables us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns. This traffic data may be shared with third parties without restriction.
We may also disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose disclosed when the information is provided, and for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request and to enforce or apply our online subscription agreement, terms of use or terms of sale, including for billing and collection purposes, or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Social Media Sites and Widgets
If you log onto our Platform through Facebook or a similar social media site, certain information about you will be transferred to our Platform, and the fact that you have logged onto our Platform and some of that transferred information may be available to other users of the social media site. That information may be subject to the privacy policies of any such social media site and you should review those policies before using a social media site to log onto the Platform. Any such transferred information will otherwise be subject to the terms of this Policy.
You may be able to use social media widgets such as the Facebook Like button on our Platform. These widgets will collect your IP address and identify which page you are visiting on our Platform, and make your preference information available to third parties. The information collected by such widgets is controlled by third party privacy policies.
Tracking
Tracking involves the use of cookies, web beacons or other embedded code or tracking technologies to collect, analyze and store information on a user’s behavior over time on multiple sites, including information on the sites visited, products viewed, products purchased and other online interactions. Tracking information can be used to enable companies to make interested-based (behavioral) advertising available to users on multiple sites that they visit.
We do collect Personal Information about your on-line activities over time and across third party sites for tracking purposes. We do not allow third parties to collect Personal Information on the Platform that could be used by them to analyze and store information about your on-line activities over time and across third party sites for tracking purposes.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
You have certain choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of our Platform may then be inaccessible or not function properly.If you do not wish to have your Personal Information used by us to promote our own or third parties' products or services, or if you do not want us to share your Personal Information with third parties for promotional or direct marketing purposes, such as delivering advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to notice@dudesolutions.com. For this opt-out to function, you must have your browser set to accept browser cookies. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act provides California residents with additional rights. A California resident has the right to know and request the data we collect about you, the categories of personal information collected, the business purpose for collecting the information, whether we share the categories with third parties and the specific pieces of personal information we may have collected about you.
Additionally, a California resident has the right to request that we delete all the personal information collected, unless the information is necessary for us to complete a transaction, provide you with a service, perform a contract, protect your security, fix our Platform, comply with other ethical or privacy laws, comply with a legal obligation or make lawful use of the information within the context under which the information was provided to us. If you are a California resident, you may obtain certain information regarding our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes at no cost once each year. To make such a request or to request access or deletion of your personal information, please send an e-mail to notice@dudesolutions.com or call the toll free number below [1-877-655-3833].
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your Personal Information by logging into our Platform and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an e-mail at notice@dudesolutions.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your Personal Information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Schools Receiving Funds from the U.S. Department of Education
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student education records. FERPA gives parents certain rights with respect to their children's education records, which transfer to the student when he/she reaches the age of 18 or attends a school beyond the high school level. Any academic institution that is subject to FERPA must assess for themselves whether and how its use of a cloud service affects its ability to comply with FERPA requirements. Dude Solutions commits to 1) using Customer data only to provide organizations with our cloud services and does not mine Customer data for advertising, 2) not disclose Customer data except as the educational institution directs, as described in the contract, or as required by law and 3) not require sensitive student information or student educational records to support any application functionality or feature. Dude Solutions advises educational institutions against sharing education record information in this Platform, including first and last names, because inclusion has no relevance. Further, an assigned student identification numbers shall afford the same usability of this Platform.
Children Under the Age of 13
Websites and/or online applications and services that are collecting information from children under the age of 13 are required to comply with Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Our Platform is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and no one under age 13 may provide any information to this Platform. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Platform, make any purchases through this Platform, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Platform or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at notice@dudesolutions.com.
Users Outside of the United States
Our Platform is hosted in the United States and our services are provided from the United States. It is possible that certain information will be stored on servers in multiple other countries on the "cloud" or other similar distributed hosting platforms. If you are a user accessing our Platform or services from the European Union, Asia or any other region with laws governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside your home jurisdiction, and that by providing your Personal Information you are consenting to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States and other jurisdictions as indicated above, and to our use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
Data Security
We have developed and implemented a security assurance program using privacy and data protection best practices to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information that you provide to us is stored in secure environments include servers, network and data components protected by firewalls and logical access controls. In accordance with generally accepted standards, we hold Personal Information confidential and in compliance with applicable federal and state laws, regulations and our Policies.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. When we have given you (or when you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Platform, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. You are responsible for compliance with our privacy and security recommendations. We are not responsible for your circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Platform.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not completely secure. Although we have implemented security measures that we think are adequate, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to our Platform. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Platform.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We post all changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Platform and this privacy policy to check for any changes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are committed to security and the protection of your Personal Information and we will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your Personal Information collected in the past without your consent.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Dude Solutions, Inc.
11000 Regency Parkway, Suite 400
Cary, North Carolina 27518
or via our toll-free number: [1-877-655-3833]
Solution Suites Education SuiteGovernment SuiteHealthcare SuiteSenior Living SuiteManufacturing SuiteClubs & Associations SuiteOther Industries Suite
Dude Platform Data IntelligenceTechnology & Security
Products Asset EssentialsCapital PredictorEnergy ManagerEvent ManagerTechnology EssentialsSmartGovHealthcare MaintenanceHealthcare ComplianceBioMedSenior Living MaintenanceSenior Living ComplianceHousekeepingQuality Inspections
Expertise EducationGovernmentHealthcareSenior LivingManufacturingClubs & AssociationsOther Industries
Service Client ServiceImplementationProfessional Services
Resources LibrarySuccess StoriesWebinarsPodcastBlogDude University
Company AboutCultureLeadershipPartnership RequestNewsCareers
Start owning your operations.
Schedule Demo
11000 Regency Parkway
Suite 400
Cary, NC 27518
Sales: 866.455.3833
Support: 877.655.3833
Contact
Help Site
Login
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© Dude Solutions Inc.