http://www.arapahoe.edu/workforce-community-programs/policies
Skip to main content
Search
Breadcrumb
ACC
Workforce & Community Programs
Policies
Section Navigation
Workforce & Community Programs
Career Forward
Skill Advance Colorado
Workforce and Community Programs Registration
Policies
Workforce and Community Programs Instructors
Policies
Learn about policies for Workforce & Community Programs courses at Arapahoe Community College.
Enrollment Requirements
If you are 18 years of age or older, you may enroll in Workforce & Community Program courses. High school graduation is not necessary. Students 16 or 17 years of age may enroll in some courses with permission of the instructor which must be received prior to the start of a class. Any other exceptions are noted in the course description. Refer to offerings in the Youth Programs section of the schedule if you are younger than 16 years of age.
Registration Confirmation and Course Changes
Assume you are enrolled in a course for which you register unless you hear from us. Confirmations are not sent. Mark your calendars with course days, dates, times and places. You will be called if there is a change in your course.
Course Cancellation Notification
Sometimes we may need to cancel a course due to insufficient enrollment. You will be called if a cancellation occurs. Remember to register early to help us avoid cancelling a class.
Course Drops and Refunds
To drop a course which meets a minimum of three sessions and receive a refund, call the Workforce & Community Programs Office, 303.797.5722 the day following the first session, except for computer courses which must be dropped 24 hours prior to scheduled date. No refunds will be made after that time.
To drop a course which meets two sessions or less and receive a refund, call the Workforce & Community Programs Office, 303.797.5722 no later than 24 hours prior to the scheduled date. No refunds will be made after the course has been held.
Some courses have special refund policies. That information is included with the course description
You will receive a 100% refund for any class which is cancelled.
If you paid by credit card/charge, you are eligible for a refund back to the original card provided the card is still valid and the payment is not over 184 days old.
If you paid by check or cash, refunds will be sent in the form of a check form the State of Colorado. Refunds are sent to the person who is registered for the course, which may differ from the person who paid for the course, unless other arrangements are made. Do not stop a payment.
Code of Conduct
Students enrolled in non-credit classes are subject to provisions and policies of Arapahoe Community College as outlined in the ACC Student Handbook.
Accommodation
Reasonable accommodation will be provided upon request if you have a disability. Please notify the Workforce & Community Programs, 303.797.5722, a minimum of 30 days prior to the starting date of the course. Further information and forms are available through the Disability Access Services office.
Weather Closure
Courses held at the public schools will follow public school closing information. Courses at other locations will follow the college’s closing schedule. Call the snow hotline at 303.797.4222 for information. Additionally, visit the ACC web site for further details and/or listen to local radio and television stations.
Self-Supporting Program
Workforce & Community Programs at ACC receives no state tax monies. It is totally self-supported by your enrollment fees.
Drug and Alcohol Prevention Program
Information and policies are available on the website and in the ACC Student Affairs Office, Room M2820. ACC supports the efforts of local, state and federal governments in promoting a drug free America, pursuant to Public Law 101
Equal Opportunity
Board Policy (BP) 19-60 provides that individuals affiliated with CCCS shall not discriminate or harass on the basis of sex, gender, race, color, age, creed, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, familial status, veteran or military status, pregnancy status, religion, genetic information, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other protected class or category under applicable local, state or federal law (also known as “civil rights laws”), in connection with employment practices or educational programs and activities (including in admissions). BP 19-60 further provides that individuals affiliated with CCCS shall not retaliate against any person who opposes discrimination, harassment or retaliation, or participates in any complaint or investigation process.
Arapahoe Community College will take appropriate steps to ensure that the lack of English language skills will not be a barrier to admission and participation in vocational education programs.
Filing a Complaint
Any person who believes they have been subjected to a civil rights violation should follow System Procedure (SP) 19-60 report their concerns. CCCS/ACC will act on any complaint brought to the attention of the Title IX/EO Coordinator or Deputy Coordinator that is made under this procedure.
Internal Reporting
The College has designated Angela Johnson, Director of Human Resources, as its Affirmative Action Officer, Equal Opportunity Coordinator, and Title IX Coordinator, with the responsibility to coordinate its civil rights compliance activities and grievance procedures. Contact information: angela [dot] johnson [at] arapahoe [dot] edu or 303.797.5715. The College has also designated Jennifer Husum, Associate Dean of Students for Equity and Compliance, as its Deputy Affirmative Action Officer, Deputy Equal Opportunity Coordinator, and Deputy Title IX Coordinator, with the responsibility to coordinate its civil rights compliance activities and grievance procedures. Contact information: jennifer [dot] husum [at] arapahoe [dot] edu or 303.797.5674.
Outside Reporting
In addition to reporting to CCCS/ACC, any person has the right to file a police report. Complainants requiring assistance with this should contact the Title IX/EO Coordinator. Student Complainants also have the right to make inquiries and/or file a complaint with:
Office for Civil Rights (OCR)
U.S. Department of Education
Cesar E. Chavez Memorial Building
1244 Speer Boulevard, Suite 310
Denver, CO 80204-3582
Telephone: 303.844.5695
Facsimile: 303.844.4303
Email: ocr [dot] denver [at] ed [dot] gov
Web: http://www.ed.gov/ocr
Employee Complainants also have the right to make inquiries and/or file a complaint with:
Colorado Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA)
Colorado Civil Rights Division (CCRD)
1560 Broadway
Suite 825
Denver, CO 80202
Telephone: 303.894.2997
Facsimile: 303.8947570
Email: dora_CCRD [at] state [dot] co [dot] us
Web: https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/dora/civil-rights
Or
United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)
303 E. 17th Avenue
Suite 410
Denver, CO 80203
Telephone: 800.669.4000
Facsimile: 303.866.1085
Web: https://www.eeoc.gov/field-office/denver/location
Family Education Rights and Privacy Act
ACC complies fully with FERPA, which affords students certain rights with respect to their education records, including protecting the privacy of, and insuring the right to inspect and review, the records. More information is available in the Office of Admissions & Records, Room M2470.
Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act
The Clery Act report is available on the ACC Web site or in the Campus Police Office, Room M2600. A list of sexual offenders in the area can be obtained through the Littleton Police Department.
Contact
Workforce & Community Programs
5900 S. Santa Fe Drive
Littleton, CO 80160-9002
303.797.5722 phone
303.797.2647 fax
acc [dot] wcp [at] arapahoe [dot] edu
Monday – Friday
8am – 5pm
@ArapahoeCC
Have you recently lost your job due to COVID-19? ACC can help! Our Career Forward program provides tuition assistance and student support. Learn more: https://t.co/KWrlj0hu5g https://t.co/WrIDeO2eFQ