http://www.semo.edu/privacy.html
COVID-19 Information
See the latest updates and information regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, including
a list of University contact information at semo.edu/covid19.
Pin resources bar to screen
Majors
Calendar
Campus Map
River Campus
Faculty & Staff
People Search
Kent Library
Moodle
MySoutheast
About
Regional Campuses
Southeast Online
En Español
Southeast Missouri State University
ApplyVisitGive
A-Z IndexResources
Southeast Missouri State University
Academics
Majors and Minors
Study Abroad
Career Services
Honors Program
College of Arts and Media
College of Business and Computing
College of Education, Health and Human Studies
College of Humanities and Social Sciences
College of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics
Extended Studies
Admissions
Freshmen
Transfer
Graduate
International
Military & Veterans
Current Students
Moodle Login
Academic Calendar
Departmental Listing
Financial Services
Residence Life
Career Services
Alumni & Friends
Employment
Alumni Events
Information Update
Foundation
Spotlight Form
Athletics
Privacy Policy
This statement pertains exclusively to the collection of personal information on official
university websites. The official university website uses the domain name "semo.edu"
and is controlled, operated, and maintained by university personnel in connection
with university business. However, all uses of university computing resources are
subject to the Information Technology And Network Systems Acceptable Use Policy and Procedures.
Collection of Personal Information
Generally, the university does not automatically collect the identity of individual
users of or visitors to official university websites. If you are asked to provide personal information on an official university website,
university policy provides that you should be notified of the following:
The purpose for which the personal information is collected;
Any specific consequences for refusing to provide the information;
Your right to inspect, amend, or correct personal records, if any;
Whether the personal information is generally available for public inspection; and
Whether the personal information is made available or transferred to or shared with
any entity.
Unless otherwise notified by the collecting office, information provided to the university
may be shared among offices within the university and outside entities as necessary
or appropriate in the conduct of legitimate university business and consistent with
applicable law. Because the university is a State educational institution, such information
may also be subject to disclosure under the Missouri Sunshine Law. Individuals may inspect and/or correct their personal information as provided by
the Public Records Act or applicable university policy. The university is also subject
to the disclosure requirements of the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.Moreover, personal information you disclose to others via message boards, chat rooms
and social media may be collected and used by others who are not under the control
of the university.
The university collects information that is available from server logs about user
Internet connections and visits to university websites. The university may use this
information to analyze trends, create summary statistics for the purpose of determining
technical design specifications, and identify system performance or problem areas.
An example of information collected by servers include Internet Protocol (IP) addresses - a number that is assigned to your computer when you log on and that is automatically
identified when a computer connects to a server. An IP address identifies the computer,
not the computer user. University servers may log and track an IP address upon log-in
and as the user moves from Web page to Web page within university websites. The university
does not normally link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, so that
the identity of users remains anonymous to the university but not, for example, the
time users log on, log off and how long they visit any one site. The university uses
IP addresses to identify a user when necessary to enforce compliance with law or university
policies, for purposes of system administration, and to ascertain demographics and
visitor usability.
Some university web pages may utilize "cookies" to better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our site. Cookies
are identifiers that a website can send to user browsers to keep on file in order
to facilitate future visits to that site. Some university web pages may use cookies
to provide users with more tailored information when they return to those web pages.
Users can set their browsers to receive notification when a website sends them a cookie
so users may accept or reject it. Note that some parts of a university web page that
offers cookies may not function properly or may be considerably slower when users
reject cookies.
Data Security
The university will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with
us from unauthorized access or disclosure. The university strives to implement security
measures that protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our
control.
Not all transmissions to and from official university websites are secure: the website
may not encrypt or decrypt data sent to or from the website. In addition, emails that
you send to a university address may be subject to interception. If your communication
includes personal information that you do not wish to provide electronically, contact
the university by postal mail or telephone.
Linking to Other Sites
Some official university websites link to websites that are outside the "semo.edu"
domain and are controlled and operated by third parties. The university is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such third party websites.
Changes to Privacy Statement
Advances in technology, legal developments, and new university policies and practices
may necessitate the need to change or update this privacy statement from time to time.
We reserve the right to change this policy without notice. It is the responsibility
of the user to check this page for any changes to this policy.
Southeast Missouri State UniversityOne University PlazaCape Girardeau, MO 63701(573) 651-2000Contact Us Last Updated
University Information
Website Index
Accreditation
Campus News
University Calendar
People Search
Consumer Information
Careers at Southeast
Nondiscrimination Policy
Privacy Policy
Campus Links
Kent Library
Show Me Center
River Campus Events
Redhawks Athletics
University Foundation
Alumni Association
Link to SEMO Facebook
Link to SEMO Twitter
Link to SEMO Instagram
Link to SEMO LinkedIn
Link to SEMO Vimeo
Link to SEMO YouTube
Link to SEMO Blog
© Copyright 2020 Southeast Missouri State University. All rights reserved.
Nondiscrimination Policy
Site Search
APPLY
VISIT
GIVE
About
Admissions
Current Students
Alumni & Friends
A-Z Index
En Español
Areas of Study
Regional Campuses
Southeast Online
Academics
Calendar
Campus Map
Athletics
River Campus
Faculty & Staff
People Search
Kent Library
Moodle
MySoutheast
Last Updated: 3/7/18