http://www.bfcc.org/privacy_policy.html
BCC Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We
collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site
unless youchoose to provide this information to us. However, we collect
and store certain electronic information automatically. Here is how we
handle information about your visit to ourWeb site.
What We Collect and Store Automatically:
If
you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read
pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain
information about your visit automatically. This information does not
identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the
following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to our Web site from another Web site, the address of that Web site.
We
use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors
to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more
useful to visitors like you.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
It is the express intention of Blackfeet Community College not to collect any personal information from children on this Web
site.  No online activities or resources on this site request any
information from children.  Any email received from a child will not be
published in any way.
If You Send Us Email:
You
may choose to provide us with personal information, as in email with a
comment or question. We use the information to improve our service to
you or to respond to your request. Sometimes we forward your email to
other employees or associates who may be better able to help you.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share
our email with any other outside organizations.
Links to Other Sites
Our
Web site has many links to our partners, and related sites. When you
link to another site, you become subject to the privacy policy of the
new site.
DISCLAIMER AND LIABILITY NOTICE
This Web site and the information it contains are provided as a service by Blackfeet Community College.
This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the
functioning of applicable security features, and for comparable
purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such
monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on
this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize
this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may
result in criminal prosecution.
Restriction of Liability:
Blackfeet Community College makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy,
completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this Web site and
expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents
of this Web site. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or
statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of
non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given with
respect to the contents of this Web site or its hyperlinks to other
Internet resources. Reference in this Web site to any specific
products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or
corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public,
and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by Blackfeet Community College.
OWNERSHIP
Information
presented on this Web site, unless otherwise indicated, is protected by
United States Copyright Law. All material on this Web site is the
express property of the Blackfeet Community College
, Browning, MT, USA. The intention of this site is to promote the use and legal purchase of Blackfeet Community College materials and services. Use of materials on this Web site beyond that
intended purpose is limited to the provisions of Fair Use under U.S.
copyright law. No other use is permitted. If you wish to use any
material on this Web site for other than the express use noted above,
you must seek permission directly from Blackfeet Community College. For information involving possible copyright infringement by this sight please contact Sam Thornton directly at info@bfcc.org.
Blackfeet Community College shall have the unlimited right to use for any purpose, free of any charge, all information submitted to Blackfeet Community College via this site except those submissions made under separate legal
contract or material submitted by children. Blackfeet Community College shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, or
techniques contained in information provided to Blackfeet Community College through this site.
You must have Javascript enabled for the menu system to work. Internet Explorer users must select "allow blocked content" on the Information Bar to enable the menu or click below for the text menu.
About BCC | Academics | Alumni | Employees | Students | College Life | Privacy Policy