http://www.med.cornell.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Weill Cornell Medicine
Explore this Website
I am interested in...
Wayfinder menuPursuing an MD degree
Pursuing a graduate degree
Finding faculty
Finding a physician
Starting a career at WCM
Reading the latest WCM news
Giving to WCM
HomeOur StoryToggle menu optionsHistory
About Dean Choi
Vision Statement
Dean's Messages
Boards and Councils
LeadershipToggle menu optionsSenior Leadership
Department Chairs
Executive Faculty Council
General Faculty Council
Administration and Finance Leadership
Clinical Affairs Leadership
Medical Education Leadership
External Affairs Leadership
Faculty Affairs and Development Leadership
Graduate School Leadership
Physician Organization Leadership
Research Leadership
WCM-Qatar Leadership
Diversity and Inclusion Leadership
International Affairs and Affiliates Leadership
Mentorship
Diversity
Global Health
Innovation
Affiliations
Maps and Directions
Contact Weill Cornell Medicine
Patient Care
Research
Education
Faculty
Departments
Weill Cornell Medicine
Care
Discover
Teach
HomeOur Story
Patient Care
Research
Education
Faculty
Departments
HomePrivacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Privacy Practices (Spanish)
This Notice will tell you about the ways we may use and disclose medical information about you. We also describe your rights and certain obligations we have regarding such medical information. We are required by law to make sure that medical information which identifies you is kept private; give you this Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to your medical information; and follow the terms of the Notice that is currently in effect.
This Notice covers the physician practices of Weill Cornell Medical College (collectively “Weill Cornell”, “we” or “us”), including its employed physicians and other personnel. (If you are being treated by a Weill Cornell physician while in another institution, such as New York-Presbyterian Hospital, you should refer to that other institution’s Notice of Privacy Practices for information about how your medical information may be used and disclosed and whom to contact to exercise your rights).
Changes to this notice
We reserve the right to change this Notice. We reserve the right to make the revised or changed Notice effective for medical information about you we already have as well as any information we receive in the future. The current Notice in effect at any time will be posted on our website address listed below and will be available from the Privacy Officer as well as at any of our practice locations.
Complaints
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with Weill Cornell or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with Weill Cornell, please call or write to the Privacy Officer at the address listed at the end of this Notice. You will not be penalized or retaliated against for filing a complaint regarding your privacy rights.
Questions
If you have a question about this Privacy Notice, please contact:
Privacy Office
Weill Cornell Medical College
1300 York Avenue, Box 303
New York, N.Y. 10021
Tel: (646) 962-6930
Email: privacy@med.cornell.edu
Website: https://weillcornell.org/privacy
Contact Us
Directory
Events
News
Patient Care
Are you looking for a physician?
Visit Weill Cornell Medicine Patient Care Website.
Jump To Top