https://www.lindahall.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Linda Hall Library
816.363.4600
Facebook
Twitter
Linda Hall Library Tumblr Link
Linda Hall Library Vimeo Link
Linda Hall Library Instagram Link
Facebook
Twitter
Linda Hall Library Tumblr Link
Linda Hall Library Vimeo Link
Linda Hall Library Instagram Link
Contribute Now
Sign up for e-News
Online Catalog
Document Delivery
Digital Collections
Arboretum
Search
Catalog
Site
Visit
Hours & Directions
Tours
Arboretum
William N. Deramus III Cosmology Theater
Using the Library
Public Programs
Lectures and Symposia
Past Lectures and Symposia
Lecture Videos
Paul D. Bartlett, Sr. Lecture
Previous Speakers
Exhibitions
Current Exhibitions
Online Exhibitions
Past Exhibitions
Research
Online Catalog
Research Guides
Collections
History of Science
Fellowships
Difficult to Find Engineering Papers
Digital Collections
Services
Document Delivery
Image Reproduction
Reference Services
Using the Library
About
About the Library
Hours & Directions
Board of Trustees
Staff Directory
Employment Opportunities
News
Newsroom
Scientist of the Day
Sign up for e-News
Hedgehog
Annual Reports
Press Releases
Support Us
Financial Donations
Book Donations
Select Page
Privacy Policy
The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is July 2, 2013.
BY USING THE LIBRARY’S SERVICES (INCLUDING THE SITE), ATTENDING LIBRARY PROGRAMS AND EVENTS, AND BY COMMUNICATING WITH THE LIBRARY, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THE THEN-CURRENT LIBRARY PRIVACY POLICY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME, AND THE LIBRARY ENCOURAGES USERS TO CHECK IT PERIODICALLY.
The Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology (the “Library” or “we”) is the world’s foremost independent research library devoted to science, engineering and technology. A not-for-profit, privately funded institution, the Library is open to the public free of charge. The Library provides the website www.lindahall.org (identified herein as the “Site”) and the content on the Site for the convenience of its users. Please read the following sections carefully, as they contain the privacy policies covering the use of your information obtained by the Library through your interaction with it (the “Privacy Policy”). Additionally, you should review the Library’s website Terms and Conditions that govern use of the Site. Inquiries or concerns regarding the Terms and Conditions of this Privacy Policy may be sent by either of the following: via email to register@lindahall.org or by mail to Vice President, Finance and Administration, Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology, 5109 Cherry Street, Kansas City, MO 64110.
STATUTORY OBLIGATIONS OF LIBRARIES. As provided in RSMo 182.815-182.817, the Library specifically recognizes any document, record, or other method of storing information retained, received, or generated by the Library that identifies a person or persons having requested, used, or borrowed library material to be confidential, including document delivery requests. The Library shall not divulge such information to anyone other than the borrower or the borrower’s parent organization while using Library services in a professional capacity. Such records shall not be made available to any agency of state, federal, or local government except pursuant to such process, order, or subpoena as may be authorized under the authority of, and pursuant to, federal, state, or local law relating to civil, criminal, or administrative discovery procedures or legislative investigatory power. The Library shall resist the issuance or enforcement of any such process, order, or subpoena until such time as a proper showing of good cause has been made in a court of competent jurisdiction.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SITE. The Library records and compiles aggregate demographic data related to our users in order to manage the services offered and to provide aggregate information to potential funders of the Library’s programs. The Library collects and analyzes data about the use of the Site to improve service, and may choose to use an externally hosted service (e.g. Google Analytics) to collect this data. This information is generally not personally identifiable information.
IP ADDRESS. The Library may log all connections to our web servers. Those log files will include your IP address. An IP address is NOT personally identifiable information, but general information about your location, connection to the Internet, and your Internet Service Provider.
COOKIES. “Cookies” are small pieces of information stored in a user’s browser that give that user a unique identification. The Site may insert cookies into your browser that identify you as a previous user of the Site and contain non-personally identifying information regarding you and your navigation of the Site. In some instances, these cookies may be used by other websites during your future navigation of the Internet to target specific advertisements to you based on your previous use of the Site. All cookies are established on a per session basis, and are not permanently stored on your machine.
CLEAR GIFS. The Library may also employ a software technology called clear gifs (also known as web beacons) that help it better manage content on the Site by indicating the effectiveness of content. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear gifs and cookies are not tied to user’s personally identifiable information.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH YOUR INTERACTION WITH THE LIBRARY, INCLUDING THE SITE. The Library uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its users of the Site. The Library does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to the Library voluntarily and knowingly. The Library will not sell, trade, or share any personal information by or about a donor or user with anyone else unless the donor or user has given the Library specific permission to do so. The Library does not send mailings to donors or users on behalf of other organizations.
CONTACT FORM. The Library does not require users to register with or provide information to the Library in order to view its Site. Most information contained on the Site is available without supplying personal information. In the event you affirmatively act to provide your personal information to the Library, to contact the Library, or to request additional information via the Site, email, or in person; for an event registration; or through a donation to the Library, you thereby agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy with respect to the collection and use of your contact and personal information. The Library’s contact form, event registration form, or donation form may request that you provide contact and other personal information (such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address).
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. The Library will sometimes send requests to support the Library to people who have expressed interest in the Library’s programs or services. The Library may also use personal and/or contact information to contact users directly. This information is used for internal purposes solely by the Library or other entities who are involved in the operation of the Library or the Site. The Library’s lists are never sold to third parties. The Library will only disclose your contact and personal information when required by law or in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or similar authority.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. The Library does contract with Application Service Providers (ASPs) to provide some services, such as event registration, but the Library expects ASPs to respect the confidentiality of the information placed on their hosted servers.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION. The Library receives credit card information via online forms, postal mail, fax, and phone and has measures in place to protect against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, the Library cannot guarantee the performance or adequacy of such measures, and hereby disclaims any liability related thereto.
LIBRARY CIRCULATION DATA. Library circulation databases will not be used to collect personal information for mailing lists, and Library cardholders must opt in to electronic or postal mailing lists. Library users and donors may opt out of the Library’s electronic or postal mailing lists at any time by emailing register@lindahall.org.
SECURITY. The Site includes security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control; however, the Library does not guarantee the performance or adequacy of such security measures.
CHILDREN’S SAFETY. The Site allows children to use the Site and request information through the Site. The Library has great concern for protecting the personal information of children, as well as the rest of its patrons and donors. As such, the Library applies the same protective standards set forth above with respect to the handling of information collected from children.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES. The Site may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by the Library. The Library is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties or the content or security of such third-party websites. The User bears all risk associated with viewing a third-party website or employing of any third party and obtaining their goods or services.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information currently collected from users through their use or support of the Library or through the use of the Site, and the ways that information is protected. From time to time, the Library may collect different types of information and use that information in different ways, for example, when features or services are added to the Site. In these cases, this policy may be edited to explain the new practices. Because protecting your privacy is very important, the Library does not expect major changes in policy. However, if significant changes in Library practices are made, announcements at the Library or on the Site’s home page will advise a user of the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US. To remove or change your contact information, or to opt out of future mailings or other communications, as well as for all other inquiries, please contact us at any time using one of the options below.
Email us at register@lindahall.org.
Contact us at:
Vice President, Finance and Administration
Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology
5109 Cherry Street
Kansas City, MO 64110
816.363.4600 or 800.662.1545
NOTIFICATIONSUntitled UPCOMING EVENTS
Making Space: Women Who Have Shown Us the Stars
October 10, 11:00 am - 12:00 pm
Communicating with Robots: Towards Complex Language in Partially Observed Environments
October 15, 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm
Astronomy – What’s Up in the Sky for 2021
October 21, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
How Do I Become an Engineer?
October 23, 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm
Water: Access, Supply, and Sustainability
October 27, 7:00 pm - October 29, 8:30 pm
View All Events
PolicyTerms and Conditions
Library Rules
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
QuicklinksOnline Catalog
Research Guides
Staff Directory
Employment Opportunities
About the Library
The Linda Hall Library is the world’s foremost independent research library devoted to science, engineering, and technology.
Library Hours Monday - Friday
9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Phone: 816.363.4600
Toll Free: 800.662.1545
Facebook
Twitter
Linda Hall Library Tumblr Link
Linda Hall Library Vimeo Link
Linda Hall Library Instagram Link
Linda Hall Library, 5109 Cherry Street, Kansas City, MO 64110-2498 © 2020, Linda Hall Library, All Rights Reserved