http://www.freevocabulary.com/info/privacy/
Topics / Categories
The SAT
Top Products / Services
Guides
Netflix Trials with Accts
Unlimited CC Numbers for Test
Best COVID-19 Dashboards
Best Free Music Downloader
Free Movie Streaming Sites
Dell Warranty Check
Free Movie Streaming Sites
Test Valid CC Numbers CVV
Best VCC Providers
Sites Watch TV Shows Full Episodes
Test Valid CC Numbers
Millionaires Who Give Away Money
Fake CC for Tests
Get Free VISA CC Numbers
How to Get Free Paypal Account With Money on Them
Spotify Prem Trials + Creation
Free CC Numbers for Test
Paypal no Human Verification
Minecraft Account List
Best BIN Checker Services
Free Virtual CC
Favorite Posts
Set up an Unreal Gmail Acct
Best CPU Temp Monitor
How to ask Rich People for Money
PC Audio Equalizer Windows
Free MC Testing CC Numbers
Working CC Generator for App Tests
Create Gmail without Phone
Best Torrent Client Windows 10
Best 1337x Proxy List
Delete Documents IPhone Storage
Best Classified Websites
How to Delete Skype Account
Fake CC for Netflix Trials
How to Get Grammarly Premium Free
Best Private Bay Proxy
XBox One Emulator for PC
Best Free Architecture Software
Check CC is Active Online
Paypal Gift Card Generator
iOS Emulator for PC
Best Free Firewalls for Windows 10 PC
Top Torrent Sites
CC Generator for Educational
Sites Similar to Craigslist
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and
regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with
any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these
terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The
materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable
copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the
materials (information or software) on FreeVocabulary's web site for
personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant
of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you
may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any
public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software
contained on FreeVocabulary's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from
the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the
materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any
of these restrictions and may be terminated by FreeVocabulary at any
time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the
termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded
materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed
format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on FreeVocabulary's web site are provided "as
is". FreeVocabulary makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and
hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without
limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of
intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further,
FreeVocabulary does not warrant or make any representations
concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use
of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to
such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall FreeVocabulary or its suppliers be liable for
any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data
or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or
inability to use the materials on FreeVocabulary's Internet site, even
if FreeVocabulary or a FreeVocabulary authorized representative has
been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied
warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on FreeVocabulary's web site could
include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
FreeVocabulary does not warrant that any of the materials on its web
site are accurate, complete, or current. FreeVocabulary may make
changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without
notice. FreeVocabulary does not, however, make any commitment to
update the materials.
6. Links
FreeVocabulary has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its
Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such
linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by
FreeVocabulary of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the
user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
FreeVocabulary may revise these terms of use for its web site at
any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be
bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of
Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to FreeVocabulary's web site shall be governed
by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict
of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have
developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect,
use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we
will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with
the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for
other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the
individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary
for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means
and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the
individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it
is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes,
should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security
safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access,
disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about
our policies and practices relating to the management of personal
information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with
these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of
personal information is protected and maintained.
Try the new FREE GiveAways PageSomething wrong ? Try refresh this pageWhitelist, remove adblock to see all the secrets. Once done, hit refresh button below.
Refresh