http://www.fitzprog.com.au/pages/terms-conditions
Terms & Privacy
USE OF THIS SITE
Welcome to our Site. These are our Terms & Conditions for use of the site which you may access in several ways, including but not limited to the web, PDAs, and mobile phones etc.
GENERAL
Users will not use this site for any purpose or in any way which is unlawful. These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Victoria.
Fitzroy Programs Pty Ltd is the owner and operator of this Site. Users of this Site (Users) agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions, which are subject to change at Fitzroy Programs’ discretion. Your use of and access to this Site indicates your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property in relation to content on this Site belongs to Fitzroy Programs. You obtain no interest in that intellectual property. All content on this Site is protected by Australian and international copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may not do anything which interferes with or breaches those laws or the intellectual property rights in the content.
You may download and view content or print a copy of material on this Site for personal, non-commercial use provided you do not modify the content in any way (including any copyright notice). All rights not expressly granted under these terms of use are reserved by Fitzroy Programs. Unless expressly stated otherwise, you are not permitted to copy, or republish anything you find on the Site without the copyright or trademark owners’ permission.
Nothing displayed on the Site should be construed as granting any licence or right of use of any logo, trademark or masthead displayed on the Site, without the express written permission of Fitzroy Programs Pty Ltd.
ARTICLES AND FAQS
The articles and FAQs included on this site may be downloaded and shared with any interested persons on condition that each page or screen displaying this material includes the readable words extracted from www.fitzroyreaders.com
ORDERING
I confirm that I am ordering the correct title, edition, quantity and of the items in my shopping cart. I understand I have an approval period for the commodities on this order and after that period expires, this purchase is deemed a firm sale (i.e. non-returnable).
PRICING
All prices are listed in Australian dollars.
We reserve the right to change prices and correct any printing errors.
The above procedures are covered by Victoria Fair Trading Rules.
CHANGES TO ORDERS
Fitzroy Programs will only allow you to add additional items to your order within 1 business day of the original order being placed. We are unable to combine multiple orders after the payment for the first order is processed. Of course, follow-up orders may be placed.
NO-QUESTIONS-ASKED GUARANTEE
Fitzroy Programs offers a No-Questions-Asked Guarantee for you to return any item with an Australian delivery address for the value of the items returned. The items must be returned in resalable condition. See our Returns Policy below for full details. This guarantee does not include orders with an overseas shipping address or Bulk Orders (these buyers should sample a single product first).
RETURNS POLICY
You can return your purchase to Fitzroy Programs or send it to our office within 30 days. Just a couple of things to remember:
Before making a return you should contact Fitzroy Programs on (03) 9489 5700 if you think you might qualify for a post-free Returns Authorisation.
Please enclose the original Tax Invoice or a copy of the Tax Invoice with the goods.
The goods have to be in original condition.
Let us know if you would like a replacement, a credit or a refund.
Include a daytime phone number where we can contact you.
Our Postal Address:
Fitzroy Programs Pty Ltd
593 Brunswick Street
Fitzroy North Victoria 3068
AUSTRALIA
Our Office Phone:
(03) 9489 5700
Privacy
We have a policy of protecting customer information.  Under law, your rights to privacy are also protected. If you have any queries, please contact us.
Privacy FAQs
Why do we collect the information?
The information you give us through www.fitzroyreaders.com helps us better understand the products and services most helpful to you.  We may also provide value-added services and offers.
To whom do we regularly disclose personal information?
We will never disclose information that we hold to any third party.
Promotional communications
If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email communications.
Information deletion
Any information that we no longer require is destroyed securely.
Personal information access
If you would like to know what information we hold about you, please contact our privacy manager.  We aim to ensure that all the information we collect or use is accurate, complete and up-to-date.