https://www.neumann.edu/privacy-policy/?hsLang=en
Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
×
ABOUT US
ACADEMICS
ADMISSIONS
Visit Us
Request More Information
Transfer Admissions
Admitted? Enroll Now
ATHLETICS
MISSION & MINISTRY
STUDENT LIFE
MyNU Portal
Giving to Neumann
Maps & Directions
Alumni & Friends
Parents
News
Contact Us
MENU
APPLY
Last Updated: October 12, 2018
Neumann University (the “University” or “we” or “us”) values your privacy and promises to protect your personally identifiable information as provided in this Privacy Policy (“Policy”). The purpose of this Policy is to describe the types of information we may collect about you when you visit the University’s site at www.neumann.edu (the "Site"), and the University’s practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. Personal information, data and other content, including photographs, that you share on or post to social media pages or sites such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram that may be associated with the University are subject to the privacy policies and terms and conditions of use of those platforms and not this Policy. Please refer to those privacy policies and the terms and conditions of use of such social media pages and sites before posting any personal information, data or content to those pages or sites. Some third-party service providers used by the University may also have their own privacy policies, and the University is not responsible for those privacy policies or any other practices of those sites. In all cases, the University’s policy is to work with reputable service providers who maintain privacy policies similar to this Policy.
By continuing to use the Site, or by submitting Personal Data (as defined herein) to the University, you are agreeing to the terms of this Policy and acknowledge that your information will be managed and protected in accordance with this Policy. If you do not agree with the University’s policies and practices concerning the protection of Personal Data, do not access or use the Site. Please note that this Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Site after we make changes is deemed to be of acceptance of those changes, so please check this Policy periodically for updates.
The University collects two kinds of information on the Site: (1) information that you voluntarily submit while visiting the Site; and (2) information that is automatically collected as you access and navigate the Site.
Information You Provide to UsIn certain instances, you may directly and voluntarily submit information on the Site (including registering for an event, signing up to receive information, or contacting us). This information might include your name, email address, job title, organization, mailing address, phone number, current or former education information, or other information, data or content by which you may be personally identified (collectively, “Personal Data”. In connection with any Personal Data relating to other people disclosed to the University or to the University’s third party service providers during your use of the Site, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use such information in accordance with this Policy.
Information We Collect About YouNon-Identifiable InformationNon-identifiable user information may be shared with third-party vendors to the extent necessary to provide and improve web services or other communications to users. The University uses third-party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics and Google Search Console, to monitor and analyze Site traffic. The University’s systems may collect information about your computer, including Internet Protocol (IP) address, location, operating system or browser. Additionally, Google Analytics provides general interest and behavioral information for analysis. The University also collects information about the content and services of users accessing the Site, including the pages they visit and the duration of use. We use this information to help us understand the needs and preferences of the University’s audience as a whole. This information is not used to identify any specific user or track a specific user’s behavior on the Site. The University’s systems also may collect information from cookies, geo-location software, and similar technologies. To read more about the University’s use of these technologies, please see the “Use of Cookies” section of this Policy.
Personally-Identifiable InformationThe University’s admissions applications and program information request forms may use a third-party data collection service provider to collect data, including Personal Data, from prospective students via an external website. This third-party service provider may be used by the University for engage with prospective students during the admissions process through both online and offline communications. To remove yourself from receiving admissions correspondence, please email privacy@neumann.edu.
How We Use Your Information.The University does not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Data to others. We may provide aggregated statistical data to reputable third-party vendors, but this data will not include Personal Data. We may, however, use your information in one or more of the following ways:
To provide the information or services you requested: We may use your information to send you electronic newsletters, reminders, confirmation of attendance notifications, or enabling you to comment on any content appearing on the Site. We may also use your information for any other purpose expressly disclosed to us when you provide the information.
To communicate with you: We may use your information to send you student service or transactional emails. These communications may include information regarding the status of University-related events, reminders about events for which you registered, replies to your email or telephone inquiries, emails containing resources you requested, or attendance confirmations.
To conduct statistical analysis of our website(s): We may use information collected to analyze and ultimately improve our Site and services to better serve our school community.
To facilitate the services of the Site: We may employ contractors, services providers, and other third parties to support the University’s education offerings, who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
Other uses at your direction or with your consent: There may other instances not included here where the University may use or collect your information. These instances will only be at your direction or with your consent.
Information Sharing with Third Parties.At Your Direction or with Your ConsentThe University may share your information with third parties when you have told us to do so or have consented to us doing so.
Upon your request, the University will share information with other parties and gather information from other private data providers. For example, the University may receive test scores from testing agencies and may send transcripts to persons or institutions outside the University. This is done only at the request of users (persons to whom the information applies). Other instances may include applying for a job through the Careers Center job board. If you are applying for a job through our Site, your name and email address, as well as the resume, cover letter and supporting documents that you provide with the application, may be shared with the employer.
As Required by Law or as Needed to Protect the Users, the Site or the ServicesWe may be bound to disclose your Personal Data to authorities and other third parties in circumstances where we believe, in good faith, that doing so is necessary to appropriate: to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request: to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues at the Site; or to protect the right and safety of the University and its faculty, administration, students, alumni, parents, and employees, and the right and safety of other users.
Use of Cookies.To enhance your experience with the Site, we may place "cookies" on your computer or device. Cookies are small text files that store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not disclose your email address or other Personal Data unless you choose to provide this information to us. Once you choose to provide us with your Personal Data, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your web browser or device and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has previously visited the Site and relate your use of the Site to other information about you, such as your usage information and Personal Data.
We use cookies (including cache cookies, tracking pixels, or clear gifs) to understand the usage of the Site and to improve the University’s content and offerings from the Site and to deliver content that might be of interest to you.
You can modify your cookie preferences via your web browser if you wish to change how your computer accepts cookies. You also can disable cookies altogether. If, however, you disable browser cookies, that action may interfere with the proper functioning of the Site and the provision of other University services.
Policy Regarding Children.The Site and the services provided by the University via the Site are not directed to nor intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under 13 years of age is eligible to access or use the Site and services provided by the University via the Site. We do not knowingly collect or store any Personal Data about children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not access or use the Site, provide any information on the Site or through any of the feature of the Site, make any purchases through the Site, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Site, or provide any information or data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from the University’s records to the fullest extent possible.
Your Right to Information.The University protects your right to information by answering your questions concerning the processing of your data and respecting your right to access your account settings, payment information or other information resulting from your use of the Site and any services offered by the University via the Site. Note that persons in certain jurisdictions, including those in European Union member states, may have additional legal rights and protections. The University is committed to complying with those rights and protections. To exercise your right to your information under applicable law, please email us at privacy@neumann.edu
How We Retain Your Data.The University will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with legal obligations of the University (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce legal agreements and policies of the University.
The University may also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the Site, or where the University is legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
How We Protect the Security of Your Data.The University has in place appropriate organizational, technical, and physical safeguards designed to maintain data security and secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. We work to protect the security of your information notably during transmission, using HTTPS to encrypt any data you provide via the Site and the services offered by the University via the Site. Please keep in mind that no manner of data storage or transmission is completely secure and any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. It is also important for you to protect your information and data, especially to prevent unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU), a European Economic Area (“EEA”), member state, or Switzerland, you have certain data protection rights under the GDPR, including:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. If you believe that your Personal Data that we possess is, or has become, incorrect or is incomplete, you have the right to request to rectify any of the Personal Data we may have about you.
The right to object. You have the right to object to the University processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your Personal Data.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where the University relied on your consent to process your Personal Data, without affecting the lawfulness of the University’s processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to any of the above requests and that the above individual rights are not absolute. The University may be entitled to refuse requests where certain exceptions apply. If you have given your consent and you wish to withdraw it, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Policy. Please note that where the University’s processing of your Personal Data relies on your consent and where you then withdraw that consent, we may not be able to provide all or some aspects of the services provided via the Site to you and it may affect the provision of those services.
If you feel the University has not complied with applicable foreign laws regulating such information, you should first contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Policy. You also have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the EEA about the University’s collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA. You may also contact us to be directed to the relevant authorities.
External Websites.Some hyperlinks and images on the Site may link to third-party websites. You should be aware that those third-party websites are not controlled by the University and are not subject to this Policy. You should check the privacy policies of those individual sites to see how your Personal Data will be collected and used.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.We review this Policy regularly and may modify or otherwise update it at any time. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to understand how your Personal Data is collected and used. You are responsible for periodically visiting the Site and this Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Us.If you have additional questions regarding this Policy, if you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, or if you want to lodge a complaint with us, please email us at privacy@neumann.edu
QUICK LINKS
About Us
Academic Programs
Admissions
Alumni & Friends
Apply Now
Athletics
Book Store
Campus Ministry
Campus Safety
Career & Personal Development
Catalog
Fast Facts
Financial Assistance
Giving to Neumann
Guest Speakers
ITR Help Desk
Library
Mission and Ministry
News/Publications
NIFS
Parents
ROTC
Student Life
Study Abroad
Job Opportunities
Visit Us
One Neumann Drive Aston, PA 19014-1298
Phone:
610-459-0905
800.9.NEUMANN
Privacy Policy
Neumann University © 2020. All Rights Reserved.