https://www.waynecc.edu/privacy/
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Commitment to Your Privacy
Protecting your personal privacy is a priority at Wayne. We are committed to safeguarding the personal information you share with us. This Privacy Policy tells you how your personal information is used by the college, and we pledge to take the appropriate steps to insure your personal information is used only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.
Information We Gather
Wayne Community College collects both personal and non-personal information on our site. When a visitor completes an online form we collect such items as name, address, and e-mail address. This data is collected and housed in our college systems for processing. The information you provide is confidential and will only be used to develop our business relationship with you and meet your requests. No information provided by you or details of any business transactions are sold to any third party. Data is shared with third parties only when necessary to process a transaction, or to comply with appropriate laws and regulations.
Certain non-personal information is collected when you browse our web site, read pages or download information. This information does not identify you personally. It is collected to help us improve our web site and general services to the public. The items we gather will include the internet domain and address of the computer accessing the site, the type of browser or other client application used, the operating system of the computer, the web pages visited, the referring web pages and the time spent on our site.
Third-party Web Sites
The WCC web site provides links to a wide variety of other web sites. Wayne Community College is not responsible for the content of these third party sites, and their privacy policies will vary. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the WCC web site and carefully read the privacy statements of any web site that collects personally identifiable information.