https://www.walshcollege.edu/legalnotices
YOUR FUTURE
STARTS TODAY.
LEARN MORE
Talk to an advisor: 248-823-1600
Explore
HLC Reaffirmation | Walsh Pathway to Accreditation Open Pathway Timeline Reaffirmation News and Updates Reaffirmation FAQNewsMedia RoomLeadership at Walsh Board of Trustees Inauguration OfficersWalsh College Foundation Board of DirectorsAccreditationDepartment Hours and Building InformationAvailable Positions | Careers at WalshCampus Security Report Emergency Response and Evacuation ProceduresEmergency Closing ProcedureCollege for Creative Studies PartnershipRankings and Recognition Timeline from 1922 | The History of WalshLegal NoticesCampus Locations in Michigan | Walsh 360 Videos - Troy Campus Tour Green FacilitiesMeeting Facilities Troy Building RenovationMeeting FacilitiesMission and ValuesPrivacy PolicyPublicationsTerms of UseTitle IX & Nondiscrimination PolicyUniversity College of Economics and Culture PartnershipWalsh in the Community
Home » About Us and Our Resources | Walsh » Legal Notices
Agreement to be Bound.
By accessing a site, continuing to access a site, or downloading materials from a site, you agree to abide by the terms of use described in this notice. If you do not agree to abide by these terms of use, do not use a site or download materials from a site.
General Information.
These are the legal notices and terms of use and the privacy policy that apply to the domain(s) below.  We refer to the website(s) accessible through the domain(s) and all related websites as “sites” and to each of them as a “site.”
walshcollege.edu
When we refer to “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “College” we mean Walsh College of Accountancy and Business Administration, or the specific division, subsidiary, or affiliate that operates a site, provides its content, or processes information received through it, each as appropriate and applicable.
When we refer to “you” or “your,” we mean the person accessing the site.  If the person accessing the site does so on behalf of, or for the purposes of, another person, including a business or other organization, “you” or “your” also means that other person, including a business organization.
Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property.
This site is © 2015 by us and we reserve all rights. You may inquire about rights to reproduce content from this site by e-mailing us using the technical support e-mail address below.
ALL RIGHTS IN ALL MATERIALS POSTED ON SITES EITHER BELONG TO US OR ARE LICENSED BY US WITH THE RIGHT TO SUE AND OTHERWISE ENFORCE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS IN SUCH MATERIALS.  YOU MAY NOT COPY ANY MATERIAL FROM ANY SITE WITHOUT OUR EXPRESS PERMISSION IN THE FORM OF A RECORD SIGNED BY US.
DMCA Copyright Notifications.
We do not knowingly permit anyone to post materials on a site where such posting would violate copyright or other applicable law, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) (including 17 USC § 512).  If you are a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed by any material on any site, you may notify us of claimed infringement by sending to us a notice containing the following elements.
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at the site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Our designated agent for receipt of such notices is:
DMCA Agent
Marketing@Walshcollege.edu
CAN-SPAM, Telephone Consumer Protection Act and Similar Law.
Your use of a site establishes a business or other applicable relationship with us for purposes of CAN-SPAM, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, and all other applicable law that addresses unsolicited commercial communications.  By accessing, or continuing to access, this site, you agree that we or our agents may call, e-mail, or otherwise communicate with you regarding promotion of the sale, lease, or exchange of goods, services, real property, or any other thing of value.
International Users.
The site is controlled, operated and administered by us or our agents from offices within the United States of America utilizing servers located in the United States of America.  We make no representation that materials at this site are appropriate or available for transmission to or from, or use in, locations outside of the jurisdictions stated above and accessing any site from any jurisdiction where such site’s contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use the site or export the materials in violation of import or export laws and regulations. If you access a site from a location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.