http://www.tcat.ac.uk/privacy-policy/
Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance & FAQs
More than just A levels
Apply to study A levels in September 2021
APPLY NOW
Missed our Virtual Open Event?
Catch up HERE
Don't miss out!!!
COVID-19
Our latest guidance, advice and FAQs
COVID-19 Update
More information
Read our West Midlands Colleges pledge
Click here
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
We do update this policy from time to time so please do review this policy regularly.
Telford College is what’s known as ‘the controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with details regarding your interaction with the College, it will also be used by the college’s analysis services, where appropriate. We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee services to yourself.
We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data. We shall not disclose the information you entrust us with to third parties except where we have a statutory or contractual duty to do so (including to your employer, if sponsored), where you have given prior approval or where an official third party data sharing agreement exists.
Telford College will use your name and email address to inform you of our future offers and similar products or services. This information is not shared with third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via phone, email or on our website.
More information regarding Telford College’s
data protection policy can be found on our website
DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
Under the current Data Protection Act 2018 and indeed the Information Commissioner’s Office Privacy Notices Code of Practice, privacy notices should be on all collection points where personal data is being collected from a Data Subject, especially if the data is being collected for a new purpose.
Your Personal Data:
What we need
Telford College will be what’s known as ‘the controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special or sensitive types of information. This does however include your name, address, email etc.
Why we need it
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with details regarding your interaction with the college and analysis services in line with this overall contact. We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee any services to yourself.
What we do with it
All of the personal data we collect is processed by our staff in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information may be located on servers within the European Union. No third parties have access to your personal data unless UK law allows them to do so or an official processing agreement is in place with Telford College . We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data. More information on this framework can be found on our website.
How long we keep it
We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years (plus current year) after which time it will be destroyed. Your information that we use for marketing purposes will be kept until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this type of information.
What we would also like to do with it
Telford College would however like to use your name and email address to inform you of our future offers and similar products. This information is not shared with third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via phone, email or on our website.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect, you can request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted, simply email mydata@telfordcollege.ac.uk
outlining your specific requirements.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter, at: dpo@telfordcollege.ac.uk.
Information We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you submit an application.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever
Telford College
uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of our web sites and compile reports for us on activity on our sites. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the News App, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. How to reject or delete this cookie http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
You can change the cookies we access on our website at any time in line with GDPR regulation. Click the cog button on the menu bar at the bottom of the screen to access the control panel and change your settings.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.