http://www.museumofnewmexico.org/legal/privacy
Home
»
Business and Legal
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to its web sites. As an affiliated web site of the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA), we are governed by the DCA Privacy Policy for ensuring the privacy of all personally identifiable information. This policy ensures that DCA does not collect any personal information about individuals that is not voluntarily submitted by the user. In addition, it ensures that any personal information collected will not be shared intentionally with any third party without having received your prior permission.
For any services or communications which are administered directly by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs, such as subscriptions to an email newsletter or direct email contact with us, New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs will never obtain email addresses from a third party for our subscriber list nor will we collect or share email addresses we obtain through our Web site or any other method (such as registration or membership forms) of obtaining personal information.
USE OF COOKIES
A cookie is a small file a Web site puts on your computer's hard drive so that the site can remember your preferences or which pages you visited on that site.
As you explore this Web site, it is possible that a session cookie will be set on your computer. A session cookie will tell us which pages you visit and the amount of time between each page visit. This cookie does not remember any information about you or your computer, it just tells us how long visitors spend on our sites and which pages receive the most traffic. A session cookie only remembers information about your current visit to the site. The New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs uses the information to improve our visitors' experiences on the site. No personal information is ever stored in or obtained from the cookies used on this site.
New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs
Location
407 Galisteo, Ste. 260
Santa Fe, NM
Phone
(505) 827-6364
Cabinet Secretary
Debra Garcia y Griego
Doing Business with DCA
Culture's Impact in New Mexico
Employment Opportunities
Boards and Commissions
History of DCA
Reports and Plans
Partners
Weddings and Events
Contact DCA
Archaeology
About OAS
Education Outreach
Archaeomagnetic Dating Lab
Center for NM Archaeology
Arts
About NM Arts
Arts Grants
Arts Trails
Art in Public Places
Governor’s Arts Awards
Historic Preservation
About Historic Preservation
Historic Markers
Grants in Historic Preservation
Records Management
Heritage Preservation Month
Libraries
About the State Library
Bookmobiles
El Portal
FamilyPass
Museums
International Folk Art
Indian Arts & Culture
Hispanic Cultural Center
Natural History & Science
History Museum
Palace Press
Space History
Rocketeer Academy
Farm & Ranch Heritage
Museum of Art
Historic Sites
Fort Sumner Historic Site/Bosque Redondo Memorial
Coronado Historic Site
Jemez Historic Site
Fort Stanton
Lincoln
Fort Selden
Los Luceros
Museum Resources
About Museum Resources
Backstage Exhibition Tours
Exhibit Services
Conservation
MNM Press
Marketing
Wonders on Wheels
El Palacio
Doing Business with DCA
Culture's Impact in New Mexico
Employment Opportunities
Boards and Commissions
History of DCA
Reports and Plans
Los Luceros Facilities Use Study
Los Luceros Business Strategy
Building on the Past / Facing the Future
Statewide Report Identifies the Economic Impacts of Arts and Cultural Industries
State-Tribal Collaboration Act (STCA) FY2014 Report
State-Tribal Collaboration Act (STCA) FY2016 Report
State-Tribal Collaboration Act (STCA) FY2017 Report
State-Tribal Collaboration Act (STCA) FY2018 Report
Partners
Weddings and Events
Contact DCA