http://www.ncbex.org/exams/mpre/ada-accommodations/test-conditions/
skip to main content
Multistate Professional Responsibility Examination
Home
Exams
MPRE
MPRE Test Accommodations
Test Conditions
MPRE Test Conditions
The MPRE is administered via computer-based testing on computers provided by Pearson VUE at its testing centers. You can view an interactive tutorial on the Pearson VUE website that simulates the experience of taking the MPRE via computer-based testing, allowing you to practice navigating between questions and using the features of the testing system. Below is information regarding some of the most common testing accommodations available for the MPRE. This is a non-exhaustive list; other accommodations may be requested. The appropriateness of accommodations depends upon the individual's specific functional limitations in relation to the testing environment. An individualized assessment is made of every request for accommodations.
Extended testing time
Supervised breaks (for more information, visit stop-the-clock break time)
Separate room (from standard test takers)
A trackball mouse
Provision of a Reader
Provision of a Recorder/scribe
JAWS software: To be approved for JAWS, a candidate must be a proficient user of the program, as testing center personnel cannot assist candidates with JAWS software navigation before or during testing
ZoomText software: To be approved for ZoomText, a candidate must be a proficient user of the program, as testing center personnel cannot assist candidates with ZoomText software navigation before or during testing
Wheelchair-accessible workstation; standard height is 30”
Allowance for medical devices; see the Pearson VUE Comfort Aid List for items that do not require accommodations.
Increased Text SizeAll candidates have the option to increase text size by 25%, 50%, 75%, 100%, and 200% of standard text size. Monitor brightness and text color may also be adjusted.  Please refer to the MPRE Tutorial on the Pearson VUE website to view the various sample text sizes and color scheme options for text and backgroundEarplugs and Noise-Reducing HeadphonesCandidates are assigned seats in a quiet environment, in individual carrels with high walls on three sides to avoid visual distractions. Earplugs or noise-reducing headphones are available for all candidates.Permitted Comfort Aids (No Preapproval Required)Permitted comfort aids may be brought by candidates and do not require preapproval. They will be allowed in the testing room upon visual inspection by a Test Administrator. For a complete list of all permitted comfort aids, see the Pearson VUE Comfort Aid List.Diabetes AccommodationsThe following are allowed in the testing room as a comfort aid without formal prior approval, but must be inaudible and are subject to inspection by testing staff:
Continuous glucose monitor (CGM) without network transmission capability or accompanying remote device (including a cell phone)
Glucagon pen
Glucose tablets (unwrapped and not in a bottle/container)
Insulin pump
If you have health-related needs that require accommodations beyond the comfort aids listed above, you must apply for test accommodations. Visit How to Apply for Test Accommodations for information on this process.LockersPersonal items must be stored in a locker during administration of the test. Lockers may only be accessed during the examination if access was preapproved as an accommodation, and only upon permission of a Test Administrator. Candidates are not allowed to access study materials, mobile phones, or any electronic device during a break.Use of a Reader as an AccommodationReaders (to be provided by NCBE) must read verbatim and are not permitted to paraphrase, interpret, define words, or otherwise vary from the text. Upon request of the candidate, the reader may do the following: spell words, reread all or part of a text or question, scan for particular words or phrases, read the text in a specific order, and identify the type and location of punctuation marks.Use of a Recorder/Scribe as an AccommodationThe recorder/scribe (to be provided by NCBE) will input answers as dictated by the candidate.BrailleThe MPRE is administered on computers provided by Pearson VUE at its testing centers. If you require a Braille version of the exam, you must request an accommodation. Braille is available in Unified English Braille Code (UEB) and English Braille American Edition (EBAE).Wheelchair AccessibilityThe standard Pearson VUE exam workstation has a clearance of 30”. If your wheelchair requires a different height or a height-adjustable table, you must request an accommodation.Nursing Mother and Pregnancy-Related Testing ArrangementsThe National Conference of Bar Examiners will consider requests for medically necessary testing arrangements to support nursing mothers.  For example, candidates who are nursing may be granted stop-the-clock break time in order to accommodate their need to express milk. Complete and submit the Applicant Request Form along with a letter from your doctor supporting your request. Proof of past accommodations and prior standardized test score reports are not necessary to request a Nursing Mother Arrangement. Please note that nursing mothers are not permitted to bring infants to the testing room.If you are experiencing complications relating to pregnancy that require modifications to the standard testing conditions, you may also be eligible for accommodations. As is the case with all requested accommodations, applications for pregnancy-related accommodations must be supported by medical documentation.
MPRE Test Accommodations
Important Dates
How to Prepare Your Request for Accommodations
Accommodations Decisions
Test Conditions
Documentation Guidelines
Upload Accommodation Request
Accommodations Forms
Applicant Request Form
Certification of Accommodations History
Applicant Appeal/Reconsideration Request Form
Guidelines for Medical Documentation
ADHD
Learning Disabilities
Psychological Disabilities
Physical and Chronic Health-Related Disabilities
Visual Disabilities
Test Accommodations Privacy Policy
MPRE Test Accommodations Privacy Policy