https://www.usuhs.edu/privacy-security
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome
USU Privacy and Security
Webmaster
Webmaster Home
Drupal Information for Pagemasters
Web Policies and Guidelines
Legal and Administrative
Privacy & Security Notice
This website is provided as a public service by the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences.
Information presented on this website is considered public information and may be distributed or copied unless otherwise specified. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested.
Privacy Act Statement - If you choose to provide us with personal information - like filling out a Contact form with e-mail and/or postal addresses - we only use that information to respond to your message or request. We will only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. We never create individual profiles or give it to any private organizations. Usuhs.edu never collects information for commercial marketing. While you must provide an e-mail address or postal address for a response other than those generated automatically in response to questions or comments that you may submit, we recommend that you NOT include any other personal information, especially Social Security numbers. The Social Security Administration offers additional guidance on sharing your Social Security number.
We maintain a variety of physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration guidelines.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please email our webmaster.
Use of Measurement and Customization Technology
This website uses no measurement and customization technology known as a "cookies." Cookies are used to remember a user's online interactions with a website or online application in order to conduct measurement and analysis of usage or to customize the user's experience.
Use of Third-party Websites and Applications
Third-party websites and applications that are not owned, operated, or controlled by the Department of Defense are integral to our Internet-based operations and used to augment official communication. These capabilities include, but are not limited to, networking services, media sharing services, wikis and data mashups. These sites may collect PII and may make it available to the Uniformed Services University and other users; however, the PII is not collected on behalf of, nor is it provided specifically for, the Uniformed Services University. The Uniformed Services University does not harvest and additionally collect, maintain, share or otherwise use such PII for any purpose other than that for which it is made available to all users.
External Links
The appearance of links to external information does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or verification of accuracy by USU of the linked web sites, or the information, products or services contained therein. The USU does not exercise any editorial control over the information you may find at these locations. All links are provided as a service to visitors to our site and are selected based on their consistency with the stated purpose of this web site.
Media AffairsGive to USUJob OpportunitiesThe Pulse
USU HomeLegal and AdministrativeEmergency ContactsContact Us © 2020-2021 Uniformed Services University 4301 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, Maryland 20814
NSABCapMedWRNMMC