http://www.stlcc.edu/college-policy-procedures/consumer-information/voter-registration.aspx
Skip to Content
Voter Information
STLCC wants to make sure we provide quality voter information resources to our students.
Home
College Policies and Procedures
Consumer Information
Voter Information
College Policies and ProceduresCollege Policies and ProceduresCollege Policies and ProceduresAcademic Rights and ResponsibilitiesAccess Services Student HandbookAccommodations StatementAccreditationCampus Crime ReportsCampus Guidelines on Distribution of InformationClosing Procedures & NotificationsComputer Use and File SharingConsumer InformationLegal DisclaimerPrivacy PolicyLactation/Breastfeeding InformationGDPR FAQCopyright InformationDrug and Alcohol Abuse PreventionEnrollment ReportsFacilities and Services for Students with DisabilitiesGuide to ReligionsPrivacy of Student Records (FERPA)Refund Policy and Requirements for Withdrawal and Return of Federal Financial AidRegistration & Medical AppealsSTLCC CaresStudent Conduct Rights and ResponsibilitiesTitle IX
Voter Information
Get information on voting during COVID-19, registration, and understand the issues
on the ballot.
Important Deadlines
General Election - Nov. 3, 2020
Missouri
Deadline to register new voters: Oct. 7
Deadline to register online:No online registration
Deadline to request an absentee or a mail-in ballot: Received in election office by 5 p.m. on Oct 21(Eligibility for Absentee vs Mail-in-ballot)
Return deadline for mail-in ballot: Received in election office by 7 p.m. on Nov. 3
Early VotingNo Early Voting
Missouri Board of Elections
Illinois
Deadline to register new voters: Oct. 6
Deadline to register online:Oct. 18
Deadline to request an absentee mail-in ballot: Received in election office by 5 p.m. on Oct 29(Request an Absentee ballot)
Return deadline for mail-in ballot: Postmarked by Nov. 3 and received by Nov. 17
Early VotingOct. 19 - Nov. 2
Illinois Board of Elections
Register to Vote
Request an Absentee Ballot
Voter Registration Status
Sign-up for Election Reminders
Where to Vote In-Person
Use the Missouri polling place search feature to find where you can submit your vote in person.
Become a Poll Worker
Poll workers are in great demand right now. Poll workers are paid for their service
on Election Day and often for attending training sessions prior to Election Day. Your
local election authority determines how much you will be paid, but in Missouri the
daily pay ranges from about $64 to about $100.
Be a Poll Worker
More Voter Resources
COVID-19 Election Information
Missouri COVID-19 Election Information
Illinois COVID-19 Election Information
All States COVID-19 Election Information
Fair Elections Center’s "Registering and Voting in the Era of COVID-19” Report
STLCC Employee Election Day Voter Rights
Election Day Voting Rights
Aug. 4, 2020, is an election day in Missouri. As a Missouri-based employer, we adhere
to Missouri law. The College will follow the provisions of the law allowing time off
to vote as stated in RsMo. 115.639.1. As a reminder, the following voting laws apply:
Employees who are qualified and eligible to vote shall be relieved from duties at
the College for a period of time for voting, which period will not exceed three (3)
successive hours including off duty time, between the opening and closing of the polls
on the day of the election.
Employees whose work schedule gives them three successive hours off on Election Day
between the opening and the closing of the polls would not be eligible for any paid
time off for the purpose of voting.
In providing the period of successive hours between the opening and the closing of
the polls, if any scheduled working time is involved, the employee shall be paid for
that part of the scheduled working time for which it is necessary for the employee
to be absent, provided that the employee has, prior to election day, contacted his/her
supervisor and requested to be absent from work for the purpose of voting.
The supervisor has the right to specify the time that employees shall be relieved
from duties so as to provide the successive hours for voting and the supervisor may
assign employees to different voting time off periods so as to maintain sufficient
coverage at the College.
We encourage all employees to participate in this important civic process. Please
feel free to contact Robin Phillips, Associate Vice Chancellor, Human Resources at
314-539-5220 or robinphillips@stlcc.edu if you have any questions.
Find a Volunteer Notary
Some Missouri absentee and mail-in ballots may require notarization. This is a list
of notaries who have volunteered to assist Missouri voters in getting their mail-in
or absentee ballot envelopes notarized at no charge.Find a Missouri Notary
STLCC Library Guide on the 2020 Election
For more information on the 2020 election, check out STLCC Library's 2020 election guide.
Vote 411 First-time Voter Checklist
Use Vote 411's First-tim voter checklist, if its your first-time voting, to make sure you're prepared to vote in the next
election.
Ballotopedia
The online encyclopedia of American politics and elections, Ballotopedia covers local,
state and federal politics. Neutral, accurate, and verifiable information on government
officials and the offices they hold, political issues and public policy, elections,
candidates, and the influencers of politics, written by a professional editorial staff.
Project Vote Smart
Vote Smart's mission is to provide free, factual, unbiased information on candidates
and elected officials to ALL Americans.
Vote.org
To turn out the vote among young people and people of color, Vote.org partners with
corporations and other organizations in the civic space, including Gannett Media Group's
USA Today, Vote Save America, and The Andrew Goodman Foundation.
Campus Vote Project’s State Student Guides
Campus Vote Project’s State Student Guides have voter registration deadlines, ID requirements,
and more information about the process of how, where, and when to vote.
Rock the Vote
Rock the Vote has created this state-specific election update site.
©
Back to top