http://www.library.gatech.edu/visitor-policy
Skip to main content
Close
Face masks are REQUIRED in the Library at all times.
Covid-19 Information:
Campus-wide status updates & guidelines
Library-specific updates & policies
Breadcrumb
Home
About the Library
Visitor Policy
Visitor Policy
The Georgia Tech Library is committed to serving the lifelong research needs of our alumni and broader community of users. Visitors are welcome to use library facilities for scholarly research and educational purposes:
To conduct research. Activities could include, but are not limited to, the following:
Patents & Trademark Research
Government Documents Related Research, e.g. obtain a tax form
Access Georgia Tech electronic resources and archives and special collections.
To meet/consult with a librarian/archivist, library staff (with an appointment)
To study, e.g. a student from another college (domestic or international) or a high school student
To participate in programs / events that are held in the Library buildings
Non Georgia Tech affiliated visitors are allowed in the buildings during the following times:
Monday - Sunday from 7:00 a.m. until 7:00 p.m.
Exceptions to the restricted visitor hours:
University System of Georgia (USG) and Emory University Faculty, Staff, and Students will be allowed access by showing current school id to the Security Officer and registering on the Visitor Log Book.
To participate in programs / events that are held in the Library buildings
To meet / consult with a librarian / archivist (with an appointment)
Expectations of library users who are not affiliated with Georgia Tech:
Compliance with Campus Space Use Procedures
Institute visitors to the library are expected to be respectful and courteous to faculty, students, and staff members. Inappropriate behaviors involving excessive noise, loud conversations, and behavior that creates a distraction for others or an environment unconducive to academic study and research will result in termination of library access privileges.
Computer Use Policy
Due to Covid-19 restrictions visitor computing is unavailable.
Non Georgia Tech affiliated visitors may use library facilities for research and educational purposes. To honor this commitment, community access workstations are located on the Library Grove Level. The following procedures govern the use of community access workstations in the Library by visitors:
Subject to availability. Access is limited to one use of up to one hour per day. Wait times will vary, depending on the number of visitors in line to use the community access workstations.
Appropriate use of library computers is that which is consistent with the academic, research, and service goals of the institution. The Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) provides the guiding principles for use of Information Technology (IT) Resources at Georgia Tech. Failure to comply with these will result in the termination of library and computer access privileges.
Inappropriate activities include but are not limited to the following:
Playing games / watching videos; downloading illegal files (pirated movies, software, music, etc)
Viewing pornography or other content that creates a distraction for others or an environment unconducive to academic study and research.
Accessing any social media sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, lnstagram, Snapchat, etc)
Checking e-mail.
Job searching, applying for jobs online, or resume editing.
Conducting business activities.