http://www.olin.edu/privacy-policy/
Home Privacy Policy
News
November 9, 2020
Mark Somerville Named New Provost and Dean of Faculty at Olin College
Read More
October 19, 2020
Barabino Elected to National Academy of Medicine
Read More
October 15, 2020
SCOPE 2020-2021: COVID-19 Can’t Stop These Students from Making an Impact
Read More
Privacy Policy
Olin College of Engineering has adopted the following policy with regard to the collection, use and dissemination of personal information that may be requested or required of persons visiting the olin.edu web site.
Personal Data:
Personal information about you is not gathered when you visit the Olin College web site unless you choose to supply that information to us (for example, by filling out an inquiry or application form).
Disclosure to Third Parties:
Olin College will not sell, rent or otherwise share collected information with third parties unless the third party is an institutionally-authorized provider of services to the College. Users of these services are subject to the privacy policies established by the third party provider. Olin College reserves the right to disclose this information under special circumstances, such as in connection with judicial proceedings or if, in the sole discretion of the College, disclosure is necessary to protect the interests of Olin College.
Other Use of Data:
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
The only cookies in use on our site are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it.
Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
Security:
The Olin College network has security measures in place to protect against any misuse, alteration, or loss of information associated with the College web site. However, due to the nature of the Internet, there is no guarantee that any data transmitted can be completely secured. Therefore, any data is submitted at your own risk. Olin College will follow best security practices and will make our best effort to maintain the security of information through the use of secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access.
Links to Other Sites:
The College web site contains links to a number of independently run web sites both internal and external to the "olin.edu" domain. Olin College is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites, and strongly suggests that you refer to their privacy statements, if available.
Contact for Questions or Comments
Please contact webmaster@olin.edu with your queries or comments.
Blog Disclaimer
The opinions expressed by Olin bloggers and commenter’s are theirs alone, and do not necessarily represent the views or policies of Olin College or its employees. Olin College makes no representations about the accuracy of the information presented in its blogs.