http://www.mdsg.umd.edu/topics/how-you-can-help/how-you-can-help
Skip to main content
How You Can Help
Improving the health of the Chesapeake Bay and its watershed may seem like a daunting task. But as big as the challenge is, there are many things that Marylanders can do to help — and that will make a difference. Some are very simple.
Here are 10 things that you and your community can do to help keep Maryland’s most important natural resource healthy for generations:
Pick up that litter: Keep trash out of the Bay.
Use less fertilizer — or none at all: Lawn fertilizers are a big contributor of nutrient pollution to the Bay. If you do fertilize, do so only in the fall, not the spring.
Install a rain garden or barrel: Collectors like these can be installed around your home and help to reduce the amount of storm water reaching local waterways.
Clean up after Fido: Scooping your pet’s poop is good for the Bay, since animal feces contains lots of nutrients and bacteria. And it’s good for your shoes, too.
Park it: Auto emissions contribute more than a third of the excess nitrogen that’s flushed into the Bay each year. So try to drive less and instead bike, walk, carpool, or take public transportation.
Turn off your lights: Power plant emissions are also a big source of nitrogen pollution to the Bay, so reducing your electricity use can help.
Watch that drain: Oils, antifreeze, paints, and prescription drugs can do harm when flushed. Contact your waste management service to see how you can best dispose of these items.
Check your septic: Leaky or failing septic systems leach nutrients and bacteria into rivers, streams, and groundwater. Have your system inspected once a year.
Contact your representatives: Tell your municipal, state, and federal representatives that you support policies that ensure a healthy and productive Chesapeake.
Volunteer: Contact a local watershed group or similar organization to see how you can help clean up your local stream or river. And get out and get dirty!
(This list was adapted from one published by the Maryland Department of the Environment.)
Going Further
Maryland Sea Grant offers these additional ideas and resources for those who want to help the Chesapeake.
Rain Gardens: Discover how to plan, fund, and install a rain garden project in your yard or community.
Oyster Gardening: Grow oysters off your own dock or community pier for use in restoration and education projects.
Watershed Stewards: Become trained to lead efforts in your community to improve the health of your local waterways. Check out the watershed stewards academy in your area.
Donate to Maryland Sea Grant
Please consider making a financial donation to Maryland Sea Grant to support our missions of research, education, and public outreach.
Main Menu (levels 2-3)
Bay Issues Guide
Ecosystems and Restoration
How You Can Help
Oyster Gardening
Rain Gardens
Watershed Stewards
Chesapeake Bay Facts and Figures
Crabs, Oysters, Other Animals
Coastal Flooding and Climate Change
Water Safety
Bay Culture
Program Announcements
Knauss legislative fellowships in Congress help build careers — and they're fun and educational. See our video and fact sheet for details.
Maryland Sea Grant has program development funds for start-up efforts or strategic support for emerging areas of research. Apply here.
Upper-level undergraduates are invited to apply for the Maryland Sea Grant REU program. This is a great opportunity to conduct research with a mentor and spend a summer by the Chesapeake Bay. Apply Here
Maryland Sea Grant will host a webinar to discuss expectations for research projects as well as developing the outreach sections of the pre- and full proposals. December 14 at noon. Register here.
Graduate Students: Apply for the Knauss Marine Policy fellowship program through February 19.
The Maryland Sea Grant College seeks pre-proposals for its next funding cycle, February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2024. Find out more here.
News and Blogs
November 23, 2020
Cultivating Culture: Highlighting the resiliency of shellfish farmers and watermen in uncertain times
October 27, 2020
Chesapeake Quarterly: We’d like to hear from you
September 29, 2020
Turning the Tide: New film highlights work of the Chesapeake Bay Sentinel Site Cooperative
Video Gallery
Sea Grant Film Explores a Diminishing Smithville
Smithville is a community on Maryland’s Eastern Shore, on the edge of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. A century ago, Smithville had more than 100 residents. Today, it has four, in two homes: an elderly couple, and one elderly woman and her son, who cares for her.
More Videos • Read More
Featured Fellow
Anna WindleAnna Windle uses satellites and drones to study water quality in Chesapeake Bay. In her spare time, Anna enjoys swimming, biking, and running to train for triathlons.
Read more
Featured Research Project
Discrimination of Phytoplankton Taxa in the Optically Complex Waters of Chesapeake Bay
A spectral library of remote sensing reflectance for major phytoplankton taxonomic groups in the Chesapeake Bay will be developed using measured and modeled inherent optical properties as inputs into radiative transfer equations (HydroLight TM). The spectral library will be used to develop a phytoplankton discrimination algorithm in order to distinguish major phytoplankton taxa and sediment types in Chesapeake Bay waters.
Read more
The Blue Crab: Callinectes Sapidus
An essential resource for researchers, students, and managers.  Get your copy today!
Chesapeake Quarterly Magazine
Chesapeake Quarterly June 2020
View Current Issue
Subscribe
5825 University Research Court, Suite 1350 | College Park, MD 20740 | Phone: (301) 405-7500 | Fax: (301) 314-5780 | Contact Us
About Us
Welcome and Mission
Our Achievements
Employment
Our Office / Directory
Donate
Privacy Policy
Research
Our Priorities
Funding
For Funded Researchers
eSeaGrant Portal
Current Research Projects — list
Search Research Projects
Search Research Publications
Education
Our Programs
K-12 Resources
Research Experiences for Undergraduates
Puerto Rico Undergraduate Education Initiative
Undergraduate Multimedia Internship
Graduate Fellowships
Fellowship Experiences: A Students' Blog
Communities
Our Services
Coastal Climate Resilience
Economics
Fisheries and Aquaculture
Seafood Safety and Technology
Water Issues and Restoration
Bay Issues
Bay Issues Guide
Ecosystems and Restoration
How You Can Help
Chesapeake Bay Facts and Figures
Crabs, Oysters, Other Animals
Coastal Flooding and Climate Change
Water Safety
Bay Culture
©2020 Maryland Sea Grant. All rights reserved.