http://www.library.utoronto.ca/online-privacy-data-collection
Skip to main content
COVID-19: Updates on library services and operations.
Online privacy and data collection
At the University of Toronto Libraries, we care about your privacy. We provide this privacy statement to let you know what information we collect, how we use it, and how we protect it.
We only collect personal information if you knowingly provide it to us. For example, when you request a service or give feedback through an online form that requires your personal information, we only use this information to respond to your questions or provide you with requested services.
Personal information that you provide in order to use any University of Toronto Libraries services will be protected in accordance with FIPPA, the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. We will not disclose any personal data we collect from you to any party in a manner that would identify you, except to fulfill your service request or where required by law. Learn more about FIPPA and its application at the University of Toronto.
We will never share your information with a third party without your consent or use it for commercial marketing purposes.
If we become aware of a breach of your privacy, we will notify you immediately either directly or through online communication channels.
Google Analytics
We use data gathered by Google Analytics to ensure that the site is meeting your needs, and to see where there is room for improvement. All user data that we receive is completely anonymous.  However, your domain name or IP address, may identify you depending on the naming standards followed by your Internet service provider. You may wish to ask them about their polices and practices.
We use Google Analytics to track how you use any .library.utoronto.ca website, including information about:
How long you stay on the site
What search terms you use on the site
Which, and how many, pages you visit while you’re on the site
What page you’re on when you decide to leave the site
If you don’t want Google Analytics to record how you use our websites, you can opt out by using this browser extension or setting your browser to private mode.
Cookies
Our sites also stores small text files known as cookies on your computer. Cookies gather information about how, when, and for how long a user visits a website from a given device. They do not identify you personally. Consult your browser's help files for information about managing cookies.
Questions
Contact us at any time to discuss our data collection policy.