http://www.westdean.org.uk/privacy
Close
Coronavirus update: click here for the changes we’re making to ensure a safe and welcoming campus
Search
Home
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Cookies
Privacy Statement
This statement (together with our Cookie Policy below) sets out how we will process any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us. By visiting our website at https://www.westdean.org.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this statement.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) the organisation is The Edward James Foundation Limited (charity number 1126084 and Company Number: 6689362) of Estate Office, West Dean, Chichester, West Sussex, PO18 0QZ. Our registration number with the Information Commissioner's Office is Z7402406.
1. Data we collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Data you give to us: you may give us personal data by completing forms or transactions on this website or by corresponding with us by telephone, e-mail or post. This includes data you provide when you request information from us or make other enquiries, apply for a course of study or register for an event that we are organising or hosting, subscribe to one or more of our newsletters, place an order on our website, make a donation to us or make a booking. The data you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number, areas of interest, qualifications], financial and credit card information.
Data we collect about you: on each visit to this website we may automatically collect the following data:
technical data, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
data about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from this website (including date and time); products and resources you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any telephone number used to contact us.
Data we receive from other sources: as some of our services are delivered by sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, SagePay and Merac. We may receive data about you from search information providers Google Analytics, also social media analytics from Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest and LinkedIn
2. What we do with your data
We process data held about you in the following ways:
to carry out our contractual obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other courses, events, products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already applied or registered for or enquired about. This data is processed on the basis of legitimate interest.
to notify you about changes to our courses and events on the basis of legitimate interest.
to ensure that content from this website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
to provide you with details of fundraising appeals or campaigns that support our work, and to process any Gift Aid donations and reclaim appropriate tax reliefs, on the basis of legitimate interest
Data we collect about you: we will use this data:
to administer this website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve this website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of this website, when you choose to do so; and
as part of our efforts to keep this website safe and secure.
3. Disclosure of your data
Except as set out below and unless otherwise stated on the relevant form collecting your data, we will not disclose your data to third parties.
Your data may be disclosed to third parties:
where we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or are legally permitted to disclose or share it;
in order to enforce or apply any contractual agreements entered into between us or the terms of any student or staff policies;
to protect our rights, property, or safety, and those of our staff, students and other users of this website, or our services or resources or any other person (including but not limited to third parties who claim that you have infringed their intellectual property rights and/or privacy rights). This data sharing includes the legal basis for exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection,
to any third parties who accredit our courses and/or provide part of their delivery and assessment, on the basis of legitimate interest;
to analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of this website, on the basis of legitimate interest;
to subcontractors who assist us in the delivery and administration of this website and our courses, events, products and services, on the basis of legitimate interest;
4. Where we store your personal data
All data you provide to us is stored on our secure services in the UK or with our chosen system providers who are Privacy Shield Certified. Any payment transactions will be encrypted [using SSL technology]. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of this website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential and not sharing it with anyone else.
We will do our best to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to this website as transfer via the internet is not completely secure; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
5. Your rights: to withdraw consent, be informed, be forgotten, rectification
You have the right to withdraw your consent for processing of your data at any time by contacting us (details below).
The GDPR gives you the right to access data held about you. Your right of access can be exercised by contacting us. We will provide you with details of the data we hold about you within 30 days.
Right to be forgotten: An unsubscribe option is automatically included in the footer of every email newsletter you receive, should you wish to remove yourself from our eNewsletter list.
Upon request we will also permanently delete your record and all data associated with it.
Right to rectification: You may update your data at any time to correct information we hold about
Right to Object: if you have any concerns or objections then contact us at the email or address below.
Please direct any of the above requests to email: dataprotection@westdean.org.uk Or Attn: Data Controller, The Edward James Foundation Limited, Estate Office, West Dean, Chichester, West Sussex, PO18 0QZ,
6. Data retention policy
We normally retain contact data for three years unless there is a legal/contractual requirement to retain beyond this.
Some student data is retained for the lifetime of the student to reflect the ongoing relationship with the College and some Alumni records are retained indefinitely as there is an expectation that Higher Education Colleges should retain a permanent core record of students and courses studied (see Data Protection Guidance for Students).
7. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy statement in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
8. Links
This website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner organisations, affiliated bodies and other third parties. If you follow any of these links, please be aware that these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
9. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy statement should be addressed to email: dataprotection@westdean.org.uk
Cookie Policy
1. About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. They can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website. Some cookies are necessary for the website to work e.g. to remember what's in your shopping basket while others are used for administration, reporting and advertising purposes.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
2. Cookies on this website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website. We may send to you the following cookies:
WESTDEAN_SESSION
WESTDEAN_AUTH
D3R_CK
Cookie (2) is a session cookie, whereas cookies (1) are (3) are persistent cookies.
By continuing to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
3. How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
(1) to recognise your computer when you visit our website;
(2) to improve the website's usability;
(3) to analyse the use of our website;
(4) in the administration of this website;
(5) to personalise our website for you.
4. Third party cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies. or service providers may send you cookies. They may use the information they obtain from your use of their cookies:
(1) to track your browser across multiple websites;
(2) to build a profile of your web surfing;
(3) to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
In addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Most cookies encountered when browsing this website are considered third party cookies. This simply means the web site has used a feature supplied by an external provider, such as Google Mapswhich sets the cookie. Third party cookies are not inherently more or less risky than first party cookies. The only thing to bear in mind is that the external provider, not us, determines what type of information is stored and how it is used.
5. Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(1) in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector
(2) in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options", and un-checking "Accept cookies from sites" in the "Privacy" box.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use the shopping basket on this website.
6. Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
(1) in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;
(2) in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you "clear private data" (this setting can be changed by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Settings" in the "Private Data" box) and then clicking "Clear private data" in the "Tools" menu.
Obviously, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
7. Contact us
This website is owned and operated by The Edward James Foundation Limited (Charity number 1126084. Company Number: 6689362)
If you have any questions about our cookies or this Cookie Policy, please contact us directly - Attn: Head of Marketing, email:
marketing@westdean.org.uk
<script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/picturefill/2.3.1/picturefi