https://www.campbell.edu/policies/title-ix/
Skip to content
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in the university’s programs and activities. Campbell University is committed to providing a safe and non-discriminatory learning, living, and working environment for all members of the university community. Campbell is fortunate to have a safe campus. Nevertheless, the possibility of sexual harassment, stalking, rape, date rape, and sexual assault exists, just as it exists on any campus.
Campbell does not discriminate on the basis of sex, gender, or sexual orientation in any of its education or employment programs and activities. The university will respond to complaints or reports about prohibited conduct with measures designed to stop the behavior, eliminate any such discrimination, prevent the recurrence of the prohibited conduct, and remediate any adverse effects of such conduct on campus or in university-related programs or activities. This may include the implementation of interim restriction(s).
If a student, staff, or faculty member believes they know of a case of sexual misconduct, they should promptly report incidents to the Title IX coordinator:
Kellie Nothstine
Title IX Coordinator
P.O. Box 95
Wallace Student Center, Room 237
Buies Creek, NC, 27506
PHONE 910-893-2039
FAX 910-893-1534
nothstine@campbell.edu
All faculty and staff (including all resident assistants, resident directors, and resident chaplains) who observe or are aware of sexual misconduct are required to immediately report those incidents to the Title IX coordinator. The faculty or staff member should not investigate or try and resolve or mediate the situation.
Sidebar
Policies & Procedures
Anonymous and Obscene Telephone Calls
Privacy Policy
Title IX at Campbell University
Title IX Coordinator
File a Title IX Complaint
Title IX Policies and Procedures
Know Your IX
Education and Training
Tobacco Policy
Weapons & Explosives
Withdrawal Policies
Weather Policy
keyboard_arrow_up
Campbell University sites use cookies. By continuing to use this site you accept our privacy and cookie policy. View our policyAccept