https://www.royalacademy.org.uk/terms-and-conditions
What's On
Plan your visit
Exhibitions
Displays
Events
Architecture programme
Past exhibitions
Masters programme
Event type
Talk
Festival of Ideas
Tour
Workshop
Courses and Classes
RA Lates
Family events
Access events
Teacher events
Friends events
Patrons events
Academicians' Room events
News & Blog
News and blog
Filter
Podcasts
Videos
Categories
Artists
Inside the Academy
Opinion
Our Collection
RA exhibitions
RA recommends
Featured Article
Inside the exhibition: Gauguin and the Impressionists
Art & Artists
Art & Artists
Our Collection
Royal Academicians
RA Schools students and graduates
Upcoming exhibitions
Search the Collection
Summer Exhibition
Young Artists' Summer Show
Featured Artist
Rana Begum RA Elect (b. 1977)
Visit
Plan your visit
Eating and drinking
The Keeper's House
The Academicians' Room
Contact us
Families
Teachers and schools
Groups
Access
The Royal Academy is now open with new health and safety measures in place.
Find out more
Join & Support
Support us
Friends of the RA
The Academicians' Room
RA Patrons
Gift Memberships
Leave a gift in your will
Trusts and foundations
Royal Academy Trust
Royal Academy America
Corporate support
Become a member and visit for free
Join now
Shop
Summer Exhibition Online
Sign in
My account
Looking for one of our artists or something from our Collection? Try our new search feature
We use cookies to improve your experience online. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our
cookies policy.
The RA is open, but you may only visit with your household, not as a mixed group. If you need to re-book, please contact us at 020 7300 8090 or tickets@royalacademy.org.uk.
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Visiting during coronavirus
Friends membership
Pre-packaged Friends memberships
RA250 membership
RA250 membership benefits
Exhibitions
Events programme
Courses and classes
RA Lates
Family events
Patron events
The Academicians’ Room
Fundraising events
Venue Hire
RA Magazine Recipe Competition (Summer 2020)
LEGO Architecture Challenge 2020
Grayson Perry Plate
Become a Friend
Terms and conditions
These terms and conditions (the “Terms”) apply to all purchases of merchandise and publications made by you through the website under the domain name www.royalacademy.org.uk (the “Website”). Please read these Terms carefully before using the Website. By using the Website, you signify your agreement to be bound by these Terms.
Disclaimer
The online shop on this Website is maintained by R.A. Enterprises Ltd (“RAE”), the trading company of the Royal Academy of Arts. Orders for merchandise and publications are placed with RAE.
RAE is a company registered in England and Wales (no. 1666333). RAE’s registered address is Burlington House, Piccadilly, London, W1J 0BD United Kingdom. VAT Registration No. 100 1935 71.
Orders for Membership of The Friends of the Royal Academy of Arts and for Summer Exhibition Entry are placed with different companies within the Royal Academy ‘group’ and governed by separate terms and conditions.
For further information, or in the event of a complaint, please contact webmaster@royalacademy.org.uk
Availability, prices and information
The products on the Website are offered subject to availability.
All prices are in £ sterling, including tax where applicable, and must be paid in full including the delivery charge which is an additional charge. Customers and not RAE are responsible for customs duty and taxes prevailing in their own country.
RAE takes every care to ensure its product descriptions, price, colour and availability are accurate. However, there may be some changes which are beyond RAE’s control and variations are to be expected in handmade products. Sizes are given as a guide only.
Ordering
RAE will treat each order for goods, which is confirmed when you click on the “Submit order” button on the Check Your Order screen, as an offer by you to purchase the goods and services subject to these Terms. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your order and RAE shall supply you, subject to availability, with the quantity and specification of goods set out in your order. RAE shall confirm each order by e-mail and such confirmation shall be RAE’s acceptance of the contract. Products will be delivered to the address you indicate on the Check Your Order screen. The risk of damage to or loss of the products passes to you at the time of delivery.
Payment
You can pay for your order online using American Express, MasterCard, Visa and their debit card alternatives. RAE also accepts Maestro and Switch, but it is unable to accept non-UK Electron. RAE does not retain your card details after processing your payment.
Returns and Damaged Goods
The following state the provisions of the Terms relating to returns and damaged goods. They do not affect any statutory rights that you may have as a consumer.
By law, customers in the EU have the right to withdraw from the purchase of the Goods before you are notified that any of the Goods have been dispatched. In addition, you have the right to cancel your purchase within 14 days of the day after the date your Goods have been delivered (the statutory cooling off period). You must notify RAE of your wish to cancel your purchase (see Refunds and Returns page), and complete the Certificate of Authenticity. You must then return the unwanted Goods, unused and with the original packaging within 14 days of notifying RAE of your decision to cancel. RAE will then reimburse you the purchase price within 14 days of receipt of the returned Goods. Please note that unless they are defective, RAE cannot refund or exchange Goods that have been personalised or earrings suitable for pierced ears.
In the unlikely event that your Goods arrive faulty or damaged, please contact the e-commerce team (mailorder@royalacademy.org.uk) to arrange the return of these Goods. Please also state the nature of the defect and let us know if you would prefer a refund, a replacement, or where possible, a repair. Please note that Goods that are unique cannot be replaced. All faulty or damaged Goods shall be returned in the original packaging with all relevant documentation including the Certificate of Authenticity. Please ensure the correct return postage has been paid. This will also be refunded when you return the Goods to RAE.
RAE recommends that you use a recorded delivery service or obtain a Certificate of Posting, as the parcel remains your responsibility until it reaches RAE. RAE’s returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Goods should be returned to RAE at:
Mail Order Dept.
Burlington House
Piccadilly
London
W1J 0BD
Service access
While RAE endeavours to ensure that this Website is normally available 24 hours a day, RAE will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to this Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond RAE’s control.
Privacy policy
RAE respects your privacy and will use the information you provide to fulfil your order. Your placement of an order is taken as consent to this process. Customer and order data may be used as part of statistical analysis. RAE will give you the option of receiving further information from it, and from other selected organisations, when you make your purchase. RAE will treat your personal data in accordance with the Royal Academy of Arts’ privacy policy.
Links
Connected websites that can be accessed via links from this Website are subject to separate terms and conditions. You must therefore read those terms and conditions carefully before using the connected sites.
Links to third party websites on this Website are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave this Website. RAE makes no representations as to the security, quality or propriety of any website which may be accessed through this Website and accepts no liability for the content of for any loss or damage caused or alleged to have been caused by the use of or reliance on information contained in such websites or goods or services purchased from them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Amendments
RAE reserves the right to amend or revise these Terms at any time without notice. Any changes to the Terms apply with immediate effect from the date of publication on the Website. By continuing to use this Website after any changes are made you accept those changes and they are binding on you.
Limitation of liability
RAE’s liability to you is limited to refunding the price of the products as provided above. RAE is not responsible to you to any greater extent and in particular is not liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss (including without limitation financial loss such as loss of profit, or otherwise) that you may incur as a consequence of its failure to comply with these Terms. This clause does not operate to exclude or limit RAE’s liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by its negligence.
Law and jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes arising in relation to the Website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Contact
If you would like further information regarding our products or services, please telephone the RAE Mail Order on +44 (0)20 7300 5841 or email mailorder@royalacademy.org.uk. Our opening hours are Monday to Friday: 09:30 to 17:00 BST.
These Terms were issued on 29 June 2020
Visiting during coronavirus
Due to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the exhibition programme for the remainder of 2020 has changed. Please check our Plan your visit page for a summary of changes. Tickets purchased for exhibitions with revised dates will remain valid and can be transferred to the revised date of your visit.
Group Bookings: due to government social distancing restrictions we are unable to offer any group bookings, this excludes family or household groups of up to six people.
If you are feeling unwell, please do not visit the RA, we will refund you your ticket.
Refunds shall be authorised up until and including the date of your visit. please call the RA box office on 0207 300 8090 or email
tickets@royalacademy.org.uk.
However, if you wish to donate the cost of your exhibition or event ticket instead of requesting a refund, you would be helping support the RA at this difficult time. We are an independent charity and we don’t receive revenue funding from the government, so we are reliant upon the support of visitors, donors, sponsors, and the loyal Friends of the Royal Academy. Thank you.
Terms and conditions of Friends membership
These terms and conditions (“the Terms”) apply to your membership of the Royal Academy of Arts (“your “Membership”). Please read these Terms carefully.
For information requests, or in the event of a complaint, please contact us at friends@royalacademy.org.uk or call on +44 (0)20 7300 8090.
Orders for Membership of The Friends of the Royal Academy of Arts are placed with Friends of the Royal Academy (“Friends”). Friends is a company registered in England and Wales (no. 0129153) and a registered charity (no. 272926). Friends’ registered address is Burlington House, Piccadilly, London W1J 0BD. VAT Registration No. 242 1273 01.
Prices and information
All prices for Membership are annual payments in £ sterling, including tax where applicable. You can see the benefits provided to Friends here: Friends benefits
Children under 16 can visit the Royal Academy for free.
Young Friends membership is for those aged 16 to 25 years, and admits the named card holder and one adult family member.
Standard Friends membership is for one adult, and admits the named card holder and one adult family member.
Joint Friends membership is for two adults (One Primary and one Secondary card holder) living at the same address, and admits the two named card holders and two adult family members.
Primary Cardholders: Will be the payee of the membership donation and will be authorised to change payment, address, name and contact details, book tickets and cancel memberships.
Secondary Cardholders: Will be authorised to book tickets only and update their own name and contact details only.
What Does the Term “Family Member” Mean?
HMRC rules refer to family members, not a guest of the family.
The RA can only claim Gift Aid on the whole of the membership subscription if the right of admission is restricted to the individual Friend and members of the individual’s family. Please do call the Membership Team if you require further information on this on 0207 300 8090 or email friends@royalacademy.org.uk.
Ordering
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the details you provide to us and, subject to receiving your payment, we will supply you with the Membership requested. We will confirm your Membership by email if you have given us your email address, or if not, by post.
We will send your Membership card within 14 days of receipt of your payment, except for direct debit payments, where your membership card will be sent within 14 days from receipt of the original direct debit instruction. Your Membership card will be posted to the address you provide in the delivery instructions for your order.
If you have selected Membership as a gift for another individual we will arrange to send the Membership card to the beneficiary, or as indicated in your order, within 14 days.
In the event that you elect to pay by direct debit but fail to return the direct debit authorisation, no Membership card will be issued to you. If your direct debit payment is rejected or cancelled, then we will contact you to try to arrange payment, but we reserve the right to cancel your Membership.
Membership packs are usually dispatched within 10-14 working days. Please note there may be some delays over the Christmas period.
Payment
You can pay for your Membership online by credit card using American Express, Mastercard or by Visa, or by phone by calling +44(0) 20 7300 8090. You can also pay for your recurring Membership by direct debit online, by downloading the relevant Membership form and sending it to the Royal Academy, or by phone. Alternatively, payment can be made in person at the Membership Desk in the entrance hall of Burlington House by direct debit or credit card. During coronavirus we are going cashless on site at the RA.
Membership
Your Membership will last for one year, unless otherwise stated, until the end of the expiry month specified on your Membership card. After that you may renew your Membership for subsequent periods of one year and you acknowledge that the price for Membership may increase and the terms change.
Friends gain entry to the Royal Academy of Arts during opening hours by showing their Membership card. Additional identification for admittance ay be required on occasion.
Your Membership is non-transferable so that only you will be able to use it. In the event of card misuse, the Royal Academy reserves the right to withdraw your Membership (with payment for Membership being forfeited) and restrict you from becoming a member of the Royal Academy in the future.
You acknowledge and accept that, on occasion, the published dates of Friends previews may be changed or, where exhibitions are exceptionally busy, we may require you to make a timed booking to see an exhibition. In addition, there may be some days on which the Royal Academy is closed to the public, for example for the installation of a new exhibition. You will be notified by email if we hold your email address and in the RA magazine if this were to occur, but please also check the RA website for up to date details of opening times and bookings required.
During coronavirus it is essential that all visitors including Friends of the RA pre-book an exhibition ticket. Friends can do this by booking online or calling the Ticketing Team on 0207 300 8090 or email, [ticketing@royalacademy.org.uk](mailto:ticketing@royalacademy.org.uk].
Redeeming the cost of an exhibition against a Friends membership
If you have bought a ticket to one of our exhibitions and then decide to buy a Friends’ membership on the same day, you may be able to redeem the cost of your exhibition tickets from the price of Friends of the RA membership. Only exhibition tickets purchased on the day may be redeemed and these are limited to two tickets for a single Friends membership (standard, RA250 and RA250 Supporter) one ticket for young membership, and four tickets for joint memberships. Please bring your exhibition tickets to the Membership Desk, in the entrance hall of Burlington House and we will redeem them against your Friends membership purchase. Dual exhibition tickets that are valid for entry to more than one exhibition will be counted as two tickets.
Preview days
During Coronavirus we cannot guarantee entry for all Friends to attend exhibition preview days due to the social distancing we must adhere to in the galleries. Attendance to preview days will therefore be given on a first come first served basis at the time of booking.
Online access
While the Royal Academy endeavours to ensure that its website is available 24 hours a day, neither the Friends of the Royal Academy or the Royal Academy itself will be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable in part or whole at any time or for any period. Access to the RA website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the Royal Academy’s control.
Non-refundable
When you pay for your Membership either online, by phone, by post or in person, we will confirm your Membership straight away and you can start receiving the Membership benefits straight away. Memberships are treated as a donation to the Royal Academy of Arts and as such are non-refundable.
The Royal Academy has the right to revoke memberships without refund at any time if the member has displayed unacceptable behaviour to members of staff or other members of the public.
*Membership transfers
We are happy to consider a transfer of a Friends membership in exceptional circumstances. Please call the Membership Team on 0207 300 8090 or email friends@royalacademy.org.uk to discuss individual circumstances.
10% discount in RA Shop
Friends receive a 10% discount in the RA Shop. To use this discount in person, simply show your Friends membership card to the RA Shop staff. Alternatively, if you choose to use this discount for online purchases please quote the special Friends code on the checkout page of your purchases, we also send out the Friends discount code in your weekly Friends e-newsletter.ly Friends.
The Friends discount cannot be applied on-sale items and also excludes RA Art Sales, limited-edition prints or custom prints, limited-edition books, limited-edition merchandise, magazine subscriptions, RA Friends membership, gift vouchers, glassware, Print on Demand or RA Paints. It is not valid in conjunction with any other discount or promotion.
Amendments
We reserve the right to amend or revise these Terms at any time without notice. Any changes to the Terms apply to your Membership with immediate effect from the date of publication on the RA website.
Your data
You have provided us with your personal data for your Membership. Your personal data will be managed respectfully and responsibly in accordance with our privacy policy which can be found at royalacademy.org.uk/privacy.
How we will contact you
If possible, we would like to be able to contact you by email because we feel it is the most efficient and productive way to communicate with you about the wide range of programmes and offers from across the RA.
We will contact you by email if you have given us your email address and we are emailing you in connection with your Membership.
We may in addition contact you for marketing purposes by email if you have given us your consent to do so. This may include requests for your support through a variety of different fundraising initiatives such as requesting donations, inviting you to attend special events, or encouraging you to purchase tickets or products.
If you have provided us with your postal address or telephone number we may send you direct mail or telephone you about our work and our fundraising campaigns, unless you have told us that you would prefer not to receive such information. We will carry out a legitimate interest assessment to ensure that we are satisfied that you would reasonably expect such communications from us and would not consider it to be intrusive. For example, we may want to post you an invitation to an event we think you may be interested in.
Before telephoning you (unless it is in connection with the service we are delivering to you) we will check with the Telephone Preference Service.
Events outside the control of the Royal Academy
If an event occurs which is outside the reasonable control of the Royal Academy, for example strikes, failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God, war, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors, we will not be liable to you as a result of any delay or failure to perform our obligations under these Terms.
Cookies
Please read the Cookies policy
Terms and conditions of pre-packaged Friends memberships
A pre-packaged Friends membership is a membership you purchase by purchasing a physical membership pack via the RA Shop (online and onsite) and then activate later by phone or in person. The terms and conditions for Grab and Go memberships include the standard terms and conditions for Friends memberships, plus the following:
The membership is valid for a year from the date of activation and can be activated by the recipient whenever they want within 6 months of purchase.
To activate the membership the recipient will need to call the RA membership team on 020 7300 8090 within the 6 month period, providing the activation code in the membership pack and giving their relevant personal information so that the RA can process the membership.
The activation code provided in the membership pack will expire 6 months after the purchase date. Expired codes will not be accepted.
Your membership will not automatically renew after it expires.
To renew your membership after the first year you must either
renew online, or over the phone on 020 7300 8090 or at the Membership Desk in the entrance hall of Burlington House at the RA.
Terms and conditions for RA250 Friend and RA250 Supporter memberships
These terms and conditions (“the Terms”) apply to your RA250 Friend or RA250 Supporter membership of the Royal Academy of Arts (your “Membership”). Please read these Terms carefully.
For information requests, or in the event of a complaint, please contact us at friends@royalacademy.org.uk or call us on +44(0)20 7300 8090.
Prices and information
All prices for Membership are annual payments in £ sterling, including tax where applicable. You can see the benefits provided to RA250 Friends & Supporters here: RA250 benefits
Your payment will be treated by the Royal Academy of Arts as a donation.
A standard RA250 Friend or standard RA250 Supporter Membership is for one adult. Both of these Memberships allow you to bring an additional adult family guest with you.
Standard Friends membership is for one adult and admits the named card holder and one adult family guest.
Joint RA250 Friends and joint RA250 Supporter is for two adults (One Primary and one Secondary card holder) living at the same address and admits the two named card holders and two adult family guests.
Primary Cardholders: Will be the payee of the membership donation and will be authorised to change payment, address, name and contact details, book tickets and cancel memberships.
Secondary Cardholders: Will be authorised to book tickets only and update their own name and contact details only.
Alternatively, the option to buy a Joint RA250 Friend or Joint RA250 Supporter Membership referred to above gives an extra card for the respective level of Membership and allows the admittance of the extra card holder and an additional family guest independently of the primary RA250 Friend or RA250 Supporter. The extra card holder must share the same address as the RA250 Friend or Supporter.
Ordering
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the details you provide to us and, subject to receiving your payment, we will supply you with the Membership requested. We will confirm your Membership by email if you have given us your email address, or if not, by post. We will send your Membership card within 14 days of receipt of your payment, except for direct debit payments, where your Membership card will be sent within 14 days from receipt of the original signed direct debit instruction. The Membership card will be posted to the address you provide in the delivery instructions for your order.
In the event that you elect to pay by direct debit but fail to return the direct debit authorisation, no Membership card will be issued to you. If your direct debit payment is rejected or cancelled, then we will contact you to try to arrange payment, but we reserve the right to cancel your Membership.
Payment
You can pay for your Membership online by credit card using American Express, Mastercard or by Visa, or by phone by calling +44(0) 20 7300 8090.
You can also apply to pay for your RA250 Friend or RA250 Supporter Membership by direct debit online, by downloading the relevant Membership form and sending it to the Royal Academy, or by phone.
Alternatively, payment can be made in person at the desk in the Royal Academy foyer by direct debit (if applicable), cheque, cash or credit card.
Membership
Your RA250 Friend or RA250 Supporter Membership will last for one year, until the end of the expiry month specified on your Membership card. After that you may renew your Membership in any of the membership tiers then currently available and you acknowledge that the price for your membership may increase or decrease and the terms may change.
Members gain entry to the Royal Academy of Arts during opening hours by showing their Membership card. Additional identification for admittance may be required on occasion. Your Membership is non-transferable so that only you will be able to use it. In the event of card misuse, the Royal Academy reserves the right to withdraw your Membership (with payment for Membership being forfeited) and restrict you from becoming a member of the Royal Academy in the future.
You acknowledge and accept that, on occasion, the published dates of Friends previews may be changed or, where exhibitions are exceptionally busy, we may require you to make a timed booking to see an exhibition. In addition, there may be some days on which the Royal Academy is closed to the public, for example for the installation of a new exhibition. You will be notified by email if we hold your email address and in the RA magazine if this were to occur, but please also check the RA website for up to date details of opening times and bookings required.
Online access
While the Royal Academy endeavours to ensure that its website is available 24 hours a day, neither the Friends of the Royal Academy or the Royal Academy itself will be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable in part or whole at any time or for any period. Access to the RA website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the Royal Academy’s control.
Non-refundable
When you pay for your Membership either online, by phone, by post or in person, we will confirm your Membership straight away and you can start receiving the Membership benefits straight away.
Your Membership is treated as a donation to the Royal Academy of Arts and as such is non-refundable.
Amendments
We reserve the right to amend or revise these Terms at any time without notice. Any changes to the Terms apply to your Membership with immediate effect from the date of publication on the RA website.
Your data
You have provided us with your personal data for your Membership. Your personal data will be managed respectfully and responsibly, in accordance with our privacy policy.
Events outside the control of the Royal Academy
If an event occurs which is outside the reasonable control of the Royal Academy, for example strikes, failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God, war, terrorism, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors, we will not be liable to you as a result of any delay or failure to perform our obligations under these Terms.
Cookies
Please read our Cookies policy.
RA250 Friend and RA250 Supporters benefits
Invitations to attend
exhibition private views with an art historian led tour
Exhibition private views include an opportunity to view select RA exhibitions with an expert art historian.
Insider Series of events for behind-the-scenes access to the RA Schools and new RA (available to RA250 Friend & Supporter)
RA250 Friends and RA250 Supporters will receive e-invitations to a series of talks and events throughout 2019 and 2020. RA250 Friends and RA250 Supporters will be asked to confirm attendance in an RSVP, as space at the events is limited. Invitations are valid for the RA250 Friend or Supporter only; they cannot be transferred to another guest. Redemption of this benefit is at the discretion of the RA250 Friend or Supporter, as such we do not offer a cash exchange or extension of the benefit should an RA250 Friend or Supporter be unable to attend any of the scheduled Insider Series events.
Invitations to select “VIP Fridays” (available to RA250 Friend & Supporter)
RA250 Friends will be offered access to private views before the Royal Academy opens to the public on select Friday mornings. These events have limited capacity and therefore will need to be booked in advance.
An invitation to the annual exhibition lecture (available to RA250 Friend & Supporter)
RA250 Friends will receive an invitation to attend a lecture in the new RA lecture theatre. Places are limited and RA250 Friends will be asked book places in advance.
Naming recognition as an RA250 Supporter on the walls of the RA (available to RA250 Supporter)
As an RA250 Supporter, you will receive temporary naming recognition on the walls of the Royal Academy. Naming recognition cannot be transferred to a nominated person. An email will be sent to you to confirm this benefit. Should you wish to amend how your name appears, or if you would like to remain anonymous please respond to the confirmation email accordingly. If you do not contact us to opt out of this benefit, your name will be listed as it appears on your membership card. Your name will be displayed from the next scheduled refresh of the display, from the time your membership commences.
Gift recipients of the RA250 Supporter Membership will be asked to opt in to receive the naming recognition benefit. The donor of a gift membership cannot authorise naming recognition for someone else. Your name will be displayed until December 2020. The duration of your name being displayed will be determined by the date of your membership commences.
The Royal Academy will moderate RA250 Supporter names and may in its absolute discretion remove any names which it deems inappropriate or which do not comply with these Terms and Conditions. No refund or compensation is payable to you in these circumstances.
RA250 Supporters are not able to choose the exact location of their name on the display. The Royal Academy may at any time make changes to the display, including its look or feel and its functionality.
The Royal Academy will not be responsible, or liable to the RA250 Supporter or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any information provided by the donor in relation to the display.
Invitations to “VIP Fridays” (available to RA250 Supporter)
RA250 Supporters will be offered access to private views before the Royal Academy opens to the public on selected Friday mornings. These events have limited capacity and therefore will need to be booked in advance.
Invitation to the Summer Exhibition Buyers’ Day before the public opening (available to RA250 Supporter)
RA250 Supporters will receive an invitation to attend the Summer Exhibition Buyers’ Day. Places will be limited, and you will be required to book a place in advance.
General terms and conditions for events:
Invitations will be sent in advance of the event and RA250 Friends and Supporters will be required to book to reserve their place. Events are generally very popular, and we recommend early booking to reserve your space. The event invitation does not guarantee you entry, so please ensure you book your place to confirm attendance. Invitations are non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for other RA events. If your invitation includes a guest, it will be stated on the invitation.
If you are no longer able to attend an event you have booked, please contact friends.events@royalacademy.org.uk to cancel your booking.
Should an event be cancelled or changed by the Royal Academy you will be notified with as much notice as possible. In the rare occurrence of an event cancellation, regrettably the Royal Academy cannot compensate for any expenses, including travel or accommodation. Event guests under 18 years must be accompanied by an adult and are not permitted to drink alcohol.
The Royal Academy reserves the right to refuse admission to any event or experience. Friends and guests consent to the photographing, recording and filming of themselves at the event or experience, such images to be used by the Royal Academy to further its general charitable aims.
Personal belongings and luggage
We regret we cannot accept suitcases, hold-alls or backpacks in the cloakroom or in the galleries at the Royal Academy. Items may be subject to search. Bags must be no larger than 280mm width by 380mm height and 400mm depth. Smoking is prohibited at the Royal Academy. The consumption of food and drink in Burlington House and Burlington Gardens is strictly prohibited outside the restaurants, cafés and bars unless being served by the Royal Academy as part of an event or experience.
We may hold you or your guests liable for any damage caused by you or your guests to our premises or to any of its contents, or for any injury caused to any of our representatives or to other visitors during your visit.
Exhibitions
Tickets
Please be aware due to social distancing restrictions we ask visitors and friends to have their tickets printed or in the format of e-tickets on a smart phone or device. If you have misplaced your ticket, please bring a copy of your booking confirmation email or your booking reference number to the ticketing booth in the courtyard. Please allow extra time to collect your tickets.
If you have booked online and chosen e-tickets, your ticket will be attached to your booking confirmation email in PDF format. Please print these tickets and present them at the entrance of the building.
Under 16s go free to all RA exhibitions and must be accompanied by a fee-paying adult regardless of party size. Due to government social distancing restrictions we are unable to offer any group bookings, this excludes family or household groups of up to six people.
Cancellations, refunds, exchanges
Due to the coronavirus, we are currently offering refunds for all exhibition bookings up until and including the date of your visit.
General terms and conditions for RA Events
The Royal Academy reserves the right to refuse admission to any event.
All RA ticketing procedures are correct at time of publication, but are subject to change without notice.
Ticket holders consent to the photographing, recording and filming of themselves as members of the audience.
Events programme
Including talks, tours, workshops, and some special events.
Tickets
Reductions are available for students, jobseekers and people with disabilities with recognised proof of status.
Please bring your proof of status to show on the door of the event.
If you have chosen to receive your tickets in the post, you should receive them within two weeks of your booking.
Please contact the Ticketing Team if you have not receive your tickets.
If you have chosen to collect your tickets, your tickets will be held for collection on the door of the event. Please bring your booking confirmation email or your booking reference number in order to collect your tickets.
If your booking is made less than a week before the event, your tickets will be held for your collection.
Attending the event: cameras, recording equipment, food and drink are not allowed in lectures.
Cancellations, refunds and exchanges: due to the coronavirus, we are currently offering refunds for all events programme bookings.
Courses and classes
Tickets
Please bring your confirmation email and reference number with you to gain admittance.
No physical ticket will be posted.
Concessions are not available for courses and classes.
Discounts are not available if you are unable to attend a particular day on the course, or if you book the course after the start date.
In the event of a course being full, a waiting list will be in operation on a first-come-first-served basis.
Attending the event
The materials and refreshments that will be provided will be indicated on the materials sent to you in advance.
If you are late attending, you may not be admitted should your admittance disturb other participants.
Cancellations, refunds, exchanges
Due to the coronavirus, we are currently offering refunds for all courses and classes bookings.
RA Lates
Tickets
We do not issue tickets for the lates programme. Please bring your booking reference number and/or a copy of your booking confirmation email to show at the door.
Attending the event
Please check the website for further information about the event, including details of the activities and performances taking place, dress code, and the food and drink available.
Cancellations, refunds, exchanges
Due to the coronavirus, we are currently offering refunds for all events programme bookings.
Family events
Tickets
Your tickets will be posted to you, unless your booking was made less than a week in advance, in which case tickets will held for your collection.
Attending the event
Please refer to your ticket with regards to the time and place to meet.
Cancellations, refunds, exchanges
Due to the coronavirus, we are currently offering refunds for all exhibition and events programme bookings.
Patron events
Tickets
Patrons events are only open to Patrons of the Royal Academy of Arts. These are generally very popular and sell out quickly. We recommend posting your booking form as soon as you receive your copy of the Patron Event Brochure to guarantee a place. Events are also available to book online and go live as soon as the brochure is released.
Post your completed booking form to:
Patrons Office
Royal Academy of Arts
Burlington House, Piccadilly
London W1J 0BD
Reserve a place online
Call: 020 7300 5885
Email: patrons@royalacademy.org.uk
We accept credit card, cheques or bank transfers.
Attending the event
Dietary requirements
If the event booked includes a meal, please let us know of any dietary requirements at least 10 days in advance.
Patrons mobile
If you are lost or running late before an event, please call the Patrons mobile on 07803 008 648.
Cancellations, refunds, exchanges
Due to the coronavirus, we are currently offering refunds for all patron events bookings.
The Academicians’ Room
These terms and conditions (“the Terms”) apply to your purchase of a membership to the Academicians’ Room with RA (Arts) Limited (“Membership”) in response to an invitation to become a member of the Academicians’ Room (“You” or “Member”). Please read these Terms carefully before completing the application form and purchase of your Membership as they will form the basis of the contract between You and RA (Arts) Limited (“Us” or “We”).
1. RA (Arts) Limited
RA (Arts) Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with company registration number 2836364, whose registered office is at Burlington House, Piccadilly, London, W1J 0BD. VAT number is GB 100 1935 71. For information requests, or in the event of a complaint, please contact us at the above address for the attention of: The Academicians’ Room or academiciansroom@raarts.org.uk or telephone 020 7300 5920.
2. Membership Prices and Benefits
Your Membership fee is an annual payment in £ sterling, including tax where applicable. Details of the fees are given separately. We do not retain your card details after processing any card payment. The Membership benefits include:
– Exclusive access to the Academicians’ Room for your and four guests
– RA exhibition entry for you and a guest
– Access to private views and VIP Friday morning views
– Member programme of events
– RA Magazine four times per year
– Priority booking on the full programme of RA events
3. Processing your Membership
If you have been invited to become a Member, then once we receive your completed and signed application form and your Membership monies or direct debit details, we will send you a Membership card. This usually takes no longer than 28 days by post to a mainland UK address. If you would like to benefit from your Membership before receipt of your Membership card, the Academicians’ Room
team can arrange this. Please contact them on academiciansroom@raarts.org.uk or call them on 020 7300 5920 for further details.
In the event that you elect to pay by direct debit but fail to return the direct debit authorisation, no Membership card will be issued to you. If your direct debit payment is rejected or cancelled, then we will contact you to try to arrange payment but we reserve the right to cancel your Membership.
4. Your Membership
Membership will last for one year until the end of the expiry date specified on your Membership card. After that You may renew your Membership for subsequent periods of one year and You acknowledge that the price for Membership may increase and the Terms may change. Any changes to the Terms apply with immediate effect from the date of publication.
You can check changes to the Terms at any time in the Academicians’ Room and we shall email or post the changes to You. We will contact You the month before your card expires to enable You to renew your Membership.
Your Membership is non-transferable so that only You will be able to use it. In the event of card misuse, we reserve the right to withdraw your Membership (with payment for Membership being forfeit) and ban You from Membership in the future.
Members gain free entry to the Academicians’ Room during opening hours by showing their Membership card. Additional identification for admittance may be required on occasion.
You acknowledge and accept that, on occasion, the Academicians’ Room may change the published opening times. Any change will be notified in the Academicians’ Room and/or the Membership newsletter and we will endeavour to notify You in advance by email.
5. Privacy
We respect your privacy and, unless You agree otherwise, we will only process the personal information that You submit in the application form for the purposes of processing your Membership, which will include informing you of forthcoming exhibitions, events, memberships, news, research, competitions and special offers relevant to your Membership and posting information to You where we have a legitimate interest to do so.
The application form gives You the ability to opt in to receive further information by email from across the RA. Your personal data will be managed respectfully and responsibly in accordance with our privacy policy which can be found at royalacademy.org.uk/privacy.
6. House Rules
There are house rules that apply to Membership and form part of the Terms. These are available on request and we will send You a copy in the post with your Membership pack (see clause one for contact details). All Members are bound by the house rules and You agree to comply with them (as such rules may be amended from time to time).
7. Limitation of Liability
No refunds shall be given unless We, through our own fault, are unable to honour the Terms. In such circumstances, You will be entitled, depending on the circumstances, to a partial refund of your Membership payment. Payment in part will be Our exclusive liability to You in respect of the Membership (to the extent permitted by law).
We will not be responsible to You to any greater extent and in particular, shall not be liable to You for loss of revenue, loss of profits, business or goodwill or reputation or any indirect or consequential loss arising from or in connection with your Membership. This clause does not operate to exclude or limit RA (Arts) Limited’s liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by its negligence or caused by its fraud.
8. Termination
Either We or You may at any time by notice in writing to the other terminate this agreement forthwith if the other party commits a material breach of any of its obligations under these Terms and fails to remedy such breach (if the same is capable of remedy) within 30 days of being given written notice specifying the breach and requiring its remedy. If You wish to terminate your Membership then You can do so by contacting Us
using the details given in Clause 1.
9. Third Parties
No third party shall have any rights under or in relation to the Terms.
10. Force Majeure
For the purposes of these Terms, Force Majeure Event means an event beyond the reasonable control of RA (Arts) Limited including but not limited to strikes, failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God, terrorism, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm or default of
suppliers or subcontractors. RA (Arts) Limited shall not be liable to You as a result of any delay or failure to perform its obligations under these Terms as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
11. Severance and Waiver
If a court or any other competent authority finds that any provision of the Terms (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other Terms shall not be affected.
No failure or delay by Us to exercise any right or remedy provided under these Terms or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall preclude or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
12. Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and the contract of which they form part shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Any disputes arising in relation to the subject matter of these Terms or the Terms themselves shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Fundraising events
These terms and conditions apply to the RA’s fundraising events including the Summer Exhibition Preview Party and the Schools Annual Dinner and Auction.
1.
Tickets and Admission
Concessions and discounts are not available for fundraising events.
Tickets are sent out by post approximately two weeks prior to the event.
Each ticket must be assigned to a named individual and will not be issued without guest names.
If you have chosen to collect your tickets, they will be held for collection on the door of the event.
Please bring ID in order to collect your tickets.
If your booking is made less than a week before the event, your tickets will be held for collection rather than being posted.
Once tickets sell out, a waiting list will be in operation on a first-come-first-served basis.
The entirety of the ticket price covers the cost of admission – no part is a donation.
Please check the event page on the website or contact the Events Team for further information about the event, including details of the activities and performances taking place, dress code, and the food and drink available.
Please refer to your ticket with regards to the entrance to use and the time of admission.
2.
Cancellations, refunds, exchanges
Refunds are not issued for RA fundraising events.
If the event must be rescheduled due to extenuating circumstances then tickets will be valid for the new date.
Refunds will only be issued if the event is rescheduled, or if the RA is required to cancel tickets in order to reduce attendance.
If ticket buyers cannot attend, they may transfer their tickets to another named individual. If tickets have already been issued in one name, this ticket must be physically exchanged for the replacement.
3.
General
The RA reserves the right to refuse admission to any event.
All RA ticketing procedures are correct at time of publication but are subject to change without notice.
Attendees consent to being photographed, recorded and filmed for the RA’s purposes.
Attendees are not permitted to bring their own food and drink on site.
Venue Hire
Read our terms and conditions
RA Magazine Recipe Competition (Summer 2020)
Choose any number of the ingredients painted by Chris Orr RA in What’s in my Kitchen, 2020, reproduced on page 31 of the Summer 2020 issue of RA Magazine. Devise the most interesting and delicious recipe you can. The ingredients can be used in any quantities desired in order to serve two people. Don’t feel you need to use many ingredients if you do not wish to: the judges will take into account the fact that some ingredients, due to the lockdown, are less available than usual. If you do not recognise an ingredient, then the judges will accept reasonable guesses.
To enter, email ramagazine@royalacademy.org.uk before Monday 6 July 2020 along with:
— Your name and contact details, including email address, postal address and telephone number
— Your name for the dish
— The ingredients chosen, in the quantities necessary for the recipe to be cooked
— A step-by-step method for cooking the ingredients to serve two people.
Final deadline for entries is Monday 6 July 2020.
Due to the coronavirus, we are unfortunately only able to accept entries by email.
The judges of the best recipe will be Chris Orr and Rebecca Salter. They are looking for both originality and deliciousness. They will select a shortlist of six recipes, which they will cook, before selecting a winner and two runners-up. The decision of the judges is final.The successful applicants will be notified by Monday 3 August. The RA will not confirm receipt of entries; if you have not heard from the RA by this date, we are sorry that your entry will have been unsuccessful.
The winning recipe will be published in the September 2020 issue of RA Magazine. The winner will receive a £100 voucher for a lunch or dinner in the Green Room, the Royal Academy’s restaurant in the basement of the Keeper’s House. The restaurant is currently closed, as is the rest of the RA, due to the coronavirus crisis. The opening date of the RA is to be confirmed, as are the arrangements for dining at that time.
There may therefore be a delay in redeeming the winning voucher, however we are looking forward to welcoming you to the Green Room as soon as we can. The winner and the two runners-up will each receive a high-quality, full-size digital print of Orr’s painting What’s in my Kitchen. The prize includes the delivery of the digital print to the successful applicants’ address. There may be some delay in receiving the print, which will be produced at the RA Schools print studio when it reopens .Employees of the RA, and their families and friends, are not eligible for entry. The prize is as stated and no cash alternative.
Happy cooking.
LEGO Architecture Challenge 2020
The competition is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 4 years or over and their guardian or parent except employees of Royal Academy of Arts and LEGO and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition.
There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter this competition.
By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Route to entry for the competition and details of how to enter are via https://www.royalacademy.org.uk/event/lego-architecture-challenge-2020 and the competition will be primarily run on Instagram and Twitter.
Multiple entries from one person are allowed, but only one entry will be selected as a possible winner and only one prize will ever be awarded to a single person.
How to enter this competition: Share your creations on Instagram or Twitter using the hashtag #RALegoChallenge or tagging us with @architecture_RA between 10:00 – 17:00 BST on Sunday 21 June 2020. If you are an architecture practice, please submit through your practice’s social accounts so we can identify you.
Closing date for entry will be 17:00 BST, 21 June 2020. After this date the no further entries to the competition will be permitted.
Winners will be chosen by judges from the Royal Academy of Arts and LEGO.
Five winners will be chosen. One place will be reserved for an architectural practice and the other places will be awarded to members of the public.
Winners will be announced on Monday 22 June on the @architecture_ra Twitter and Instagram accounts with a reshare of the submitted winning image and the name of the social media account.
Winners will receive a LEGO London Skylines set as their prize. Winners will be contacted by direct message on Twitter and/or Instagram and their prize will be sent directly from LEGO. Winners must consent to providing us with a postal address to ship the prize to, and this information will be used for the sole purpose of delivering the prize.
By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating his/her agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
The winner agrees to the use of his/her name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.
Grayson Perry Plate
The following is only applicable to individuals, trusts, foundations, and corporate supporters.
Donations of £1,000 or more
– Every donation of £1,000 or over will be acknowledged by sending you a ‘Rainbow Sickness’ plate designed by Grayson Perry just for us, as a thank-you.
– These plates have not been created as an artists’ edition and will not be numbered, but we are limited to an initial run of 500.
– If you are able to be more generous, then we would be delighted to acknowledge this with more plates. There are a limited number, but we will endeavour to offer more plates as the donation increases by each thousand pounds. For example, a donation of £5,000 will enable us to consider allocating five plates to you, as a thank you for exceptional generosity.
– Donations qualify for Gift Aid if the donor pays sufficient income tax or capital gains tax to cover all qualifying charitable donations for the tax year and has provided the RA with a valid Gift Aid declaration.
If you have not already done so, and you qualify, please tick the Gift Aid declaration box which will appear on the checkout page to confirm you are eligible for Gift Aid, when you donate online. Gift Aid is a UK government scheme that enables the RA to claim tax relief on donations from UK taxpayers. We would encourage all eligible donors to take up this scheme to maximise their donation. For every £1,000 a UK taxpayer donates, £250 in reclaimed tax is added. This means that a £1,000 donation with Gift Aid is worth £1,250 to the RA. Please note that we will share relevant and necessary data with HM Revenue and Customs to enable us to reclaim the Gift Aid on your donation. This personal data may be stored by HM Revenue and Customs for the purposes of financial auditing.
– The plates are strictly not to be re-sold by the donor.
– All donors who make a donation of £1,000 or more can have their name displayed on a supporters’ mural which will be on display at the discretion of the Academy later this year for a limited period of time. If you would like to make a donation, but do not want your name listed on the supporters’ mural please email Philanthropy@royalacademy.org.uk to inform us of your preference.
– Donors are eligible for a maximum of one naming opportunity on the supporters’ mural irrespective of how large the donation made.
All acknowledgments displayed on the supporters’ mural will strictly be in the name of the donor, Trust or Foundation.
– The Royal Academy will moderate donor names and may in its absolute discretion remove any names which it deems inappropriate or which do not comply with these Terms and Conditions. If this were to happen, your donation would not be returned to you, either wholly or partly.
– Donors are not able to choose the exact location of their name on the supporters’ mural.
If you would like to make a donation but do not wish to receive a plate, please email the Royal Academy at Philanthropy@royalacademy.org.uk.
– The Royal Academy may suspend or decommission the production of the Grayson Perry plates, and/or the list of donor’s names as it may be required due to any event or occurrence which is outside the reasonable control of the Royal Academy including (but not limited to) pandemic, fire, flood, storm, strikes, riots, civil commotion, material disaster, war or acts of governmental authority. If this were to happen, your donation would not be returned to you, either wholly or partly.
– The donor will be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information provided to the Royal Academy. The Royal Academy will not be responsible, or liable to the donor or any third party, and reserves all rights in this regard.
Data Protection
– The Royal Academy will collect personal data about donors at the time of donation, and as otherwise provided in order to administer the donation.
– Donors will be receiving a plate designed by Grayson Perry CBE RA. Their personal data will be passed on, securely, to a third party for the purposes of the delivery of the plate.
– By participating and making a donation, donors are consenting to the use of their data in this way. The personal data of donors will at all times be managed by the Royal Academy in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and the RA’s Privacy Policy, which outlines how the RA manages personal data (https://www.royalacademy.org.uk/privacy). Donors may contact the Royal Academy at any time to update their details and/or preferences regarding permitted use of their personal data.
Delivery
– The plates are currently in production and will be dispatched within approximately six weeks. We’ll get in touch if there are any delays to this process.
– There will be no additional costs for postage and packaging within the UK.
×
Schedule exhibition
When should this exhibition be published?