https://www.maine.edu/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
University of Maine System COVID-19 Information:
Together for Maine: Principles for a Safe Return -
Search for:
Apply
Give
Careers
Portal
News
Universities
University of Maine
University of Maine at Augusta
University of Maine at Farmington
University of Maine at Fort Kent
University of Maine at Machias
University of Maine at Presque Isle
University of Southern Maine
University of Maine School of Law
Students
New Students
Transfer Students
Current Students
Veterans & Military
International Students
Early College
Adult Students
Academic Program Search
Course Search
Faculty & Staff
UMS Peoplesearch
Resources for Faculty & Staff
Trustees
Agenda Calendar
Board Meeting Calendar
Board Membership
Board of Trustees Strategic Initiatives
Committee Responsibilities and Membership
Meeting Actions
Meeting Agendas & Materials
Meeting Minutes
Policy Manual
Student & Faculty Representatives
Data & Policy
Student Related Reports
System Policies, Procedures & Financial Reports
Administrative Practice Letters
European Union’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
Human Resources Reports
UMS Dashboard
Data Governance
Offices
Chancellor’s Office
Academic Affairs
Facilities Management & General Services
Finance & Administration
General Counsel
Government and Community Relations
Human Resources
Information Technology Services
Organizational Effectiveness
Public Affairs
Strategic Procurement
Student Success and Credential Attainment
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Visitors to the maine.edu website are important to us. Maine.edu does not record personal information about you without your permission. Maine.edu collects only the information needed to create an efficient electronic gateway for public information.
Collection of Information
Maine.edu automatically collects some information when you look or search through our web pages. It is collected for statistical purposes only. We use the information to make our site easier to use. We do not use it to identify you personally. The information collected includes the following:
The date and time of your visit.
Information about your browser type and operating system.
The parts of our web site you visited.
The Internet address of your computer and the site that sent you to us.
If you used a search page to find us, the search terms you entered.
Maine.edu does not ever automatically collect information like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. Be aware that in order to complete some services you may need to provide personal information. Supplying this information is voluntary.
Cookies
Maine.edu uses Google Analytics, which mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor interactions. These cookies are used to store non-personally identifiable information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains.  We do not use or place spyware on your computer.
Online Forms
Any information you supply during the completion of an online form will be considered voluntary. This information will be treated the same as any provided in person during a visit to the university system office or a university. It may be necessary to share this information with other departments or universities for proper handling.
Public Disclosure
Unless specifically protected under federal or state law, any information provided may be inspected by the public or disclosed. Please refer to 1 MRSA § 401 et seq for more information on public records and under what circumstances it is released.
Incorrect Information
If you find something that is out of date or wrong please contact christina.pelletier@maine.edu. Do not include any sensitive data, such as your personal information, when you contact us to correct data inaccuracies. The secure transfer of this type of information will be arranged later if necessary.
Contact Information
To offer comments about the Maine.edu website or this Privacy Statement, contact christina.pelletier@maine.edu.