http://www.sunitafe.edu.au/privacy-policy/
1300 478 648
info@sunitafe.edu.au
Contact Us
Staff
Suniconnect
Password Reset
Student Mail
Privacy Policy
The Institute is committed to ensuring compliance with relevant privacy legislation, and has established principles of transparency and fairness for the management of personal information and protecting the privacy of those whose information it holds.
SuniTAFE adheres to the following Legislative Acts:
Victorian Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014
Victorian Health Records Act 2001
Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988
Commonwealth Copyright Act 1968
Victorian Public Records Act 1973
Victorian Freedom of Information Act 1982
These acts govern how public sector organisations are to collect, use, store, disclose and give access to personal information.
Collection of information
In accordance with the Information Privacy Principles the Institute will ensure that the collection and use of personal information will relate directly to the legitimate purposes of the Institute.
Individuals will be made aware of the purpose for which personal information is collected and the Institute will take all reasonable measures to store personal information securely and ensure personal information no longer required is destroyed as per the Institute’s Records Management Policy and Procedure.
Individuals will have access to their own personal records, unless prevented by law. This information is not to be taken from the Institute.
The Institute will not collect sensitive information about an individual unless they have given consent, the collection is required under law or the collection is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the life or health of an individual.
Use and disclosure
SuniTAFE will not divulge any personal or health information to a third party for any reason other than the primary purpose for its collection or for purposes specified in our Health Privacy Policy or with the consent of the individual or as required by law.
Sensitive information
SuniTAFE will only collect sensitive information about an individual with consent of the person or if required by law. “Sensitive information” is information or an opinion about an individual’s:
racial or ethnic origin
political opinions
membership of a political association
professional or trade association or trade union
religious beliefs or affiliations
philosophical beliefs
sexual preferences or practices, or,
criminal record.
Organisations and individuals contracted to provide services to the Institute will also be required to comply with the Information Privacy Principles in relation to acts done by the service provider for the purposes of the contract with the Institute.