http://www.ecampustours.com/privacy-information.aspx
eCampusTours.com
search eCampusTours.com
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Facebook
sign in to eCampusTours
create account
forgot password?
for students college planningapplying for collegechoosing a collegegetting startedinside the classroomoutside the classroom view more » paying for collegefinancial aid & the FAFSAfinancial aid resourcessaving for collegescholarships & grantsstudent loans campus lifecollege budgets 101extracurricular activitiesfree time and social lifehealth and safetyliving on and off campus view more » career explorationbuilding your resumechoosing a majorjob search & interviewsthe kuderÂ® career planning systemyour new job financial literacybanking basicsborrowing moneybudgeting & savingmoney smartglobal economics view more »for parents college planningact helps parents prepare for college tooadvice for adult studentseducational opportunity servicegift ideas for the high school graduatehelping juniors plan ahead view more » paying for collegeare you and your child financially prepared for college?fafsa prep for parentsfinancial aid advice for the middle income familyfinancial aid for single parentshas your child been selected for fafsa verification? view more » campus lifeaddictions and problem awareness on campusbreak those bad habits early: is your student prepared for college life?dorm room basics: what to pack and what to leave at homeempty nest syndromefive common college parenting mistakes view more » career explorationencouraging your child to explore career optionshelping your student make good career decisionspreparing your student for job interviewscollege funding guide financial aid 101financial aid basicscreating your FSA IDthe FAFSA - applying for financial aidhow aid is calculatedstudent aid report view more » student aid programssources of financial aidgift aidself-help aid student loansfederal direct stafford loansfederal direct PLUS loansbefore you borrowstudent loan limits financial aid: the more you knowfilling the financial aid gapfinancial aid offer notificationmake the most of your financial aid office's helpget financially fit for collegebeware of scholarship scams view more »campus toursshoppingfor educators
privacy information
privacy information
At eCampusTours, we continue to develop technological enhancements for students, families, schools and our partners. We are committed to excellence in customer service, and your privacy is important to us. This policy is effective on July 1, 2010.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
• This Privacy Statement applies to eCampusTours.com and governs data collection and usage on this site. As part of its mission to expand access to higher education, Edsouth hosts innovative websites such as www.eCampusTours.com.
• You may access some services provided by eCampusTours with pages that are co-branded through the site of one of our partners. It is important to note that this privacy policy does not apply to other areas of that partner's site that are not provided by Edsouth.
• Some areas of our websites may provide links to non-eCampusTours sites. If you link to a site that is not an eCampusTours website, the privacy policy of that site and its Terms of Use apply to you. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policy of any third party before giving personal information to them.
Use of Personal Identifying Information
• eCampusTours does not collect any nonpublic personal information from visitors to our sites unless you expressly provide it to us through one of our online services. eCampusTours does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. If you choose to register on eCampusTours in order to utilize an online service that requires you to log in, eCampusTours will collect basic information such as name, email address, and brief demographic information.
• We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. We use the services of a marketing company to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The type of information we collect includes, pages visited, product, school and lender codes, IP address, the type of browser you are using, the websites you visit immediately before and immediately after you visit our websites, and other anonymous data involving your use of our websites. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our marketing company logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used.
• eCampusTours enables you to voluntarily provide personal information to third parties such as college or university admissions departments. This information will not be provided by Edsouth to any third party other than the colleges or universities that you select. The selected university will be communicating with you, and the university's use of your data is governed by its privacy policy.
• If you elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about one of our sites, eCampusTours will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting them to view the article that you are sending them. eCampusTours does not store this information, and it is for the sole purpose of sending the one-time e-mail.
• If you choose to check the box for the Newsletter on your registration form, you agree that eCampusTours may periodically send you an e-mail newsletter which includes educational or marketing information to the email address with which you registered. If you choose to check the Offers box on your registration form, you agree that eCampusTours or Educational Funding of the South, Inc., a.k.a. Edsouth, may periodically send educational or marketing information to the email address with which you registered.  You may unsubscribe to either service at any time in the newsletter or registration areas of the sites, and your information is not shared with any third parties.
• Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law where in we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Minimum Age Requirement
By law, eCampusTours cannot collect any information from persons who are not yet 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you can utilize the information provided in many areas of our site, but you are not authorized to create an account.
Updating Personal Information
You may update or modify basic personal information associated with your account. A link is available on the log-in page to enable you to update basic data regarding your account.
Use of Cookies
If you choose to register with eCampusTours in order to utilize a service that requires you to log in, your user ID will be stored in a temporary "cookie" on your web browser. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server to help us identify you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. The cookie that manages your login will be removed as soon as you close your browser. Other cookies that are used are for customization of content and contain no personally identifying information. Our cookies are not used to collect any personally identifiable information.
Website Use Information
Web servers at eCampusTours automatically recognize your domain name, but not your e-mail address. No nonpublic personal information is collected unless you choose to provide it to us through one of our online services. Our web server does collect information such as domain name, number of hits, pages visited and length of user session in order to compile website statistics that enable us to analyze how our websites are used. This information is then used to improve the usefulness of the sites.
Confidentiality and Security
• Sensitive information is encrypted with the latest cryptographic technology, namely SSL encryption.
• For security in-house, security procedures are in place to prevent unauthorized access to any user information.
Passwords
• There is a link available on your eCampusTours profile page to enable you to change your password at any time.
• If you forget your password, there is a link on the log-in page that will enable you to enter your username or e-mail address with which you originally registered. When you submit this information, if your information matches what eCampusTours has recorded for you, your username and password will be emailed to you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
eCampusTours may occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how eCampusTours is protecting your information. If we decide to make any material change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our website for 30 days.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy please contact:
eCampusTours
c/o Edsouth
501 Corporate Centre Drive - Suite 320
Franklin, TN 37067
info@eCampusTours.com
California Privacy
• If you are resident of California, "Your Privacy Rights" allow you to receive an Information-Sharing Disclosure. This disclosure provides a list of categories of personal information shared, during the immediately preceding calendar year, with other businesses for their direct marketing purposes, and the names and addresses of other businesses with whom such information was shared. You may request this disclosure by contacting us at the information provided above.
• We will respond to requests made to the designated contact point and provide the Information-Sharing Disclosure within 30 days of receipt of request.
• If your request is made to an address, other than the one provided in this policy, the Information-Sharing Disclosure will be responded to in a "reasonable time period," no later than 150 days from receipt of the request.
• For more information, visit the California Privacy homepage.
media center
|
about eCampusTours
|
contact eCampusTours
|
privacy information
|
site map
© 2020 eCampusTours
forgot password?
Please enter the email address with which you registered.
If the information you submit matches what we have recorded for you, a new password will be emailed to you.
Enter your email address *
Be sure to add "info@ecampustours.com" to your trusted senders list.