http://www.usschoolsupply.com/privacy_policy
Writing Tools
»Mechanical Pencils
»Pencils
»Pens
»Pop A Points
Student Accessories
»Art Supplies
»Book Covers
»Bookmarks
»Erasers
»Lanyards
»Locker Items
»Mechanical Lead Refill
»Pencil Grips
»Pencil Pouches
»Pencil Sharpeners
»Staplers
»Tab Index Dividers
»Teacher Accessories
Awards & Incentives
»Attendance Awards
»Birthday
»Bookmarks
»Bracelets
»Buttons
»Certificates
»Character Counts
»Citizenship Awards
»Honor Roll Awards
»Lapel Pins
»Medallions
»Neck Ribbons
»Pencils
»Principal Awards
»Reading Awards
»Ribbons
»Star Student Awards
»Student of the Month Awards
»Super Reader Awards
»Misc. Pencil Designs
Imprinted Items
»Custom Imprinted Bags & Totes
»Custom Imprinted Bottles & Cups
»Custom Imprinted Magnets
»Custom Imprinted School Store Items
»Custom Imprinted Wearables
»Custom Imprinted Writing Instruments
»Custom Imprinted Stickers
Mascot Items
»Emoticons
»Mascot Lapel Pins
»Mascot Magnets
»Mascot Medallions
»Paw Print Items
»Smile Face Items
»Mascot Stickers
»Mascot Zipper Grippers
Novelty Items
»Balls
»Bracelets
»Games
»Keychains
»Misc. Items
»Mustache Items
»Slime
Paper Products
»Memo Books
»Notebooks
»Portfolios / Folders
»Sticky Notes
Spirit Items
»Paw Shoe Laces
»Spirit Buttons
»Spirit Face Stickers
»Spirit Lapel Pins
»Spirit Ribbons & Hair Bows
Home / privacy policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. We value your time and interest in U.S. School Supply and the products we offer, and we place a high priority on ensuring the security and privacy of the data that we collect from our customers.
We do not share, rent or sell any of your private information to external companies.
Personal Information
To place an order with U.S. School Supply, you will be asked to submit certain basic information necessary to process your order.
We will be collecting information such as Name, Address, Phone Number, Email Address, and Credit Card Information (credit card numbers are encrypted and held for a certain period of time, then purged from our files).
Email addresses are used to send out order confirmations, shipping notices and other emails pertinent to your order.
If you are shipping to a different location, similar information will be gathered to achieve that purpose, potentially including school names and addresses.
If you are a school and are requesting online billing, you will also be asked to furnish your school name and address, principal name and your position with the school. This information is neccesary in order to approve your online billing request.
Additional Email Communication
In addition to the transactional emails mentioned above pertaining to your order, you also have several options to sign up (opt-in) or to be removed (opt-out) from our email list.
If you sign up for these emails or do not specifically ask to be removed from this list, you will receive emails from us alerting you to new products, timely events and special discounts offered only to our email customers.
These emails are never meant to bother you, but they are meant to keep you informed of important information.
If at any time, you would prefer not to receive further emails, you will always find a link at the bottom of the email allowing you to request removal from our email list or you can call us at 877-780-8900 to be removed.
Data Security
We have installed certain procedures and policies in an effort to protect your data security so that your information is used only for its intended purpose.
We place a high priority on the security of your information.
For Further Information Contact Us Directly
If you have further questions regarding the privacy of your personal information or how our site operates, please contact us directly at:
U.S. School Supply, Inc.
3361 W. Hospital Avenue
Chamblee, GA
30341
877-780-8900
or Email us at support@usschoolsupply.com
New Products
Best Sellers
Sale Items
Seasonal Items
Shipping Info