http://www.jjay.cuny.edu/website-policies
Skip to main content
About John JayMission and values
History
Strategic Plan
Fast Facts
Governance and Leadership
Office of the President
Diversity at John Jay
Employment
College Facilities, Lynch Theater
College Events
Institutional Effectiveness
AdmissionsUndergraduate
Graduate
International
In-service NYPD, DOC and FDNY Programs
Veterans
Readmission
Continuing & Professional Education
Department of Online Education & Support
Tuition & Financial Aid
Housing
Visit
AcademicsUndergraduate Studies
Graduate Studies
Department of Online Education & Support
Academic Honors and Achievement Programs
Professional Studies
Certificate Programs
Academic Resources
Academic Departments and Interdisciplinary Programs
Library
ResearchFaculty & Staff Research
Student Research
Research Compliance
Research Centers / Organizations
Proposal Development Resources
Funding Opportunities
Managing Your Awards
Research Blog
About the Office for the Advancement of Research
Annual Report
News/Events
Student lifeCommencement
Dean of Students
Essential Career Skills
For Faculty & Staff
For Parents & Families
Center for Career & Professional Development
Center for Student Involvement & Leadership
Children's Center
Community Outreach and Service Learning
Immigrant Student Success Center
Military and Veteran Services
Orientation
Residence Life / Housing
Student Affairs
Student Resources
Student Transition Programs
Urban Male Initiative
Wellness & Resources
Women's Center for Gender Justice
Sexual Misconduct
Athletics
Library
Email
Web Apps
Directory
Inside JJ
Calendar
News
Jay Stop
Giving
Prospective students
Students
Alumni
Faculty & Staff
Library
Email
Web Apps
Directory
Inside JJ
Calendar
News
Jay Stop
Giving
Home
Website policies
Website policies
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Disclaimer
The material(s) present on this server reflects the work of many individuals. Although great care has been taken in preparing the information, John Jay College does not warrant the views, opinions, accuracy, content or completeness of the information including links, text, graphics, media and other items on this server.
John Jay College Web Policies / C.U.N.Y Policy, Logo Usage Official Web PagesJohn Jay College Web Site Privacy PolicyCUNY Web Site Privacy PolicyUnofficial Faculty & Professional Staff Web PagesUnofficial Student Web PagesCUNY Computer User ResponsibilitiesLogo Usage
Official Web Pages
The John Jay College of Criminal Justice web site policy governs the rights and obligations of the various entities that have access to, and are responsible for, the web pages that are placed on John Jay College publicly accessible web servers.
The official College web site consists of the web pages published by all academic and administrative departments, programs, college committees, centers, institutes, faculty senate, student government, student clubs and other units of John Jay College of Criminal Justice that are authorized to conduct official business on behalf of the College's overall mission. Any questions concerning designation as an official body will be resolved by the president of the College subject to review by the College Council.
Designated representatives of the above-mentioned John Jay College units will be responsible for ensuring that the information on the official web pages is accurate, current, and does not violate the policy of the College and the City University of New York, and conforms with all state and federal laws.
The unauthorized use of copyrighted material and the inclusion of unauthorized advertising is prohibited. Official pages must include: 1) the logo and name of the College and CUNY; 2) links
back to the College home page; 3) the name and e-mail of a contact; 4) accessibility to people who have physical disabilities. Procedures will be provided by the College to assist with implementation of these policies. The name of the content provider for the web page must be forwarded to the webmaster.
Any links provided to other sites must be accessible and appropriate. Links to commercial sites are strongly discouraged, with the exception of resources licensed by the College or by CUNY and entities having formal affiliation with the College or with CUNY.
Two versions of the John Jay College Undergraduate and Graduate Bulletins will appear on the Web Site. An exact replica of the printed bulletin will be put in PDF format, serving as a statement of the degree requirements applicable to students entering John Jay the year the Bulletin was printed. A continuously updated version of the Bulletin which includes new courses and curriculum changes approved in accordance with the College's governance structure will be put in HTML format in order to keep information current.
Unofficial Faculty & Professional Staff Web Pages Academic freedom is a cornerstone of the educational process. The Internet is a free flowing medium for information, dissemination, gathering, and exchange. World Wide Web pages developed by faculty and professional staff constitute an important means of formulating and conveying knowledge, including statements of belief and opinion, to the University community and to the world at large.
Therefore, it is the policy of John Jay College that all faculty and professional staff are entitled to use a John Jay server for their own unofficial pages within the limits of College resources.
Faculty-generated and staff generated web pages that are on John Jay web servers are not official publications of John Jay College. Authors maintain ownership and have full responsibility for the  content and distribution of that content and should strive to maintain high standards of intellectual and academic integrity.
Faculty and staff are responsible for compliance with existing federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, copyright law and laws regarding privacy of student information. In addition, web pages on John Jay servers must adhere to existing College and University policies. Examples of such statements and policies are: The City University of New York Sexual Harassment Policy and The City University of New York Computer User Responsibilities Statement. Absent the violation of those laws, policies, or statements, the College should make no attempt to censor or in any way alter the content, distribution, and/or format of any faculty or staff web page on John Jay web servers.
Faculty and professional staff should be aware that their pages are public and will reflect on the College and on themselves. As a service to users, faculty and staff should indicate on each web page the date that the page was created or modified and the e-mail address of the individual responsible for the page. Faculty and staff who use the John Jay server for their own website are expected to make it accessible to people who have physical disabilities.
Faculty and staff web pages are not official communications of John Jay College or of CUNY. Therefore, the John Jay and the CUNY logos may not be used on such pages. All unofficial faculty and staff web pages must include the following statement: This page does not necessarily reflect the views of John Jay College of Criminal Justice or of CUNY.
Faculty and staff members availing themselves of John Jay College web services for unofficial web pages must sign a statement acknowledging that they have read the John Jay College web site policy and will abide by it.
Unofficial Student Pages
The basic purpose of a college is to educate students. John Jay College acknowledges the need for maintaining an environment that encourages learning while providing activities that help students develop moral and civic judgment. To further enhance a student's intellectual and personal growth, John Jay College provides students with access to the College's web services within the limits of the College's resources. The College's web servers are valuable tools that help students learn, develop technological skills and provide public service. The web is an efficient means for students to conduct research and to communicate effectively with college faculty, staff, fellow students, and the community at large.
Student-generated web pages that are on John Jay web servers are not official publications of John Jay College. Authors maintain ownership and have full responsibility for the content and distribution of that content and should strive to maintain high standards of intellectual and academic integrity.
Students are responsible for compliance with existing federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, copyright law and laws regarding privacy of student information. In addition, web pages on John Jay servers must adhere to existing College and University policies. Examples of such policies are: The City University of New York Sexual Harassment Policy and The City University of New York Computer User Responsibilities Statement. Absent the violation of those laws, policies or statements, the College should make no attempt to censor or in any way alter the content, distribution, and/or format of any student web page on John Jay web servers.Students should be aware that their pages are public and will reflect on the College and on themselves. As a service to users, students must indicate on each web page the date that the page was created or modified and the e-mail address of the individual responsible for the page. Students who use the John Jay server for their own web site are expected to make it accessible to people who have physical disabilities.
Student web pages are not official communications of John Jay College or of CUNY. Therefore, the John Jay and the CUNY logos may not be used on such pages. All unofficial student web pages must include the following statement: This page does not necessarily reflect the views of John Jay College of Criminal Justice or of CUNY.
Students availing themselves of John Jay College web servers for unofficial web pages must sign a statement acknowledging that they have read the John Jay College web site policy and will abide by it.
John Jay College Logo Usage
To obtain the copy of the John Jay College Logo, you must be conducting official business at the College. Please contact the Department that you are collaborating with in order to to obtain the logo.