http://www.learningbygrace.org/privacy.php
Learning By Grace
HOME
WHO WE ARE
Our Statement of Faith
Our Homeschool Mission & Vision
Our Educational Philosophy
Our Christian Team Members
Our Christian Convictions
Home School Testimonials
SERVICES
Online Home Schooling System
Home Schooling Program Tour
Home Schooling Course Sample
Pre-K-12 CURRICULUM
Preschool Christian Homeschool Curriculum
Elementary Christian Homeschool Curriculum
Middle School Christian Homeschool Curriculum
High School Christian Homeschool Curriculum
Christian Summer School Program
ONLINE ACADEMIES
The Grace Academy
The Jubilee Academy
The MorningStar Academy
The Southern Baptist Academy
Compare Online Academies
Virtual Academy Tour
Course Demos
HOW IT WORKS
What You Get
Social Center - Home School Socialization
Daily Home School Lesson Plans
FAQ
Online Education News
Homeschool Blogs
The Bible
Free Software
Calculators & Converters
Informational Microsites
Free Image Library
Your Homeschool ID Card
Free K-12 Placement Test
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the privacy of information supplied by users or collected by us from users of this web site. Because we want to build users' trust and confidence in our web site and demonstrate our commitment to privacy, we want to disclose our privacy practices.
Your privacy is very important to us. As part of the normal operation of this web site, we may collect and store information about you for purposes including legal identification, progress evaluations and legal guardianship. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and how that information is used.
USE OF THE WEB SITE
As a visitor to this web site, our web servers collect information that is automatically sent by your web browser. This information typically includes your domain name (the site after the @ in your e-mail address). It may also contain your user name (the name before the @ in your e-mail address). The amount of information sent depends on the settings you have on your web browser. Please refer to your web browser if you want to learn what information it sends. We may also identify you in connection with your use of certain aspects of our web site. For example, we identify you with any e-mail message you send through our web site. We may also seek to identify an individual user in connection with investigating security breaches or cooperating with authorities pursuant to a legal matter.
PROVIDING SERVICES
We use the information we automatically receive from your web browser to see which pages you visit within our site, which site you visited before coming to ours, and where you go after leaving our site. We may also internally use any personal information you decide to provide us to improve our services and promotional efforts, to improve our content and to customize our web site's content and layout. We may, from time to time, send information to you about products and services available from Learning By Grace or a 3rd party in the context of our newsletter or other forms of communication. We never provide any personal information to 3rd parties unless required to do so by law.
COOKIES
This web site may use cookies to make it more convenient for you by allowing you to visit pages within the site without having re-enter certain information. We do not use cookies to get information from your hard drive or to get your e-mail address or personal identifying information. Most browsers can be configured to inform you when cookies are being set or to prevent cookies from being set. Please note, however, that by not accepting cookies, you may limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our web site.
OTHER PARTIES
This Privacy Policy only addresses our use and disclosure of information. To the extent that you disclose information to other parties, such as linked sites or authors of any third party information on our site, we do not control their privacy policies or use of such information. We recommend that you ask others about their privacy policies before you disclose personal information to them.
CHILDREN
We have no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age who are not registered at Learning By Grace Academy with parent created accounts. If you are under age 13, please ask your parent for permission before sending any information to our site or anyone else online. Have your parent contact us as indicated below in order to provide us with prior written consent. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may request that the information be deleted from our records by contacting us at info@theLearning By Graceacademy.org.
LEGALLY REQUIRED DISCLOSURES
We may be required, by applicable law, subpoena, court order or other legal process to disclose your personally identifiable information, and it is our policy to comply with any such requirements.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
As we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliates might sell or buy businesses. In such transactions, personally identifiable information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Learning By Grace or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personally identifiable information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We may update and amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an amended Privacy Policy to this web site. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of this web site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
Copyright © 1999-2020 Learning By Grace and other copyright holders. All Rights Reserved. Private access to Learning By Grace online learning environment is subject to the terms and conditions in our Privacy Policy, Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Policy and rules and conditions detailed in our online home school website at www.learningbygrace.org. Terms and conditions may change without notice and should be checked regularly for updates.
Contact Us | E-mail Us | Copyright Notices | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Mimi Rothschild | Home School Brochure | Network Status
Tell a Friend:
Your Name:
Your Email:
Your Friend's Name:
Your Friend's Email:
Your Message:
(Email addresses submitted here are ONLY used to send your "Tell A Friend" message.)