https://www.mcq.org/en/conditions-d-utilisation
×
×
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Available in French only.
Subscribe
Plan a visit
Schedules, rates and location
Visitors Guide
Accessibility
Boutique
Café 47
Groups
SCHOOLS
Rental Opportunities
Fête d'enfants
Exhibitions
Current
Upcoming
Virtual
TOURING
Past
Activities
Mlab
Collections
Fondation
Search
terms of use
Home/About us/terms of use/
Privacy policy We may amend this privacy policy at any time by posting changes on this page. Amendments will automatically take effect upon publication. The last date of revision will always appear on the privacy policy. Last updated: 22 July 2014 Personal Information Musée de la civilisation respects Canada's Privacy Act. As a result, this website is protected by physical and digital barriers, as well management policies that were created to protect the information users share. Musée de la civilisation will not in any way transmit, sell, lease, exchange or divulge to any third parties any of the personal information collected on the site during regular transactions, unless the website user has specifically given consent or we are required to by law. Musée de la civilisation relies on an outside supplier to handle our online transactions. However, the personal information that this supplier receives is for transactional purposes and will, in no case, be shared by this supplier with third parties. Although Musée de la civilisation may compile statistics on its web visitors, clients, sales, online traffic and other pertinent markers, the data does not contain any personal information enabling visitors to be identified. Should Musée de la civilisation be constrained to divulge any information about a visitor collected during an online transaction, it will only do so because it was reasonably necessary in order to respect the law, to apply the terms of use of Musée de la civilisation's website, or to respect the rights, property and safety of Musée de la civilisation, its users and any third parties. In certain sections of this website, we may store some information on site visitors' computers ("cookies") to gain a better understanding of how they use this website. Cookies are pieces of text that a web server can store on the hard drive of computers used by Internet users. They are used to store information about the browser being used and do not in any way reveal the identity of the user. In some cases, simply closing the browser will delete the cookie. Privacy Musée de la civilisation cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any interactions that take place on the Internet. Therefore, Musée de la civilisation cannot in any way be held responsible for any damages incurred to the Internet user following use of content on this site or on social media. For online transactions, Musée de la civilisation will only ask for the personal information necessary to complete the transaction (i.e. first and last name, e-mail address, mailing address, language of correspondence, phone number). Musée de la civilisation never keeps credit card information ; rather, all such data is sent directly to the financial institutions mandated to authorize said transactions. If you sign up for our digital services, you may, at any time, request that your name be withdrawn from Musée de la civilisation mailing list. If you have a question or comment to share about personal information and our privacy policy, please send an e-mail to info@mcq.org. Use of This Website by Minors Internet users under the age of 18 must obtain permission from a parent or guardian before sharing any personal information on Musée de la civilisation website. As technology does not enable us to verify the exact age of visitors to this website, Musée de la civilisation relies on good faith that visitors under the age of 18 have accepted this term of use. Warning The content of this website is provided without express or implicit guarantees. Furthermore, as we cannot control what content is provided on websites that this site may link to, Musée de la civilisation is not responsible for the content and accessibility of these websites. Musée de la civilisation cannot, in any circumstance, be held responsible for any damages incurred following the use or the inability to use any content material appearing on this website or on the websites linked to or linking to this site.
Administration and Shippings 16, rue de la Barricade Québec City, Québec G1K 8W9 T. 418 643-2158 Toll free: 1 866 710-8031 (North America) renseignements@mcq.org
Welcome! To facilitate navigation in this website, cookies files from the Musée de la civilization and its partners are used. This allows the sharing of content in social networks, to offer ever more relevant content, and to allow our team to conduct usage analysis. By continuing your visit to this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed, in accordance with our privacy policy. I AGREE