http://www.museum.wa.gov.au/privacy
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Content
Join the Newsletter
WA Museum on Facebook
WA Museum on Instagram
WA Museum on Twitter
Western Australian Museum
›
WA Museum Privacy
WA Museum PrivacyTerms & Conditions
Introduction
This statement sets out information relating to your use of the Western Australian Museum website, social channels and the privacy of your personal information stored by the Western Australian Museum.
Statement to users
Users should note there are inherent risks associated with transmission of information via the internet. Therefore, users should make their own assessment of the potential risks to the security of their information when making a decision as to whether or not to utilise our website facilities.
Information we collect
When you visit our website, the web content management system and our Internet Service Provider automatically records your visit and logs the following information for content personalisation and statistical purposes:
Your IP address.
Your top level domain name (e.g. .com, .net, .gov etc).
The date and time of your visit to the site.
The pages accessed and documents downloaded.
Time spent on individual pages.
Time spent overall on the site.
Browser type and version.
Referring site and media asset (e.g. search engine or display advertisement).
This information is analysed regularly to determine the website's usage statistics plus utilised for content personalisation. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities unless required to do so or authorised by law.
When users choose to join a mailing list, their details are added to that specific mailing list and used for the stated purpose of that list only. If you have concerns with joining a mailing list, Western Australian Museum has other ways of obtaining and providing information. Postal mail and telephone contact are available and listed in the 'Contact' section of this website.
When a user purchases tickets online to a Western Australian Museums gallery, exhibition or programming you are automatically added to the Western Australian Museum mailing list. If you wish to unsubscribe, you can unsubscribe via the link on the email you received or by emailing reception@museum.wa.gov.au.
The retention and destruction of records (including personal information) held by the Western Australian Museum is governed by legislation and policies including the State Records Act 2000 (WA).
Use and disclosure of personal information
Any personal information we collect may be used or disclosed for the primary purpose for which it was collected, for example, to allow us to answer your enquiry or process your transaction. We may also use or disclose personal information for related purposes, for example, where you have consented to the use or disclosure for the related purpose or you would reasonably expect the personal information would be used for that related purpose.
In some limited circumstances, we may also need to use or disclose personal information for other specific purposes, including:
where the Western Australian Museum reasonably determines that the use or disclosure of the information is necessary for one or more enforcement-related activities conducted by or on behalf of an enforcement body
where required by or under a law of Western Australia; a law of the Commonwealth; or a court or tribunal order, for example, pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act 1992; or in response to a subpoena.
Personal information will be dealt with in accordance with the applicable legislation in Western Australia and consistent with any legal obligation.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information placed on your computer either to store information required to operate a function, or to record your preferences when browsing a site. The Western Australian Museum website utilises cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication
If you are logged into our services, cookies help us direct you to the right information and personalise your experience.
Functionality
These cookies help us to analyse activities on our sites, and on other sites where we post content, to improve and optimise the way our sites work. For example, we may use these types of cookies to ensure that visitors can easily find the information they are looking for on our sites by counting the number of visitors and how they move around our sites when they are using them.
These cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns to help us optimise our sites’ content for those who engage with our advertising.
Personalisation
These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our sites. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences.
Marketing and advertising
Cookies and other technologies record your online activities, including your visits to our sites, the pages you have visited, and the links and advertisements you have clicked. This is helpful to us because:
It allows us to make the content more relevant to you.
It allows us and our service providers to deliver advertisements or other communications to you that are designed to be more relevant to you.
We and our service providers and partners may also append other data to information collected by these cookies, including information obtained from third parties, and share this information with third parties for the purpose of delivering relevant advertisements to you.
If you register on one of our sites, follow us on social channels or otherwise provide us with your personal data, we may associate that information with other information we collect from or about you or that you provide, information regarding your use of our sites and channels, or information we receive from or about you from third parties. In regard to social media we might associate your Western Australian Museum account with your online social profile. We will use this combined data for marketing and analytics purposes.
Security
We use cookies to enable and support security features that help us to detect security threats and malicious activity.
Feedback and surveys
We send cookies to your computer when you use the sites, respond to online surveys or polls, or request information.
Other tools and technologies
Embedded URLs
We may use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the sites without cookies. Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the sites but are not associated with personal data and are not used beyond the session.;
Embedded pixels and similar technologies
Our sites and our service providers may use embedded pixel technologies for the purposes of identifying unique user visits (as opposed to aggregate hits) and for advertising purposes. In addition, embedded pixels or other technologies may be used in emails and our online display advertising to provide information on when the email or ad was opened to track marketing campaign responsiveness; information collected using these technologies may be associated with the recipient's email address.
The pixel technology used in the sites enables the synchronisation of internal unique identifiers between our sites and our third-party partners to facilitate interest-based advertising. For a list of those third-party partners, please click here. Please see the “How to Manage Cookies” section below for opt-out options.
Widgets, buttons, and tools
Our sites may include widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our sites to provide specific services from another company (e.g. links to bookmarked sites), along with buttons or other tools that link to other companies’ services (e.g. a Like button or third-party map).
Social media and sharing tools
Some third-party cookies enable visitors to the sites to use social media features, like sharing and sending or recommending pages to others. Such third parties include YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn. Using these elements of the sites allows these service providers to set cookies on your device and track your behaviours within their platforms. Social media and sharing tool providers may also detect your presence on the sites if you are logged into their services.
Please note that the cookies set and tracking carried out by these third-party providers are not under our control. For further information, please view the privacy policies of these third parties.
Gogo App Camera and Photos.
In order for you to experience Augmented Reality in the Gogo app we require access to your camera, images and other information from your device’s camera and photos. For example, you won’t be able to take photographs and save them to your camera roll unless we can access your camera or photos.
Gogo Location Information.
When you use our Gogo App we may collect information about your location. With your permission, we may also collect information about your precise location using methods that include GPS, wireless networks, cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, Bluetooth beacons, and other sensors, such as gyroscopes, accelerometers, and compasses. This allows us to locate you in our Museum spaces and provide you with relevant Museum content.
Settings in your browser
All browsers permit you to reject and/or delete cookies either one at a time or all at once. The procedure for this depends on the browser you use. We have inserted a link to the most commonly used browsers below:
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Opera
iPhone, iPad and other equipment from Apple
Android phones and other equipment
Google cookies - Additionally, you may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
While you are able to reject or delete cookies if you no longer wish to store them on your computer, please be aware that some functionalities and services may be reduced or will not work as a consequence.
External links from this website
Please note the Western Australian Museum website contains some links to external web sites because they contain material related to the Museum’s activities or are of a benefit to users. When a user has clicked on a link to another site, they leave the Western Australian Museum site and are no longer protected by these conditions.
The Western Australian Museum takes no responsibility for the accuracy, currency, reliability and correctness of any information included in the data provided by third parties, nor for the accuracy, currency, reliability and correctness of links or references to information sources (including Internet sites) outside of this website. These external information sources are outside the control of the Western Australian Museum and it is the responsibility of all internet users to make their own decisions about the accuracy, reliability and correctness of information found on those external Internet links.
Western Australian Museum is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the linked web sites and encourages you to examine each site's privacy policy and make your own decisions regarding the accuracy, reliability and correctness of material and information found.
Disclaimer
The Western Australian Museum disclaims, to the extent permitted by law, all warranties, representations or endorsements, express or implied, with regard to the data. The Western Australian Museum further does not warrant or accept any liability in relation to the quality, operability or accuracy of the data.
This website contains information, data, documents, pages and images prepared by the Western Australian Museum. While the data contained in this website has been formulated with all due care, the Western Australian Museum does not warrant or represent that the data is free from errors or omissions, or that the data is exhaustive.
While the data is considered to be true and correct at the date of publication, in fact it may be wholly or partly inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete and moreover, changes in circumstances after the time or publication may impact or further impact upon the accuracy, correctness and completeness of the data. Additionally, the data which was once accurate may become inaccurate without notice, and the Western Australian Museum denies all responsibility for the accuracy of any information obtained, printed and stored by a user. The Western Australian Museum may periodically make changes to the data, whether by way of deletion or addition at any time.
The Western Australian Museum, its trustees, CEO, employees or agents deny any responsibility for any loss or damage (including, but not limited to, loss or damage caused by reason of any negligence on the part of the Western Australian Museum, its agents, employees or trustees) to the users of the website whether caused by reason of any error, omission or misrepresentation in the data or otherwise. Users of this website are responsible for making their own assessment of the data and should verify all relevant representations, statements and information with their own professional advisers.
If you use automatic language translation services in connection with this website you do so at your own risk with regard to the accuracy of the information.
The information and data on this website is subject to change without notice.
Parties Who Will Have Access To Personal Information
Generally, your personal information will only be accessed by Museum staff and officers when and where it is appropriate or necessary. However, your personal information may also be accessed, from time to time, by various organisations, including:
Western Australian Museum contractors;
Western Australian Museum project partners;
Western Australian Museum suppliers;
Barking Gecko Theatre Company;
Black Swan State Theatre Company;
Co3 Australia;
Perth Festival;
Perth Theatre Trust;
West Australian Ballet;
West Australian Opera;
Yirra Yaakin Theatre Company
Where a party, other than an employee or officer of the Western Australian Museum, has access to the personal information of individuals, they will be required to comply with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act), the Privacy Amendments (Notifiable Data Breaches) Act 2017 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles and, where appropriate, to enter into privacy agreements with the Western Australian Museum.
X