https://www.surgery.wisc.edu/privacy-statement/
Skip to main content
University of Wisconsin–Madison
Menu
open menu
close
Diversity & Inclusion
Education & Training
Global Surgery
Research
Divisions
For Patients
For Referring Providers
About Us
News
Faculty & Staff
Alumni
Careers
Contact Us
Give
Home Privacy Statement
This online privacy statement explains the ways in which the Department of Surgery collects information about you while you use our website, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we protect the information you choose to provide us. By using this website, you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement.
To help us assess content usage and navigation patterns on our website, the Department of Surgery at University of Wisconsin-Madison collects and analyzes overall web server data.
Host names and/or IP addresses are collected and only associated with individual users where required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual.
The data that is collected may be used to generate aggregate statistical reports.
Data you share
When you submit questions, request information, register for an online service, or sign up to receive emails through this website, we may ask you for information like your name, postal address, telephone number and email address so we can respond or follow up. We may use the data you share to respond to your inquiry, send you messages about relevant programs, or share information, news, and events. We do not sell or share the information you to provide to parties beyond the University without your consent.
Google Analytics
We may also use Google Analytics to collect site usage data and to analyze overall usage of the site. Google Analytics uses cookies in your Web browsing software to track user sessions so that it can collect data about how users view and navigate the site. The data collected never includes names, usernames or e-mail addresses. Individual IP addresses are collected, but they are not associated with individual users other than as noted above. You may prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google’s website.
Changes to the privacy statement
If we make changes to our privacy statement, we will indicate them on this page.
Other websites
This website contains links to other independently run websites within the UW-Madison network and to some sites outside the “wisc.edu” domain. The homepage is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
Although this site has security measures in place to protect personal information provided to us by users, users should also take steps to protect personal information by, for example, closing all web browsers after using the site.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your experiences with this site, contact us at help@surgery.wisc.edu.