http://www.thebanningmuseum.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content We make this promise to you:The Banning Museum (TBM) is committed to protecting your privacy. It is for this purpose that we developed policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. We have significant security measures in place to prevent the unauthorized use, loss or alteration of the limited information we keep. By visiting our site or shopping from our online store, you accept the practices described below, as well as our Terms and Conditions of Use. Should we make changes to our Privacy Policy; the changes will be posted here.To enhance your browsing or shopping experience, our store may include links to other sites. These sites have their own privacy rules and terms of use that you may wish to review. TBM has no responsibility for these sites.How and Why We Collect InformationWe do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. You knowingly and voluntarily provide us with information when you make a purchase using PayPal. For example, you provide PayPal with your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. You might also provide information for where the purchases are to be shipped. You may also provide us with information when you request to be notified when a product is back in-stock. PayPal stores this information and we use it to process your orders, to communicate with you, as well as to improve your online experience as our guest. We never have access to your credit card information. Visit here to read PayPal’s Privacy Policy.When you ask to be notified of a sale, or complete your first purchase, your email address will be added to our promotions database. This information is used solely to notify you of sales and will never be misused, traded or sold to any third parties. There will always be a link provided that will allow you to remove your email address from our database at any time. Notwithstanding, we will send email messages confirming each order and shipping information.Occasionally, we may ask for additional information, either at the time of purchase or when you participate in a contest, promotion or survey involving TBM or our affiliates. You do not have to answer these additional questions, however not doing so may limit your participation in applicable contests or promotions.In addition to the information that you provide us directly, including comments, suggestions, testimonials and reviews; we also monitor and track usage of our website, viewing and traffic patterns, customer behavior and other similar information. We compile this information into a statistical aggregate which is used for administrative purposes including improvements to our site, our products and our customer service.Sharing DataUnder certain circumstances, we may from time to time need to share information about our visitors on a limited basis with other companies and legal authorities. For example, there are other companies and individuals hired by us to perform functions that we can’t do ourselves. These agents and vendors help us to fulfill orders and process credit card payments. To accomplish their duties, they may have access to certain information about our visitors and customers, but they are forbidden from using it for any other purpose than fulfilling your order.Business TransactionsIn the event that another company were to acquire TBM or its assets, our customer and guest information would be considered a transferable asset.Legal ProtectionWhen appropriate or required, we will release information to comply with the law and/or to protect the rights and property of TBM, our visitors and others. We also reserve the right to share information with legal authorities and other companies for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Contacting UsFor details on exactly how we protect your information, please read our Security Statement. For details regarding the operation of our site, please read our Terms and Conditions of Use. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact our Customer Care Team at info@thebanningmuseum.org