http://www.samuelmerritt.edu/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to main site navigation
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy(last update: Oct 2017)This privacy policy sets out how Samuel Merritt University uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website, SMU Mobile App and other SMU web services.Samuel Merritt University is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Samuel Merritt University may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.Information We CollectThe following information is gathered from our website visitors:IP addressBrowser versionOperating system versionIf a user logs in to the website, the username will appear in the system logs as having attempted or completed a login.Surveys and WebformsOur site may request information from you via surveys and web forms. Participation in these surveys and web forms are completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether or not to disclose the information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address) and demographic information (such as zip code or academic program). Submission data is secured on our servers and accessible only by select University personnel.When an authenticated user (someone that is logged in) submits a web form on our website, their username will be associated with that submission even if the web form does not specifically ask for a name. If the web form does not require authentication and does not ask for a name, the submission will not have a username associated with that submission.How We Use the Information We CollectWe use the information to enhance the visitor's experience and to analyze website performance statistics. The information is not sold to any outside group or entity.  Inquiry and web form submission data may be used by the University for recruitment purposes.Data EncryptionSamuel Merritt University follows industry-standard precautions and procedures in the transmission of electronic data to keep any personal information collected secure.  The university uses secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to process secure information, allowing online users protection from the interception of private information by any third party.Our Use of CookiesOur website makes use of cookies, which are small digital files that are stored in your web browser that enable us to analyze visits to our website.  If a user logs into the website, a cookie is used to maintain the session for the duration of the visit. Session cookies will expire after the user leaves the website.Browser settings may allow the user to block these cookies, but we recommend that users have them enabled. Certain segments of the website may not work as intended if cookies are disabled.Additionally, third-party vendors on our site may use cookies. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to accomplish their objectives for the Google Analytics and Google Custom Search Engine services.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other websites.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects information.
Get Started
ApplyAttend an Info SessionRequest Information