https://www.salemu.edu/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsIn using this website, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions:The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions: “you” and “your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting these terms and conditions. “The University”, “We”, and “Us” refer to our University. “Party” and “Parties” refer to both you and the university. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.Privacy StatementWe are committed to protecting your privacy. Our authorized employees within the University, on a need to know basis, only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers.ConfidentialityWe will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.DisclaimerExclusions and LimitationsThe information on this web site is provided on an “as is” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we: exclude all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the University’s literature; and exclude all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website.This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this university of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected. CookiesLike most interactive web sites our website and/or Internet Service Provider uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.Links to This WebsiteYou may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.Links from This WebsiteWe do not monitor or review the content of other parties’ websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us, and we should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of these sites.You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. We will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.Copyright NoticeCopyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text relating to our services and the full content of this website. Our logo is a registered trademark. The brand names and specific services featured on this web site are trademarked.CommunicationWe have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. You can find these addresses, along with other contact information, using the Contact Us link on our website.WaiverFailure of either party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any agreement, or the failure of either party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any agreement.No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both parties.GeneralThe laws of West Virginia govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website, you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of West Virginia in all disputes arising out of such access.If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Our failure to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision.Notification of ChangesWe reserve the right to change these conditions from time to time as we see fit. Your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.These terms and conditions form part of the agreement between us. Your accessing of this website indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings