http://www.bodrum-museum.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
The CastleHistory of the Castle
Knights of St. John
Three Faces of Bodrum Castle
The MuseumAbout The Museum
History of the Museum
DepartmentsAmphora Exhibition
Carian Princess exhibit
English Tower
Turkish Bath
Glasswreck Hall
Coins and Jewellery Hall
German Tower
Glass Hall
Secret Museum in the Snack Tower
Read The Blog
The Famous Trends of Ecotourism In Turkey And How They Do It
The 5 Best Hiking Trails In Turkey And How To Get In Shape For Them
The Top 5 Tourist Attractions For Your Visit To Bodrum
Turkey’s Unusual And Profitable Hair Transplant Industry
Nightlife and Festival Tourism in Bodrum
How to Legally Bring or Relocate Your Pet to Turkey
The Healthy Cuisine Options Of Bodrum
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.