http://www.trade-schools.net/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Trade-schools.net is owned and operated by Beeline Web Site Promotions, Inc. (Beelineweb.com).
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand our process for collecting, using, and protecting the personal information that you voluntarily share through this website. As you will learn below, Beelineweb.com only sends that information to the school (or its chosen agents) that you are requesting information about. The sole purpose is to have the school's representatives contact you directly so that you can learn more about the school and the programs you are interested in. We never resell your private information to other parties.
You must be at least 16 years of age in order to share your information through this website. If you are under 16 years of age, you may only share your information through this website in conjunction with a consenting parent or legal guardian.
When you submit personal identifying information through the forms on this website, you are expressly consenting to having that information shared with a particular school or its agents in order to be contacted by them as part of their marketing activities (and as part of your own information-gathering process).
By sharing your private information through this website, you acknowledge that such communications are not confidential. You agree that this Privacy Policy constitutes the only relationship between you and Beelineweb.com; no other fiduciary, confidential, or contractually implied agreement exists. You also agree that by using this website, Beelineweb.com may collect aggregate information that is used solely by Beelineweb.com for the purpose of improving this website.
The Information We Gather
We gather two types of information when you use this website: (1) aggregate information and (2) personal identifying information that you voluntarily share by submitting forms for requesting information about schools you are interested in.
Aggregate information is data from your use of a phone, tablet, computer, or other electronic device that is automatically shared whenever you access this website. Aggregate information does not identify any individual person, but it can include (and is not limited to) data related to the use of this website such as:
Pages that have been viewed
How much time visitors spend on the website
Times and dates of visits
Web browsers and operating systems used by visitors
Referral websites
IP (Internet Protocol) addresses of visitors
Personal identifying information is what particular schools (or their agents) need to know in order to contact you and help you understand what they offer. You voluntarily disclose this information, which may include (but is not limited to) items such as your:
Name
Phone number
Address
Email address
High school graduation year
Program areas of interest
What We Do With Your Personal Information
We send the personal identifying information that you voluntarily provide only to the schools (or their agents) that you have requested more information about. That information is then used by those schools (or their agents) to contact you directly about what they offer. Beelineweb.com does not and cannot make statements or representations about the policies or practices of those schools and their agents; this Privacy Policy does not apply to them.
Outside of that arrangement, Beelineweb.com never sells your private information to unaffiliated third parties.
In addition, Beelineweb.com may temporarily store your personal information in order to perform client services and internal administrative activities. We also may use the information to get in touch with you if we notice any problems with your submission to a particular school or have questions regarding your specific intent.
We only use the aggregate information we collect to improve this website.
How We Secure Your Information
We gather information using secure data transfer protocols, and we safeguard it utilizing secure storage practices.
Links to Other Websites
This website contains outbound links to websites that Beelineweb.com does not own or control. Beelineweb.com is not responsible for the policies or practices that those websites use for collecting aggregate and personal information.
Trade-Schools.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com and its partner websites. As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases at no extra cost to our website visitors.
The Right to Know, Delete, and Opt-Out
At any time after submitting your personal information through a form on this website, you may make a request to delete that information or find out who received it, including how it was collected, used, and shared.
Beelineweb.com is paid by the schools (or their chosen agents) for the personal information you provide when requesting more information about them through information-request forms on this website.
However, Beelineweb.com does not have control over the personal information that schools (or their agents) receive after you have submitted request forms through this website. At your request, Beelineweb.com can let a school or its agents know that you wish to opt-out of its use for marketing purposes. But Beelineweb.com is not responsible for the actions of the school or its agents once your personal information is in their possession.
You have the right to delete your personal information held by Beelineweb.com. To make a request, please contact Beelineweb.com toll-free at 1-866-766-2589 or by email at privacy@beelineweb.com. Alternatively, click here to use our online form for your removal request. Please allow five full business days for us to fulfill your request. We will remove your personal information from our database and pass along your request to the school (or its chosen agents) that you have requested information from.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
Whenever you exercise a privacy right under this policy, you have a right to non-discrimination in terms of service or price.
Policy updated on September 3, 2020.