https://www.spanishonpatrol.com/PublicSafetySpanishprivacy
Privacy Policy For SpanishOnPatrol.com
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and protection
of personal information of those using the SpanishOnPatrol.com website. Personal information
means information that can be linked to a specific individual, such as name, address,
telephone number, e-mail address and credit card number.
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy, and become familiar with it, but you should
know that we do not sell or rent our customers' personal information to third parties.
Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we may make periodic changes to
the policy in connection with that review. Therefore, you may wish to bookmark this page and/or
periodically review this page to make sure you have the current version.
This Privacy Policy explains the following:
What personal information we collect from you and how we use it
With whom (if anyone) your personal information is shared
How you can update or correct your personal information
What safeguards we have in place to protect your personal information
Other information you should know about your privacy
What personal information does SpanishOnPatrol.com gather from me and how is this information used?
When browsing our site, you are not required to provide any personal information unless and until you
choose to become a member of SpanishOnPatrol.com.
Account Registration
If you choose to become a registered member of SpanishOnPatrol.com, you must provide your name,
address, telephone number, e-mail address, a unique login name, password, and password validation.
This information is collected on the registration form for several reasons including:
(i) personal identification;
(ii) to take lessons;
(ii) to pay for the account (if applicable);
(iii) to allow us to contact you for customer service purposes, if necessary;
(iv) to customize the content of our site to meet your specific needs; and
(v) to make product improvements to our site. In addition, we need your e-mail address to confirm your new member registration.
With whom (if anyone) will my personal information be shared?
We do not sell, trade, or give any personal information to any outside party.
How can I update or correct my personal information?
At any time, you can view and/or update your personal information by logging into SpanishOnPatrol.com and
modifying your information through the 'My Information" link on the main members page.
What safeguards are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
All personal information you provide to SpanishOnPatrol.com is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer)
encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data
before you send it to us.
Thank you for using SpanishOnPatrol.com!
GUARANTEED SUCCESS
Buy with ConfidenceWe offer a 14-day money back guarantee
If you need help, please contact us.
×
100% Money Back Guarantee
We're certain that you're going to enjoy your learning experience.
Every course carries a 14-day money back guarantee.
If you are not completely satisfied with your learning experience within the first 14 days of activation, send us an email and we will give you a full refund.
Close