https://www.meadville.edu/legal/
Skip to Main Content
Home
Legal
Legal Notice, Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
All information on Meadville Lombard Theological School’s website is for general information purpose only. Meadville Lombard Theological School does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability, and accuracy of information provided on this website. Any action you take upon the information on Meadville LombardTheological School’s website is strictly at your own risk; the school will not be liable for any losses or damages in connection with the use of our website.
From Meadville Lombard Theological School’s website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to these sites. While we strive to provide only links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites and the links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites.
Be aware that when you leave Meadville Lombard Theological School’s website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control.
Terms of Use
All content such as: text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, and computer code, including the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel,” and arrangement of all content contained on Meadville Lombard Theological School’s website is owned, controlled, or licensed by or to Meadville Lombard Theological School, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Privacy Policy
At Meadville Lombard Theological School your privacy is important to us. Unless otherwise posted, we will not share any information that is collected or submitted to the Meadville Lombard Theological School’s website.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
If you have any questions or concerns please contact us.
610 S. Michigan Ave.
Chicago, IL 60605
USA
(773) 256-3000
(312) 327-7002
YouBelong@meadville.edu