http://www.archives.upenn.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SCOPE
This statement applies only to information collected by this website.
WHAT WE COLLECT AND WHY
We collect these types of information about you:
Auto-collected information (web logs).
The following information is automatically collected:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our website, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visited on our site. This information helps us understand aggregate uses of our site, track usage trends and improve our services but only after any user-identifiable information has been removed.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google <a href=”https://policies.google.com/privacy”>Privacy Policy</a> and <a href=”https://policies.google.com/terms”>Terms of Service</a> apply.
COOKIES
Cookies are files that many websites transfer to users’ hard drives to enable the site to deliver personalized services or to provide persistent authentication. The information contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user. Our website uses persistent cookies in conjunction with a third party technology partner to analyze search engine usage and web traffic patterns. This information is used in the aggregate to monitor and enhance the Penn web pages. It is not used to track the usage patterns of individual users.
SECURITY
Our office is committed to ensuring the security of your information. We have put in place reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards designed to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the information collected online.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will not share your information with third parties except:
as required by law
as necessary to protect the University’s interests
with service providers acting on our behalf who have agreed to protect the confidentiality of the data
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
This site may contain links to other websites not affiliated with our office. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites, including other University of Pennsylvania sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of other sites for assurance that their practices safeguard your privacy.
CHANGES TO STATEMENT
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time and will post the changes on this webpage.
CONTACT US
We welcome suggestions and questions about our privacy statement. Please send them to UARC@pobox.upenn.edu. If you have questions about privacy at Penn overall, please send email to privacy@pobox.upenn.edu or call 1-888-BEN-TIPS (1-888-236-8477).
Protocols
Privacy Policy
© 2020 University Archives and Records Center
Report Accessibility Issues and Get Help
X
The University Archives is closed to all researchers and visitors until further notice to comply with the University's policy on COVID-19. We have processes in place to offer limited research support during this time. Please contact the Archives staff if you have any questions.
The University Records Center is now offering limited services.
Please feel free to contact the Records Center staff at (215) 898-9432 or by email.