https://www.du.edu/equalopportunity/policies_procedures/index.html
Skip navigation
QUICK EXIT
Home
Title IX
Equal Opportunity
Disability Access
Information for Employees
Policies and Procedures
Resources
Contact Us
/
university POLICY
Equal Opportunity/Harassment Policy
Affirmative Action
All-Gender Restroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Procedures
Current Year:
2020-2021 Comprehensive Discrimination & Harassment Procedures
2020-2021 Title IX Sexual Harassment Procedures
Previous Years:
2019-2020 Procedures
2018/2019 Procedures
2017/2018 Procedures
2016/2017 Procedures
2015/2016 Procedures
2014/2015 Procedures
2013/2014 Procedures
University Policies
Discrimination
The University strives to create and maintain a community in which people are treated with dignity, decency and respect. The environment of the University should be characterized by mutual trust, freedom of inquiry and expression, and the absence of intimidation, oppression and exploitation. People in this community should be able to work and learn in a safe atmosphere. The accomplishment of this goal is essential to the academic mission of the University. Therefore, the University will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination, harassment, or sexual misconduct of any kind. Matters of this kind may also be prohibited by a variety of federal, state, and local laws. This Policy is intended to comply with the prohibitions of all applicable anti-discrimination laws.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Title IX
The University prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex, including sexual misconduct, in its educational programs and activities. This also include pay discrimination based on sex, discriminatory pay practices based on sex, and sex discrimination affecting compensation. The University is committed to complying with Title IX of the Education Amendment Act of 1972 and ensuring that the University's education programs and activities are operated in a manner consistent with applicable federal law, regulations, and provisions.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Equal Opportunity
It is the policy and practice of the University to provide equal opportunity in employment, educational activities, and other programs to all employees, students, and applicants. No person shall be discriminated against in any condition of employment or opportunity because of race, color, national origin, ancestry, age (40 and over), religion, creed, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, military enlistment, veteran status, and genetic information.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Pay Transparency
The University will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the University's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Equal Pay
The Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended, prohibits sex discrimination in payment of wages to women and men performing substantially equal work, in jobs that require equal skill, effort, and responsibility under similar working conditions, in the same establishment. The University is committed to these principles of pay equity, and expressly prohibits disparate pay on the basis of an employee's race, color, national origin, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, genetic information, military enlistment or veteran status. The University prohibits pay discrimination based on sex, discriminatory pay practices based on sex, and sex discrimination affecting compensation.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Retaliation
No hardship, no loss of benefit, and no penalty may be imposed on any student, faculty, or staff as punishment for: filing or responding to a bona fide complaint of discrimination or harassment, appearing as a witness in the investigation of a complaint, or serving as an investigator or as a member of a disciplinary board. Retaliation or attempted retaliation of this kind is a violation of the Policy and will be subject to severe sanctions up to and including termination or dismissal from the University.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Application
This Policy applies to all faculty, staff, students, board of trustee members, volunteers, contractors, guests and visitors of the University. It extends to all University activities, both on and off-campus.
Employees found to have engaged in discriminatory conduct may be subjected to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
See related policies Office of Equal Opportunity and Office of Title IX Procedures; Affirmative Action Policy 3.10.020 and Employee Grievance Process Policy 3.10.060.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Records
Records related to the investigation of any allegations of discrimination, harassment, or sexual misconduct will not be stored in personnel files of employees reporting alleged discrimination, harassment, or sexual misconduct, and instead must be retained in a separate secure location.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
Process Overview
The Director of Equal Opportunity and the Title IX Coordinator shall develop and publish procedures and rules that further clarify the rights and obligations under the policy as well as clarify definitions and scope within this Policy. The Provost and the Vice Chancellor for Business and Financial Affairs shall approve such procedures and rules upon the advice of Vice Chancellor of Human Resources and Inclusive Community; and Vice Chancellor of Legal Affairs.
Policy 3.10.010 Discrimination and Harassment
All-Gender Restroom Guidelines
Access the University's Guidelines for All-Gender Restrooms.
Privacy Policy
Access the University's current Privacy Policy.
Legal Notice for Website Usage
Access the University's legal notice for website policy usage.
University's Board Approved Policies
Access the University of Denver's official
University Board Approved Policies
. Contents include Institutional Affairs, Fiscal and Business Affairs, and Faculty Affairs.
Institutional Assessments
Audit Report Addendum January 2016 (Current Program and Progress on Changes)
Audit Report May 2015 (Recommendations for Change)
Web Assistance?
If you are having a disability-related issue with this website, or you need assistance in submitting a complaint to our office, please call 303-871-7726 or email Rufina.Hernandez@du.edu, for assistance.
Contact Us
Office of Equal Opportunity & Title IXMary Reed Building, 4th Floor
2199 S. University BlvdDenver, CO 80208Phone: 303.871.7016Spanish: 303.871.7766Fax: 303.871.7982
Email
Erika Hollis
Interim Executive Director of Equal Opportunity & Title IX Coordinator303-871-3142
Rufina Hernandez
Associate Director of Equal Opportunity/Interim ADA Coordinator303-871-7726
Molly Hooker
Deputy Title IX Coordinator303-871-2302
Alba Gonzalez
Investigator303-871-7479
Priscilla Rose
Investigator303-871-7481
Useful links
Sexual Assault Resources
Health & Counseling Center
Center for Advocacy, Prevention & Empowerment (CAPE)
Student Outreach & Support (SOS)
Campus Safety
Human Resources & Inclusive Community
Cultural Center
Disability Services Program
Office of Student Rights & Responsibilities
Cultural & Spiritual Life