http://www.wintec.ac.nz/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thanks for visiting our website. We take the privacy of our web visitors seriously and aim to collect and maintain personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993 (NZ) and industry best practice.Wintec may use the personal information submitted by you via this website to process your application or enrolment, to assist with provision of services, to keep in touch with graduates or to send you information about Wintec programmes and/or services.You have the right to access and correct personal information about you which has been collected by Wintec, in accordance with Wintec’s Privacy Policy and Privacy Procedures.Cookies and third party servicesA cookie, also known as a web cookie or browser cookie, is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on a user's computer or mobile device.
How we use cookiesThis site uses cookies to identify visitor’s preferences and for tracking how our site is used so we can improve the performance and user experience for future visitors. We also use cookies to assist with our online chat service, to inform decisions
on marketing, and to help shape Wintec’s products and services in the future. User details used for this purpose are IP address, ISP, date & time of visit and a record of the user’s activity while on the site (i.e. mouse movement/clicks,
searches made, and pages viewed.We may also use cookies for the purposes of advertising relevant offers or information to you once you have left our website. This involves Google, other vendors using Google’s Display Network (or similar) and other various social media platforms,
who may display ads to you on other websites based on your previous visits to Wintec’s website. If you would like to opt out of Google’s use of cookies for remarketing purposes, please visit Google Ads Settings.We may also share customer information with third parties to perform services on our behalf including advertising, improving website user experience, and customer support.How to disable cookiesYour web browser will have an option you can select which will block cookies. Below are links to popular web browsers, and how to block cookies using them.Internet ExplorerGoogle ChromeFirefoxSafariChanges to our Cookie StatementAny changes we may make to our Cookie Statement in the future will be posted on this page.ContactAny queries or concerns about the use of cookies on this website should be sent by email to info@wintec.ac.nz.
Collection of InformationSite UseWhile you may provide information to us, we also track site visitor use of our website. We don’t attempt to identify individuals as part of regular business practice. However, the information recorded by our web server logs may be used by us
or other government agencies in the event of an investigation and in accordance with the Privacy Act.When people visit our website we record your visit to our web server and by using tools such as Google Analytics. The information collected includes (but is not limited to):The IP or internet address of your computer, server and browser including locationThe date, time and length of your visitThe pages you view and documents you downloadThe type of browser and screen resolution you useThe website you were visiting before arriving at Wintec’s websiteEnrolment InformationWintec collects and holds personal information about students to comply with various statutes, including the Education Act, the Public Finance Act and the Crown Entities Act, and to enable Wintec to make decisions in relation to your tertiary study at
Wintec.
Personal information collected from you during the enrolment process may be disclosed to academic and administration staff where relevant to their duties, and also where relevant to other agencies such as the Ministry of Education, Tertiary Education
Commission, New Zealand Qualifications Authority, StudyLink, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Career Services, iwi trusts and scholarship providers, Ministry of Immigration, Industry Training Organisations, Industry Licensing and Registration
bodies, other tertiary institutions, previous secondary schools and providers of work experience for students in courses with a practical component or to other funding bodies.Your name, date of birth and residency as entered on any enrolment form will also be included in the National Student Index, and will be used in an Authorised Information Matching programme with the New Zealand Birth Register. For more information please
visit the Ministry of Education website.In addition, when required by law, Wintec will release information to government agencies such as the New Zealand Police, Department of Justice, Inland Revenue and the Accident Compensation Corporation.If you have any questions or feedback about your web privacy please email info@wintec.ac.nz
This site uses cookies to identify visitors and track usage so we can improve the user experience for future visitors. By continuing without changing your cookie settings, we assume you agree to this.
Please read our cookie policy to find out more.
OK