https://www.unoh.edu/about/privacy-policy.html
Apply Today
Request Info
Visit Campus
University of Northwestern Ohio
Privacy Policy
For the purposes of this policy and the websites covered by this policy, "us", "we", and "our" refers to the University of Northwestern Ohio and/or UNOH employees; "you" and "your" refers to you as an individual user of such a website.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of University of Northwestern Ohio (UNOH) websites and associated media and services at UNOH.
By using this website, UNOH network, or related resources (University systems), you agree to abide by any applicable University Policies (such as the IT Technology Usage & Ethics Policy).
Information Collection and Use
The University of Northwestern Ohio may collect information about how users access and use its web sites, networks, and related resources. The information collected on this site or from use of University systems may include device type, browser type, Internet protocol address, pages visited, the average time spent on our website, and other details. This data is used for website and network management, in order to improve website content, and for security purposes.
The University of Northwestern Ohio and our third-party service providers may use cookies and similar technologies to support the operation of UNOH websites. You can configure your browser to disable cookies.  Refusing or deleting cookies may cause a less than optimal user experience on UNOH websites.
University of Northwestern Ohio websites may contain links to external (third-party) websites. Please be aware that UNOH is not responsible for the privacy practices of external websites.  Users are encouraged to read the privacy statements of each website that collects information.
University of Northwestern Ohio websites may request information from you for specific purposes.  That information will be used in the intended manner.  If you have questions about how it will be used, please contact the page owner before submitting information.
Please be aware that the University has various legal and regulatory obligations to disclose many types of information, as well as operational reasons for doing so.  Unless specifically protected (e.g., FERPA protected student information) the University may disclose information obtained through your use of University systems for University business purposes in accordance with governing law and University policy.
If a prospective student requests their name, phone number, and/or email address to be omitted from contact lists, they must submit a removal request form to the University.
Apply Today
Request Information
Visit Campus
About UNOH
About UNOH Home Mission & Vision About Lima Accreditations Assessment Branding Campus & Facilities A Note From The President Careers at UNOH Graduation Delays & Cancellations Policy Map & Directions Memberships UNOH Partnerships Policies Student Right-To-Know Title IX
Virtual Tour
Campus Status
SEARCH UNOH.EDU
About UNOH
About UNOH
Accreditations
Assessment
A Note From The President
Memberships
Partnerships
Delays and Cancellation Policy
Policies
Title IX
Employment Opportunities
Brand Guidelines
Academics
Applied Technologies
Business
Health Professions
Occupational Professions
Graduate College
Library
Student Success Center
International Student Services
Testing Center
Virtual College Support
Barnes and Noble @ UNOH
Registrar
Admissions
Future Students
Undergraduate Students
Graduate Students
Military Students
International Students
Transfer Students
Parents
Guidance Counselors
Admissions
Degree Programs
Online Application
Tour UNOH
Open House
Financial Aid
Housing
College Credit Plus
Financial Aid
Financial Aid
How and When to Apply
Types of Aid Available
Financial Aid Award Letter
Filing Tips
Helpful Links
Frequently Asked Questions
Repaying Your Student Loans
Tuition Cost Calculator
FAFSA Federal Student Aid
Offices
Admissions
Alumni
Career Services
Cashier's Office
Counseling
Financial Aid
Housing
Human Resources
Information Technology
International Student Services
Military
Registrar
Safety Services
Student Success Center
Careers at UNOH
Campus Life
Student Life
Clubs and Organizations
Campus Event Calendar
Campus Map
Racers Athletics
Visitors
Campus Map
Future Students
Parents
Current Students
Military
Alumni
Faculty and Staff
UNOH Event Center
Pay My Bill
Military
Athletics
Centennial
Apply Online
Request Information
Schedule A Tour
Open House
Virtual Tour
Pay My Bill
Request A Transcript
MyUNOH
Email
Virtual College
Barnes and Noble @ UNOH
Support