http://www.umuc.edu/terms-and-conditions/index.cfm
Skip to Main Content
More +
Alumni
Donors
Media
Donate to UMGC
Events
News
Locations +
U.S. Locations
UMGC Asia
UMGC Europe
Learn Online
Transcripts
Log In
855-655-8682
Get Help
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Apply NowRequest Info
Terms and Conditions
UMGC For …
Prospective Students
Current Students
Administration
Partners
Alumni
Donors
Media
Log In
Academic Programs
Academic Programs
Academic Programs Business & Management Cyber Security Data Analytics Education & Teaching Healthcare & Science IT & Computer Science Liberal Arts & Communication Public Safety
Bachelor's Degrees Undergraduate Certificates Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctoral Degrees
Compare Programs
About Online Learning Open Educational Resources General Education Requirements
Resources Program Comparison Tool Schedule of Classes Catalogs Related Links Academic Calendar Academic Programs for Military & Veterans Legacy Academic Programs Learning Resources
Transfers & Credits
Transfers & Credits
Transfer & Credits Transfer Credits Credit from Colleges & Universities Credit from Community Colleges Credit from International Study
Fast Paths to Credit Prior Learning Workplace Learning Military Education & Training Credit by Exam Professional Courses & Industry Certifications Vocational & Technical Training
3D Scholars Program for Prince George's County		public high school students Community College Alliances Reverse Transfer Program Transfer Events
Resources Estimate Your Credits Transfer FAQs Related Links Program Comparison Tool Completion Scholarship Submit Your Transcripts
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid
Costs & Financial Aid Tuition Qualifying for In-State Rates
Estimate Costs
Ways to Finance Your Education Federal Financial Aid Employer Tuition Assistance Military & Veterans Benefits Monthly Payment Plan
Scholarships Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college graduates Scholarship Finder COVID-19 Financial Resources
Tools Time and Tuition Estimator Resources How to Apply for Aid Costs & Tuition FAQs Related Links Federal Employee Discount Qualifying for Military Tuition Rate Finances
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans
Military & Veterans Steps to Apply Academic Programs Transfer Credits Careers
UMGC for Military & Veterans Military Awards & Affiliations Our Students & Alumni Our Faculty & Staff VetSuccess on Campus Worldwide & Regional Military Locations
Education Benefits & Financial Aid Military Tuition Rate Eligibility Tuition Assistance Housing Allowance Scholarships Financial Aid & Payment Plans Certification of Benefits
Resources Vessey Veterans Resource Center Military & Veterans FAQs
About UMGC
About UMGC
UMUC is now UMGC About UMGC Why Choose UMGC Regional Accreditation University System of Maryland Membership UMGC for Federal Employees
Awards & Recognition Mission & History Brand Guidelines
About Our Students Student Services About Our Faculty
Related Links Events Leadership and Governance Locations Military Awards & Affiliations News COVID-19 FAQs for Current Students
Admissions
Admissions
Admissions Steps to Apply Admissions Requirements
Students Educated Abroad Returning Students
Academic Calendar Admissions Events Flexible Scheduling What's Next: After You Apply Take Placement Tests Register for Your First Classes
Resources Admissions FAQs Tools Schedule of Classes Related Links Submit Your Transcripts Steps to Apply for Military & Veterans Steps to Apply for Federal Employees
Apply Now
Request Info
?
Get Help
Find Answers Hours Text an Advisor
Chat Now Email Us
Home Website Terms & Conditions
Website Terms and Conditions Learn about the policies surrounding UMGC's website.
Thank you for visiting University of Maryland Global Campus. We take data security, copyright infringement, and the privacy of your personal information very seriously.
Consumer Disclosures and Policies
In an effort to help prospective and current students make the most informed decision about choosing higher education and in keeping with federal and state regulations, UMGC compiled information on consumer information and policies into a list of links for easy reference.
Copyright Agent
Find out how to report alleged copyright infringement of UMGC's website.
Nondiscrimination Statement
Learn about UMGC's commitment to ensuring equal access from the institution's programs and activities by reading the nondiscrimination statement.
Opting Out
Learn how to opt out of receiving targeted advertising or marketing e-mail messages from UMGC.
Privacy Policy
UMGC's privacy policy covers topics including cookies, data security, and how to opt out of targeted advertising and e-mails.
Although the university assigns each student an ID number (sometimes referred to as an EMPLID), which is used for most university functions, there are instances for which Social Security Numbers are required. The privacy policy also covers how the university handles personally identifiable information, commonly known as PII.
Social Media Guidelines
We welcome your comments on UMGC's blogs, social networking pages, wikis, or any other kind of social media. Our social media guidelines apply to individuals who create or contribute content to any of UMGC's social media sites.
Social Security Number
Find out how UMGC uses student SSNs.
Supported Browsers
This website is designed and tested for use with the most recent versions of popular web browsers and mobile and tablet devices to provide the best experience for our visitors. For an optimal experience, we recommend viewing the website at 100 percent zoom and enabling JavaScript and cookies.
This website is best viewed using the latest version of the following browsers:
Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Internet Explorer
This site can be accessed using older versions of these and other web browsers, but some features may not function properly, and the site may not display correctly.
To update your browser, visit the following vendor websites:
Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Internet Explorer
Text Messaging
UMGC uses text messaging to communicate with students. To subscribe to text messaging, text SMS to 868247. Message and data rates may apply. If you do not wish to receive text messages you may opt out by texting STOP to 868247 to cancel future text messages. By sending STOP, you agree to one additional confirmation message stating that you've opted out, after which you will no longer receive text messages from UMGC unless you text us again. To get help, text HELP to 868247. You may also obtain additional support or help by visiting the Help Center at www.umuc.edu/help. Note: SMS messages cannot be sent to international numbers. Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Message frequency varies.
Website Accessibility
Find out about the principles for usability and universal design used to make the UMGC website accessible to the widest possible audience by reading our Website Accessibility Statement.
Maryland Public Information Act Requests
Contact the designee below to make a request under the Maryland Public Information Act.
Contact Maryland Public Information Act Designee
Sherri Sampson or Erin Parker
E-mail:
legal-affairs@umgc.edu
Phone: 800-888-8682, ext. 7080
Address
UMGC Headquarters
3501 University Boulevard East
Administration Building
Adelphi, MD 20783
Get Directions to UMGC Headquarters
The discount for Federal employees and their spouses and eligible dependents will be applied to out-of-state tuition and specialty graduate programs. It does not apply to doctoral programs. This discount cannot be combined with the Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college students or the Pennsylvania Completion Scholarship.Undergraduate and standard graduate program tuition for students who meet the criteria for Maryland residency will be the applicable in-state rate. Tuition for active-duty military; members of the Selected Reserves, National Guard, and the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and the spouses and dependents of these student groups will be the applicable military or specialty rate. If you are a student using Post 9/11 benefits, please contact an advisor at 800-939-8682 to determine if you can apply both benefits.
View important information about the education debt, earnings, and completion rates of students enrolled in certificate programs.
All students are required to pay tuition for all courses in which they are enrolled. Tuition rates are subject to the approval of the University System of Maryland Board of Regents. They may be changed, or other charges may be included, as a result of the Board of Regents decisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this or any other university publication, the university reserves the right to make changes in tuition, fees and other charges at any time such changes are deemed necessary by the university and the USM Board of Regents.The Board of Regents has authorized the university to charge a student's delinquent account for all collection costs incurred by the university. The normal collection fee is 17 percent plus attorney and/or court costs. The service charge for a dishonored check is $30. Requests for services (for example, transcripts, diplomas, registration) will be denied until all debts are paid.Please see the Policy on Student Classification for Admission and Tuition Purposes for specific details about residency requirements.Financial aid and tuition remission for University System of Maryland employees cannot be applied to noncredit courses. Golden ID benefits may not be applied to fees, noncredit courses, specialty graduate programs, or doctoral programs. Regular tuition rates apply for cooperative education, course challenge examinations, and EXCEL 301.
GI Bill is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. More information about education benefits offered by VA is available on the U.S. government GI Bill website.
The UCSP 615 requirement may be waived if you previously earned a graduate degree from a regionally accredited institution. For more information, contact your academic advisor.
Website Terms & ConditionsConsumer Disclosures & PoliciesExternal Complaint ProcessesProfessional LicensureState AuthorizationCopyright AgentHow UMGC Uses Your SSNNondiscrimination StatementOpting OutPrivacy PolicySocial Media GuidelinesWebsite Accessibility Statement
Orientation to Graduate Studies at UMGC UCSP 615 | 0 Credits (Required within the first 6 credits of graduate study for all new graduate students, except those in programs requiring CBR, DCL, or PRO 600.) An overview of the skills needed for academic and professional success. Focus is on enhancing communication and critical thinking skills. Assignments provide familiarity with tools such as library and information resources. APA style and resources are also addressed.