https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/education-training/post-secondary-education/international-education/study-abroad/financial-help
×
B.C. has declared a state of emergency. Our response to COVID-19 | Province-wide restrictions
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to side navigation
Accessibility Statement
Menu
Careers & HR
Services
Forms
News
Contact us
Employment, business and economic development
theme_13_collection
theme_13_frontend
Employment, business and economic development
Business
Job seekers & employees
Employers
Employment Standards & workplace safety
Economic development
International investment and trade
Investment Capital
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
Birth and adoption
Marriage
Death
Separation and divorce
Legal changes of name
Statistics and reports
Order certificates and copies
Birth, adoption, death and marriage reports
British Columbians and our governments
British Columbians and our governments
Organizational structure
Initiatives, plans and strategies
Government ID
Indigenous People
Services & policies for government
Celebrating British Columbia
Multiculturalism and anti-racism
Local governments
Government finances
Technology and innovation
Data
Data
B.C. Data Catalogue
Statistics
Geographic data
Open Data
Data management and research
Education and training
Education and training
Early Learning
Kindergarten to Grade 12
Post-secondary Education
Adult education
Ways to learn
Job and career training
Driving and transportation
Driving and transportation
Driving and cycling
Passenger travel
Vehicle safety and enforcement
Funding, engagement and permits
Transportation infrastructure
Transportation reports and reference
Transportation and the environment
Farming, natural resources and industry
Farming, natural resources and industry
Agriculture & Seafood
Construction Industry
Electricity & Alternative Energy
Crown Land & Water
Forestry
Natural Gas & Oil
Mineral Exploration & Mining
Rangelands
Working on the Land Base
Health
Health
About B.C.'s Health Care System
Accessing Health Care
Assisted Living in BC
Health & Drug Coverage
Managing Your Health
Keeping B.C. Healthy & Safe
Conducting Health Research & Evaluation
Health Forms
Practitioner & Professional Resources
Family and social supports
Family and social supports
Youth & Family Services
Family Benefits
Childcare BC
Fostering
Seniors
Services for people with disabilities
Borrowing Money
Income assistance
Data, Monitoring & Quality Assurance
Environmental protection and sustainability
Environmental protection and sustainability
Climate Change
Pesticides & Pest Management
Plants, Animals & Ecosystems
Waste Management
Air, Land & Water
Research, Monitoring & Reporting
Natural Resource Stewardship
Housing and tenancy
Housing and tenancy
Residential Tenancies
Strata Housing
Owning a Home
Seniors Housing
Affordable and Social Housing
Local Governments and Housing
Building or Renovating
Real Estate in B.C.
Law, crime and justice
Law, crime and justice
Response to COVID-19
About B.C.'s Justice System
Criminal Justice
Human Rights
Courthouse services
For Legal Professionals
Public safety and emergency services
Public safety and emergency services
Public Safety
Emergency Preparedness, Response & Recovery
Crime Prevention
Wildfire Service
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Sports
Recreation
Arts & Culture
Event Hosting
Gambling & Fundraising
Ticket Buying
Taxes and tax credits
Taxes and tax credits
Sales Taxes
Income Taxes
Property Taxes
Speculation & Vacancy Tax
Employer Health Tax
Natural Resource Taxes
Insurance Taxes
Tax Audits, Rulings & Appeals
Using eTaxBC Online Services
Tax Changes
Tax Interpretation Manual
Tourism and immigration
Tourism and immigration
Immigrating to B.C.
Travelling in B.C.
Moving to British Columbia
Tourism Resources
Search
default_collection
default_frontend
Home
Education and training
Post-secondary Education
International Education
Study Abroad
Section Navigation
Study Abroad
Credential Recognition
Financial Help
Study Abroad Offices at B.C. Institutions
Study in B.C.
Financial Help
Find scholarships, bursaries and other financial awards to assist with payment of your studies abroad.
Awards
From post-secondary institutions: Many post-secondary institutions in British Columbia offer scholarships, bursaries and other financial awards available to students to study abroad as part of an academic program.
Contact the study abroad office at your institution
Irving K. Barber British Columbia Scholarship Society: An organization that provides scholarships for students attending public post-secondary institutions.
Find out how to apply for Irving K. Barber scholarships
Canadian government programs: The Government of Canada offers awards for Canadians and, in some cases, for permanent residents of Canada to study and research in China, Commonwealth countries, members of Organization of American States  and other countries.
Explore International Scholarship Programs
From other countries and institutions: Students from B.C. may be eligible for financial awards offered by governments and institutions in a country where they choose to study. For more information, contact the country you’d like to study in – either an embassy or consulate in Canada, or the government department responsible for post-secondary education.
Killiam Fellowships Program
Chinese Government Scholarship: The Chinese government offers scholarships to students from British Columbia to study at a Chinese university. It is a valuable opportunity to gain exposure to Chinese language, culture and business practices, and to develop enriching, life-long relationships.
The scholarships are provided to graduating secondary school students and students enrolled in post-secondary studies in undergraduate, master's and doctoral degree programs at eligible post-secondary institutions.
The language of instruction is primarily Chinese. However, a limited number of programs are offered in English. There is an allowance for remedial Chinese language support for successful applicants who are not proficient in the language and who are not applying for the Chinese language study program.
Eligibility criteria, application procedures and further information about the Chinese Government Scholarship Program are contained in the application procedures document.
Chinese Government Scholarship Application Procedures (PDF)
The deadline for receiving applications for the 2020 academic year (commencing September 2020) is February 14, 2020.
The Ministry of Advanced Education, Skills and Training will notify successful candidates. The final decision of program term is at the discretion of the Chinese Government.
BC Arts Council Scholarship Awards
The aim of the BC Arts Council Scholarship Program is to support the development of B.C.’s future professional artists by assisting with pre-professional training of outstanding B.C. students of the arts. Successful applicants in this program can be found on stages and in galleries the world over.
The Scholarship Program, the oldest program of Council, provides funding of up to $6,000 per year to outstanding arts students studying at the post-secondary level. B.C. residents attending full-time studies in a fine-arts diploma or degree program at a recognized college, university, institution or academy, in any country, are eligible to apply. Half-day high school dance programs may also be eligible.
The application deadline is April 30, 2019.
BC Arts Council Scholarship Awards Information
Student Loans
StudentAid BC provides support for the cost of post-secondary education through student loans, grants and scholarships. StudentAid BC also offers programs to assist with loan repayment.
Check out funding options
Related Links
Resources to help you plan for a successful study abroad experience.
Getting international credentials recognized
Study abroad offices at B.C. institutions
Contact Information
Please contact the International Education team for more information.
Email:
AEST.CorporateInternationalandQualityAssurance@gov.bc.ca
Permanent link to page:
Copy
Cancel
Hello, I am your COVID-19 digital assistant. Click or tap to ask a general question about COVID-19. Please don’t enter any personal information.
Connect With Us
BC Gov News
Facebook
Twitter
Photos
Videos
Newsletters
RSS feeds
Government A-Z
Services A-Z
Organizations A-Z
Forms A-Z
Services and Information Topics
Employment, business and economic development
Birth, adoption, death, marriage and divorce
British Columbians and our governments
Data
Education and training
Driving and transportation
Farming, natural resources and industry
Health
Family and social supports
Environmental protection and sustainability
Housing and tenancy
Law, crime and justice
Public safety and emergency services
Sports, recreation, arts and culture
Taxes and tax credits
Tourism and immigration
Home
About gov.bc.ca
Disclaimer
Privacy
Accessibility
Copyright
Contact us
Desktop View