http://wyshs.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
67th Annual Trek of the WSHS scheduled for June 12-14, 2020
has been cancelled due to the COVID-19 Pandemic
Registration fees are being returned. Email for details.
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Wyoming State Historical Society collects certain information from users, and we would like to explain the types of information we gather and what we do with it. We do not sell any personal information to third parties.
Server log data
Our system collects server log data which may include an IP address, the type of browser and operating system used, the time of day visited, the pages viewed, and search requests. We aggregate this data and use it for statistical purposes, helping us to ascertain, for example, the amount of interest in portions of our web site, and how to improve the navigation and content of our web site.
Web forms or e-mail
Personally identifying information that you provide by e-mail or web forms will be used only for such purposes as are described at the point of collection (for example, on a web form), such as to send information to you, or to respond to your questions or comments.
Links to Other Sites
Our web site has links to many other web sites. When you go to another site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of that site. The Wyoming State Historical Society cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided there.
Web Pages on State of Wyoming Information Technology Assets
Content on the Wyoming State Historical Society website is physically located on State of Wyoming information technology assets. Use and operation of the State of Wyoming web pages are governed by the laws of Wyoming. Information collected at the State of Wyoming web pages may be subject to disclosure under the public record laws of Wyoming including, but not limited to Wyoming Statute §16-4-201 et seq.
The collection and analysis of log data information may utilize third party hosted services or web analytic software. However, these services simply provide the data to the state and do not store or use any collected data internally.
The state also employs security measures which, in the event of any attempt at compromising the state's web pages and its support systems, are capable of identifying the offending individual user and the user's internet service provider.