https://xtralarge.in/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footerNeed Help? Call Us
Or Send WhtasAppClose Top BannerAdditional menuThis Privacy Statement presents the privacy practices for all “xtralarge.in” websites.
Feeling a need to demonstrate its commitment towards your privacy, the xtralarge.in Institute shares its information practices as outlined below.
Table of Contents
xtralarge.in and Your PrivacyKind of Information We May CollectWho we areWhat personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsMediaContact formsCookiesEmbedded content from other websitesAnalyticsWho we share your data withHow long we retain your dataWhat rights you have over your dataWhere we send your dataWhat we collect and storeWho on our team has accessWhat we share with othersPayments
xtralarge.in and Your Privacy
At xtralarge.in, it is our intent to give you as much security as possible over your privacy concerning your personal information. In general, you are at liberty to browse through our websites without revealing any information about yourself. Any information that may be collected by xtralarge.in is used strictly to improve the content of our website, to notify clients about updates, new features, and new content, and to contact clients regarding their account.
The absolute confidentiality of your classified information, when you choose to share it with the xtralarge.in, is always maintained on our secure server. xtralarge.in Institute does not follow a policy of sharing any information that may have been collected with anyone for commercial or any other purposes.
Kind of Information We May Collect
xtralarge.in may collect registration information from visitors using our free materials on a purely voluntary basis. Information collected from users who purchase our products is required for authentication and billing purposes. When you submit an order on-line, your credit card number is submitted to the credit institution for normal, routine processing. Your personal credit history information is not collected by xtralarge.in.
There are times when we may need information from you. This generally involves filling out forms so you can download a product or order a product. When you purchase products and services, we require you to fill out a form with your name and email address for ensuring safe product delivery.
Contacting us about Privacy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you may direct all your queries to the xtralarge.in Webmaster.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://xtralarge.in.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We may collect data in the form of tracking the user behavior, clicks, demographics etc through third party analytics services like Google analytics. The data is captured for our personal analysis and to make better user experience throughout the website.
Who we share your data with
We do not share your data with any third party. The data is kept securely for as long as it is deemed needed and then it is discarded off.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for 3 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example — your shipping address, mobile number and email address is shared with our logistics partners who provide you the doorstep delivery. Certain details are also shared with other shipping aggregators and tracking providers to provide you a seamless delivery experience.
Payments
We accept payments through Razorpay. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to Razorpay, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the Razorpay Privacy Policy for more details.
Footer
Important Links
Ayurvedic Medicine for Long lasting in Bed
Which Oil Is Best For Penis Growth In India?
How To Do Penis Enlargement Exercise Properly?
Should You Use A Penis Enlargement Pump?
Xtra Large Is Now XTL Plus®
Ingredients
Track Your Order Online
Who We Are?
Xtra Large.in is an online platform promoting ayurvedic herbal medicines for penis enlargement, male enhancement, sexual weakness and overall well being. Xtra Large.in is owned and managed by Rajshahi Healthcare, a 55 years old company based in Joya, Uttar Pradesh. Know More...
Reach Out To Us
Xtra Large.in
C/o Rajshahi Healthcare Pvt Ltd
Town Area, Delhi Road, Joya 244222
Distt: Amroha 244222 India
Tel: +91 9760068086, 6398786962
Email: help@xtralarge.in
Get Up To 50% Discount On India's Best Selling Penis Enlargement Pills!!Limited time offer!! Hurry…
Show Me Offers
x