https://zoo-phonics.com/privacy/
Shopping Cart
My Account
Register your Kit!
(800) 622-8104
Information we collect
When you visit our Zoo-phonics®, Inc. website, we collect customer information to improve the content of our website for marketing and promotional purposes. Each time you visit our website, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address, monitor resolution and what type of browser you are using. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and collect customer information gathered in the course of joining our online member base and/or processing sales transactions. We do not gather any personally identifying information about you when you visit this website, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
If you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us announcing product information, promotional events, or updates to our website. If you do not wish to receive such e-mail updates, please notify us by sending an e-mail to info@zoo-phonics.com with the word “Unsubscribe” in the sublect field or call us toll free at 800.622.8104.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (minors younger than 13 years old). If you are a parent and believe we may have inadvertently collected such information from your child, please notify us immediately by sending an e-mail to info@zoo-phonics.com or call us toll free at 800.622.8104.
Cookies
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer’s hard drive. This information will be in the form of a “cookie.” Cookies enable us to establish the shopping cart session and allow you to purchase items on-line at our Website. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Without accepting a cookie, you can browse through our website, but you will be unable to establish a shopping cart session and make a purchase on-line. For further information, please view our Terms & Conditions.
Security
The website makes every effort to protect your online order information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL encrypts your order information to ensure it remains private and secure. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. You can also check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the website will change from “http” to “https.”
Some browsers and firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you will be unable to connect to our server so you will not have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection. If you can’t access the server, you can place your order by calling us toll free at 800.622.8104.
Zoo-phonics, Inc. website, we collect customer information to improve the content of our website for marketing and promotional purposes. Each time you visit our website, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address, monitor resolution and what type of browser you are using. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and collect customer information gathered in the course of joining our online member base and/or processing sales transactions. We do not gather any personally identifying information about you when you visit this website, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
If you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us announcing product information, promotional events, or updates to our website. If you do not wish to receive such e-mail updates, please notify us by sending an e-mail to info@zoo-phonics.com with the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject field or call us toll free at 800.622.8104.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
Zoo-phonics®, Inc.
995 Morning Star Dr, Ste B.
Sonora, CA 95370
Phone (800) 622-8104
Fax (209) 288-2430
Email info@zoo-phonics.comProduct Search
Search for:
Search
Zoo-phonics News
Los Angeles YMCA Boosts Preschool Literacy with the Zoo-phonics Mnemonic and Multisensory Phonics Program
From Teacher, to Researcher, to Zoo-phonics Proponent:
Scott Griffith of E3 Research Witnesses Consistent Compelling Data
A True “Zoophonia” Moment–Zoo-phonics Author Visits Africa
Zoo-phonics Workshop in Kenya Delights Teachers from Multiple African Countries
Phonics is the Fix: A Rural Kentucky School District Goes from Below State Standards to Surpassing Them
Shopping Cart