https://apolyton.net/help
Login or Sign Up
Logging in...
Remember me
Log in
Forgot password or user name?
or Sign Up
Log in with
Facebook
Help
Announcement
Collapse
No announcement yet.
Apolyton Civilization Site help
Collapse
Here you can find answers to questions about how the board works. Use the links or search box below to find your way around.
Search
+ More Options
Search In
Titles Only
Both help item titles and text
Select this option if you would like your search to look in the text of help items as well as their titles.
Show only help items that contain...
Any words
All words
Complete phrase
Select an option here to specify how you would like your search query to be treated. 'Any words' will return the most numerous but possibly least relevant results, while 'Complete phrase' will return only results that contain exactly what you are searching for.
- Less Options
What's the Store/Amazon purchase offer?
Forum and Blog rules
General Help
Forums, Topics and Posts
Registration
Login / Logoff
How do I recover my lost password?
Facebook Connect
Searching this Site
Finding New Content
Cookies (and how they are used.)
How do I clear my cookies or cache?
Terms of Service
Managing Your Account
How do I change my settings?
How do I change my Avatar?
How do I customize my profile?
How do I reset my user profile to the default?
How do I edit my signature?
Can I use images in my signature?
How do I manage my privacy?
How do I manage my notifications?
What are Subscribers?
How do I ignore another member?
Using Private Messages
Using Visitor Messages
What is Reputation?
Creating Content
Creating Forum Topics
How do I share photos?
How do I share links and videos?
How do I create a Poll?
Advanced Editing (using BBCode)
Sending Messages to Other Users
How do I manage attachments?
Flagging Inappropriate Content
How do I follow an important discussion?
Managing Blogs
How do I create a new blog?
How do I add additional owners to my blog?
How do I manage Blog Members?
Managing Permissions and Privacy for your Blog
Managing Groups
How do I create a new group?
How do I add moderators to my group?
How do I manage group members?
Managing Permissions and Privacy for your Group
Managing Photo Albums
How do I create a new Album?
How do I add photos to an album?
Why can't I create new video albums?
What is the Posted Photos album for?
How do I delete an Album?
How do I reuse a photo?
BBCode Reference
Why BBCode?
Basic BBCode
Creating Links
Using Quotes
Inline Media (Photos and Videos)
Using Smilies
Creating Lists
Creating Tables
Using Code Snippets
Converted FAQs
Apolyton: Hall of Fame
What is the Hall of Fame?
What are Hofs and Tournaments? What's their history?
So where do I start? What can I do?
Do I need an account?
How do I submit a save? What do the fields on the submision page mean?
How do I start a tournament?
Why are some results in bold?
Can I submit a loss?
Can I submit more than one game?
How do I see more info and download a saved game?
What if someone posts a fake?
Apolyton: Ads Control, Support
Introduction to ads on Apolyton
What kind of ads does Apolyton show?
What are styles, how to test them and how to change your setting
How many and what types of ads does each style show?
Why do I get pop-ups without using a special style?
I get pop-ups on every single page!
How can I support Apolyton?
Where can I see the cool Apolyton Store ads?
Apolyton: Directory (http://apolyton.net/dir)
What is the Apolyton Directory?
How do I login in the Apolyton Directory?
What can I do with my login?
How do I add entries?
What are your plans for the Directory?
What should I know before adding a file entry?
What should I know about adding a fiction entry?
Apolyton: User Maintenance
Why should I register? [click to register]
How do I clear my cookies?
What is the signature for? [edit your profile]
What are the buddy and ignore lists? [edit buddy list] [edit ignore list]
I lost my password, what can I do?
How do I add a custom status to my profile? [edit your profile]
How do I get a picture under my username? [edit your options]
Does this board use cookies?
How can I change the information in my profile? [edit your profile]
Apolyton: Forums: Rules (Forum FAQ v3.0)
I) What is this?
II) What is the purpose of the FAQ?
IV) What is the purpose of the forums?
V) Who can post on these forums?
VI) Why do I have to register my login?
VII) Why do I have to give my e-mail address?
IX) Where do I post what?
X) What can I post?
XII) The forums are moderated, someone has the ability to ban people and close and delete threads. How can you have such rules? What happened to freedom of speech?
XIII) Why do you censor certain words?
XIV) Can I have a second login?
XV) Which are the penalties?
XVI) List of Posting Rules
XVII) Hey, I don't like these rules!
XVIII) What's these titles under each poster's login? And why some posters have special status?
XIX) What happens if there is an abuse of the title system?
XX) What are the limits in posting in the Off-Topic forum?
FAQ History
Apolyton: Forums: General Usage
Can I search the board? [use the search]
Can I send email to other members of this board?
What is Private Messaging?
How do I use the Member List?
How do I use the calendar?
How do I rate a thread?
What are referrals?
How can I see fewer ads?
What are announcements?
Apolyton: Forums: Reading and Posting Messages
Are there any special codes/tags I can use to format my posts and messages?
What are smilies?
Code Buttons and Clickable Smilies
How do I create and vote in polls?
What Are Attachments?
What are message icons?
Can I edit my own posts?
What Are Moderators?
Why have some of the words in my post been blanked-out?
What is email notification?
Apolyton: File Upload
How can I upload a file on Apolyton?
How do I use the File Upload service?
What do I see in the "View Files" page? How can I delete a file?
What types of files are accepted?
What kind of files are accepted?
What are the size limits? Other restrictions?
How can I link to my files?
Apolyton: CivGroups
What are CivGroups?
How do I join/leave a CivGroup?
Is there a limit in the number of CivGroups i can a member of?
What does joining a CivGroup gives me?
What are CivGroups News?
What can a CivGroup News item be about?
What's a leader/minister (what are his 'special powers'?) and how do I become one?
Civilization III: Gameplay, features, rules, tips
What are the benefits of a expansionist civ?
Are there nukes in CivIII?
What are the effects of a nuclear hit?
I know I need a wonder before making nukes, the Manhattan Project. Is it a major or minor wonder?
Can I load nukes into subs?
Do I need special resources for building nukes?
Is there any way to prevent a nuclear attack on my cities?
Is MAD (cold war Mutual Assured Destruction) implemented?
Are nukes underpowered or just right?
What good are the cruise missles if they are an air unit and you can't put them on ships?
Has firepower really been taken out of Civ3?
Why can't I disband cities with settlers like Civ 2?
Why doesn't a World Wonder in conquered city produce any culture for my civ after I conquered it even though in the manual it say's that I should get the benefits now?
How do I make Great Leaders come about?
I just got a Great Leader(GL). Now what am I supposed to do with him/her??
I have an army, but no ones in it?? What do I do??
I have 3 units in my army, but I have seen the enemy with a 4 unit army. How do I get that many in my army?
Can I upgrade units in my army?
If I build an army, can I move it to another city before loading units into it?
If I build an army, use it, and then build the Pentagon, can I add a fourth unit to it?
Civ-A has a Mutual Protection Pact with Civ-B, and Civ-A attacks you. Is Civ-B going to automatically going to go to war with you?
When I'm talking to some countries I get more options on the diplomacy screen, like signing mutual defence policies, than with other countries. Why?
Wonders like Bach's Cathedral are supposed to cover the entire continent but it doesn't. Why?
How can I build up a new town infrastructure really fast without spending lots of money?
Settlers from powers I do not want to go to war with keep invading "my" territory to plant new settlements. How do I stop them?
Help, half my Civ 2 terraforming options have disappeared! Where are they?
Will resources change or disappear if I cut down these trees or jungle?
Does it matter what sort of tile I found my city on?
What can I do when a belligerent civ demands ridiculous things from me like all my gold or my territory map. If I refuse they'll declare war on me and I can't afford to go to war right now.
The computer always makes unreasonable demands for its tech or luxuries. How can I get my own back?
Once you've started trading a resource, can you stop the trade or does it go for all time?
Is there any way to build an improvement while a city is in revolt or disorder?
I can’t ever seem to trade for an important resource like oil. Why? Is this a bug?
Engineers were in Civ 2, but now it seems im stuck with those Skanky workers. Why??
I'm power-hungry. I want to increase the speed of my workers even more. How can I??
What is REXing?
What is pop-rushing?
Do fresh water squares exist? All I see are coastal squares.
I just saw a civ with an irrigated square with no water next to it, and before electricity! How is this possible?
I'm investing all into Tech, how the heck is the AI keeping up with me so well?
No matter how high I set my research rate, I can't discover new techs in any faster than 4 turns, or any slower than 32 turns [40 post-patch]. What's going on?
Why can't I destroy units with bombardment?
Why is corruption so high? How can I counter this corruption?
Why can't I build Wonder X in my city? It's greyed out in the pop-up.
How can I get a fully-improved city with an odd number of food to stop going through annoying periods of growth/starvation?
How is this one coastal square producing one extra commerce?
How can I cut off an enemy civ's strategic resource supply?
When you defeat an enemy city, do you still steal a tech improvement like in Civ2?
My people are unhappy, the ungrateful scum. How do i find out why? What does each reasoning mean?
How do you stop people from being unhappy??
Can you have a naval blockade?
Can you blockade by blocking roads?
Why do small, weak civilizations attack me randomly?
Why is there no culture, or cultural buildings in cities i'v conquered?
Do you have any advice on hostile barbarian tribes?
What exactly is a "Golden Age?" and what am I supposed to do about it?
I've conquered all civilizations but for some reason I can not find the last city of the final civ. I have gone over the entire map with a microscope but I can not find the Persians. I can have a dialog with them but they are nowhere to be found.
How do I prevent a City from flipping to control of another civ, and what is the formula for determining the chance this will occur?
Civilization III: Interface
Where is a list of all keyboard shortcuts?
Where can I find a manual online?
How does one upgrade a unit?
How does one upgrade all the units of one type?
I didn't change governments when I was offered the chance after researching it, now I can't. Why?
I'm sick of going into the city screen to change a city's production!
I'm playing a game with sixteen civs. I can't see all the civs faces in the Foreign Advisor. What to do?
Did they take the goto city command out of Civ 3?
I've got blue sparks and explosions above some of my cities. What is going on??
I've got orange stuff on the ground near my city. What is it??
How do i speed up my allies movements between turns??
How do I get to the Preferences menu??
Why aren't the people building my palace for me? I am doing great in this game.
How do I contact Civs which I can't see on the map, but I have been introduced to by other Civs?
How do you establish an embassy with another civ?
How do you place a spy into an embassy?
How do you check embassies after you build them?
Next to my city name, there is the population number. It is sometimes red, sometimes yellow, and sometimes red. What does this mean? Also, there is sometimes a white rectangle surrounding said number. What does IT mean?
How do I create a building queue in a city?
Is there a way to "wake" all units of a kind. Say, I am at peace, I fortify my tanks. War breaks out, I want to wake them. Do I have to wake each one of them?
How can I see other civs in the Foreign Advisor screen?
I'm tired of clicking on the "GoTo" command for my units and/or click/mouse-dragging the unit to it's destination.
Is there a faster way to contact another civ than using the foreign advisor screen?
Can workers be put on pollution clean-up duty only?
Is there a keystroke equivalent to clicking the "next city" and "previous city" buttons from the City Screen?
Civilization III: Customization
Why do the changes I make in the editor not work when I start a new game?
How do i get 16 civs in a smaller map?
The Editor seems crippled!
There is pollution everywhere!
I there any way to make a map flat?
How do I add more units to the game?
Civilization III: Bugs, technical questions
How do I change my resolution to remain constantly parallel to my desktop resolution?
Why do I see these strange lines flicking on my monitor when I play civ 3 or "out of scan frequency monitor error"? This doesn’t happen with any other game?
The music sounds funny
The music is too repetitive
I want to listen to CDs but Civilization CD is in there
One of my workers tried to enter one of my cities and was attacked and killed by the troops garrisoned there. I'm taking friendly fire! What gives?
Rise of Nations
When will Rise of Nations be out?
What sort of system will I need to play Rise of Nations?
How many people are working on Rise of Nations?
What are the resources in Rise of Nations?
How many nations are there?
Do nations get special units?
Can games last longer than an hour?
When will I be able to download a demo?
Will there be a public Beta?
How many units are there in the game?
I've heard that peasants will be "smart". How does that work?
What kind of unit limit is there in Rise of Nations?
What is the exact method by which you increase your Population Cap? Will you have to build houses?
Is the game 2D or 3D?
How does the strategic zoom work?
How do the borders work?
Will the game include a scenario or map editor?
Will there be multiplayer and how many players are supported?
Can I select which of the ages my game spans?
Will I be able to record my games to play back later or share with others?
Are formations in the game? What do they do?
Will the game include real world maps?
Why isn't civilization X in the game?
Galactic Civilizations
Civilization IV: Civ4Players
What is this and why is it here?
How do I join the ladder?
Does it cost anything to join?
What are Clans and How do I join one?
Why was the Ladder created in the first place?
Why are there 2 websites - when do I use which?
What's the Store/Amazon purchase offer?
It's simple: we give you or friend of yours a free month of ApolytonPLUS for every purchase you make from:
- The Apolyton Store
- The Amazon stores in
the United States, Canada,
United Kingdom, France and Germany
The process is easy:
a) make the purchase through the links listed above
b) contact us with the following details: full name(only for Apolyton Store purchases), date, item(s) you bought. Dont forget to tell us if you want to add your free month to your existing subscription or if (especially if you're a Lifetime member) you want to make it a gift to a friend.
Note: Non-members can take advantage of this offer as well!
Navbar Footer
Collapse
Apolyton Civilization Site | Copyright © 2013 Apolyton Civilization Site | Privacy Policy
Powered by vBulletin® Version 5.6.1 Copyright © 2020 MH Sub I, LLC dba vBulletin. All rights reserved.
All times are GMT-5. This page was generated at 01:52.
Working...
Yes
No
OK
OK
Cancel
X