http://apolyton.net/content.php/1137-privacy-policy
Login or Sign Up
Logging in...
Remember me
Log in
Forgot password or user name?
or Sign Up
Log in with
Facebook
Home
Announcement
Collapse
No announcement yet.
Privacy Policy
Collapse
Published: January 12, 2014, 08:28
0 comments
Share
Tweet
X
Collapse
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Apolyton Civilization Site collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://apolyton.net website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Apolyton Civilization Site.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Apolyton Civilization Site may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To send periodic emails
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Apolyton Civilization Site has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Apolyton Civilization Site
http://apolyton.net/content.php/145-Apolyton-Staff
2202 SMR
Fairview, UT
USA 84629
josephseeley@gmail.com
This document was last updated on January 11, 2014
Tags:
None
Posting comments is disabled.
Categories
Collapse
Civilization News
Civ5
Info
Prerelease
Strategy-Guide
(P)Reviews
GamesCom
Apolyton Exclusive
Civ5:G&K
Interviews
Info
(P)Reviews
CivBE
Civ:World
Civ4
Guides
Support
Gameplay Concepts
Non-Gameplay Concepts
Civilopedia
Official
(P)Reviews
The List
Waropedia
C4C
Civ3
The List
Civ2
Tips
Strategies
Modification
Stories
The Story
The Viking Scribes
Info
Civ1
Info
FAQs
CtP1
Callings
(P)Reviews
Info
Mac
Interviews
Modification
Chats
DevCor
Units
CtP2
Modification
DataFiles
Slic2
Info
Great Library
Docs
(P)Reviews
SourceCode
SMAC
Info
Factions
Focus
Inside Firaxis
Modding
SMAX
Col
Info
RoN
Civ-General
Misc
Column
About
X-Com
Spanish Civilization Site
Article Tags
Collapse
apolyton
(33)
call to power
(82)
call to power 2
(94)
civilization 1
(22)
civilization 2
(61)
civilization 4
(89)
civilization 4 colinization
(12)
civilization 5
(152)
civilopedia
(14)
colonization
(11)
column
(21)
gods &amp; kings
(11)
gods and kings
(10)
info
(10)
modification
(29)
multiplayer
(17)
patch
(30)
preview
(10)
review
(16)
smac
(55)
smax
(18)
superguide
(13)
the list
(21)
units
(11)
wonders
(13)
Latest Articles
Collapse
Civilization 6 Trailer!
by Aeson
...
Channel: Civilization News
May 25, 2016, 14:46
Civilized Communication: PolyCast, One More Turn in 2016
by DanQ
In 2016 under the Civilized Communication banner, Civilization fans can look forward to the ongoing production of three podcasts. More Civ co-operative multiplay is to be had in the sixth season of TurnCast, further exploration of modding in the series on the eighth season of ModCast and greater Civ strategy conversations...
Channel: Civilization News
January 2, 2016, 16:20
PolyCast Episode 244: "Not Just a Lame Clip Show XVII"
by DanQ
Winter welcome. The two-hundred-and-forty-forth episode of PolyCast, "Not Just a Lame Clip Show XVII", features regular co-hosts Daniel "DanQ" Quick, "Makahlua", Philip "TheMeInTeam" Bellew and "MadDjinn" with then first-time guest co-host Lotfi "ZTZaorish" Kerzabi in the seventeenth compilation of segments archived from previous episode...
Channel: Civilization News
December 31, 2015, 17:26
One More Turn Episode 313: "Another Turn"
by DanQ
The more things change, the more they stay the same until that moment that reverberates. The thirteenth and final episode of dramedy podcast One More Turn's (OMT) third season is now available. Entitled "Another Turn", it has a runtime of 08m10s. A story set in the near future, OMT features geeks deal with non-geeky problems. One can follow the s...
Channel: Civilization News
December 30, 2015, 12:37
PolyCast 2015 Christmas Special: "What Civ Is This?"
by DanQ
Answers aplenty. The 2015 PolyCast Christmas Special, "What Civ Is This?", is now available for netcasting. Join regular panelists Daniel "DanQ" Quick, "Makahlua", Philip "TheMeInTeam" Bellew and "MadDjinn" as they give their take on questions and comments received from members of the show's audience and otherwise in this hour-long...
Channel: Civilization News
December 24, 2015, 01:17
Provide ModCast With Feedback on 2015 Season
by DanQ
Segments inclusion preference? Favourite regular co-host? These are two of the five questions being asked of the 2015 ModCast (MC) audience as its seventh season has concluded.
To provide your input on/by January 02nd, 2016, follow the link below:
http://thepolycast.net/modcastsurvey
ModCast...
Channel: Civilization News
December 23, 2015, 11:47
View All
Apolyton Civilization Site | Copyright © 2013 Apolyton Civilization Site | Privacy Policy
Powered by vBulletin® Version 5.6.1 Copyright © 2020 MH Sub I, LLC dba vBulletin. All rights reserved.
All times are GMT-5. This page was generated at 01:52.
Working...
Yes
No
OK
OK
Cancel
X