http://arcadia.net/MUD/privacy.shtml
Arcadia MUDDestinations
Play:
mud.arcadia.net:4K
Services:
ingress
online help
note spools
who list
{bedlam} client
Information:
game info
game guides
FAQ
GAME RULES
help files
discussion board
Improvements:
change notes
clan upgrades
player housing
Entertainment:
contests
photos
profiles
Et Cetera:
link to arcadia
privacy statment
want to build?
site map
Clients:
bedlam (all)
cmud (win)
putty (win)
rapscallion (mac)
tinyfugue (unix)
tintin++ (all)
HOME
Don't forget tovote for Arcadia!
Arcadia: Privacy in the Game
Arcadia uses any information we collect online to develop and
enhance the game we offer and to help us build our fantasy world.
We take privacy issues seriously and are open about the way data
is collected and used. This policy outlines the principles we
follow.
Data Collection and Use
When you create a character in Arcadia, you need to choose a name
and password for authentication purposes.
Your IP address is also
stored, and available to any immortal in the game, for purposes of
game administration.
When you visit Arcadia's website, Arcadia does not issue cookies.
Arcadia collects no information from you, apart from the browser
you use and your IP address; we can in no way determine personally
identifying information such as name, address, telephone number,
or credit card number with this information alone.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Arcadia does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information
to others, nor does it provide aggregate information of any kind
to third parties.
Protection
Arcadia does not store personal information where it is accessable
to others outside our Implementor staff.
We do everything we can to
ensure that any information you give us is protected against loss
or unauthorized disclosure or access.
Please remember that you are responsible for protecting your
password and must not share it or allow its disclosure it to
anyone. No one from Arcadia will ever ask you for your
password, and we strongly advise that you never give it to anyone.
You, and you alone, are responsible for the actions of your
character.
Immortal Omniscience
While you are in the game, remember that immortals can see much
more of the game's goings on than can any individual mortal
character.
Immortals have a wide variety of tools available to
them for use in game administration — and the higher level
the immortal, the more tools they have at their disposal.
Nothing
on Arcadia (nor any
MUD) is ever truly confidential in the way most people think of as
"private".
In that light, it is advisable to not to exchange
extremely private or sensitive information on Arcadia.
Anything said or done on Arcadia may be used by Immortals
for the purpose of running the game and ensuring the game rules
are obeyed.
That said, Immortals in the game try to respect players'
privacy as much as possible given the nature of the game, and do
not pass on private information we inadvertantly observe in the
course of running the game.
Exceptions
Arcadia reserves the right to release current or past account
information in the event that Arcadia believes that the account
is or was used to commit unlawful acts, or if the information
is subpoenaed. By playing Arcadia, you consent to disclosure of
any record or communication to any third party when Arcadia, in
its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be required by
law or appropriate.