http://australiango.asn.au/privacy-statement/
Privacy Policy
We have committed ourselves to protecting your privacy. We use the information gathered to enable membership and to enhance your online experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy. Australian Go Association Inc will not sell its database of member details or details about member to a third party. Any and all the information collected on this website will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned! We respect the right of users to remain anonymous and will endeavour not to knowingly disclose user identities unless directed by a court of law.
When does Australian Go Association disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Australian Go Association Inc does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Australian Go Association Inc may release members information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Australian Go Assocation Inc, our users, or others.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you place an application to join through this website, we need to know your name, e-mail, phone number and address. This allows us to process and fulfil your membership request successfully. It also helps us in maintaining your account.
What about ‘cookies’?
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. They allow you to place your online order and to login once you are subscribed. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. You will need cookies enabled to use the Australian Go Association Inc website.
Mailing lists
The Australian Go Association maintains mailing lists to help keep members informed of tournaments, activities and other information.  These lists have an unsubscribed link at the bottom of the email.  The Australian Go Association has a legal responsibility to send notices (such as announcing the AGM, sending officer reports etc), these communications are a legal requirements for an Incorporated Association and are sent to all Australian Go Association members.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Australian Go Association Inc. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you wish to discuss any aspect of this Privacy Policy Statement, please feel free to contact us by email to Secretary@AustralianGo.asn.au
AGA – Founding member International Go FederationAGA – Proud supporter of Pair GoAGA on Social MediaCartDonate to the AGA – Click below
Contact us: email: secretary@australiango.asn.au
(c) Australian Go Association Inc. All rights reserved