https://britfoos.com/welcome/about/data-privacy/
You are here: Home1 / Welcome2 / About3 / Data Privacy
Data Privacy Notice
What is the purpose of this policy
So that the BFA can run effectively, we keep some records of our members and other stakeholders. This policy outlines how we manage that information.
How we use personal data.
We use your information to tailor communication from the BFA and make it more relevant to you.
We may contact you with promotional or marketing content about events, tournaments, expert challenges, coaching sessions, and foosball-related videos and written content.
We may also be in touch if we have some admin to sort out; because there’s something potentially interesting to you, or even because you might be able to help out.
What data we collect.
We may ask our members and other stakeholders to share the following with us:
– Name
– Year of Birth
– Gender
– Nationality
– Email Address
– Company Name
– Postcode (optional)
– Telephone Number (optional)
We share our data policy with people at the time when information is shared with us, and we ask for their permission to retain and use it.
What we do with the information, how we store it, and who can see it.
The BFA follows good data protection principles to ensure the safekeeping of personal data.
How information is updated or removed.
To make changes or indeed delete information, people can email member@britfoos.com, or submit revised information through the membership form on our website.
How long information is kept for.
We keep data for as long as we need to, to properly perform our function as the national association. For example, in maintaining rankings we will keep data for as long as required to maintain fair relative rankings. You can ask to have your data removed at any time. Should our grounds for processing your data lapse for a period of 7 years we will automatically remove it from our database.
What to do in case of a problem.
In the case of any issues, people should email contact@britfoos.com outlining their concern or complaint.
Useful LinksVenues
Beginner’s Guide
Buying a Table
About UsAbout
Contact
Corporate Events
Sponsorship
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Accept settingsHide notification onlyOpen Message Bar