http://casinoaffiliatefrauds.com/about-us/privacy-cookies-policy.html
Home
Categories
Back
Betting
Dictionary Word
Entertainment
Finance
Gaming
Gaming affiliates
Geographical
Health
Back
Las Vegas
Lottos
Online Casino
Other games
Others
Poker
Publishing
Back
Journal
Mag
Magazine
News
Week
Others
Excellent Deal
Negotiate
Contact us
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Last updated: June 2018
Internet High Tech Inc. operates https://www.Luckily.com. This page informs you of our policiesregarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users our Site.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the our Site. By using the our Site,you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use :While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contactyou by email.
Log Data :Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site.This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address,browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, thetime spent on those pages and other statistics.In addition, we may use third party services that collect, monitor and analyze this.
Communications :We may use your Personal Information to contact you by email.
Cookies :Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse allcookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may notbe able to use some portions of our Site.
Security :The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method oftransmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to usecommercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolutesecurity.
Changes To This Privacy Policy :This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to anychanges in its provisions in the future, which will come into effect immediately after being posted onthis page.We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check thisPrivacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to thePrivacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consentto abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us :If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
https://luckily.com/contact-us.html