http://commercecasino.com/privacy
Privacy
Data Privacy Policy
California Commerce Club, Inc. (the “Casino”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your personal information. This policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, and disclosing your personal information. This policy applies to information we collect or that you provide on our website, mobile applications, player card enrollment and usage, tournament play, and reportable currency/credit transactions and reportable gaming related activity in compliance with state and federal law. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.
Your Agreement to the Data Privacy Policy.
By using our services and facilities, you agree to the terms of this Data Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend this policy from time to time.
Your continued use of our services and facilities after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Why Do We Collect Your Information?
It is the Casino’s purpose to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act/Title 31 and local and state regulations as well as provide an excellent guest experience.
The Casino, our affiliates and third parties providing services to us or to you on our behalf, will use your personal information for the sole purpose of conducting our business and providing excellent service.
We reserve the right to use your personal information for any other purpose that is reasonably ancillary to the Casino’s business.
The following purposes are illustrative only:
to report certain financial transactions as required by federal law;
to verify your credentials using third parties, including financial institutions and identification verification resources;
to assess gambling activity for responsible gaming purposes, including debarment and self-exclusion/restriction;
to report incidents and events related to gambling as required by state law;
to provide gaming facility services and enhanced player experience services;
statistical analysis, research and development, marketing, customer surveys and customer profiling;
to comply with state and local licensing and regulatory requirements; and
to combat against security risks and fraudulent activity.
What Information Do We Collect?
To meet the purpose stated above, the Casino may obtain from you via various forms and means certain personal information, which may include but not be limited to your name, date of birth, gender, race/nationality, residential address, mailing address, telephone number, email address, social security number, taxpayer identification number, banking information, income, work/employment information, identification card details or visual facial recognition identification (photograph or video still picture).
For any mobile application usage, you may be required to consent to the use of location-based services by us or through third parties acting on our behalf to detect your geographic location.
We do not collect any more personal information from our patrons than is necessary for our purposes.
Personal information which is not needed for federal and state regulatory compliance will be deleted after the applicable statutory requirements.
With Whom Might We Share or Disclose Your Information?
The Casino may disclose or share your personal information as follows to any recipient if required to do so by law, regulation or subpoena: to a regulatory or licensing authority; to third parties for marketing purposes, provided you have consented; to credit reference agencies; to federal government agencies for financial transaction reporting; to third parties for identification verification purposes; and to governmental agencies for gambling related incident reporting.
The Casino believes in good faith that such action is necessary to provide an excellent guest experience and to comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal process served on us.
Marketing and Publicity -- We may use your email address and phone number to provide you with news, promotions and other marketing offers from us.
If you no longer wish to receive these promotional communications, newsletters and marketing offers, you may opt-out of receiving them either when you register with us initially, or subsequently by following the “opt-out” instructions included in each communication.
You may notify us at any time that you do not wish to receive any promotional communications from us.
We will only use your personal information in publicity materials with your written consent.
Legal Disclosures -- Due to the legal and regulatory environment in which we operate, we may be required to disclose your personal information and we may not be permitted to inform you that we have done so. We will make all reasonable efforts to limit such disclosure to situations where we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in response to (1) a subpoena, warrant or other legal process; or (2) legal obligation or business necessity to cooperate with local, state or federal law enforcement agencies.
Please read carefully:
You are authorizing the Casino to disclose your personal identifying information (as described in Paragraph 3 above) to third party law enforcement agents or official government bodies when the Casino, in its sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate to cooperate with an inquiry or investigation of money-laundering, fraud, suspicious activity, behavior inimical to the Casino’s interests, other criminal or unlawful behavior, or any other activity that may expose the Casino to legal liability.
How Do We Secure Your Information?
For information that is maintained in electronic form, we utilize server, database, backup, firewall and encryption technologies to secure that information.
For information that is maintained in paper form, we keep that information secured and access thereto is limited to personnel with appropriate rights.
While we have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss or unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure; unfortunately, the transmission of information via electronic means is not completely secure.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website, applications or other electronic services.
Any electronic transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
What Are Your Rights?
You can contact us at any time to review, change, or obtain a copy of your information in accordance with applicable law.
We may require evidence of and be satisfied as to your identity before we take any requested action.
Your California Privacy Rights -- California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our website, applications or other electronic services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
We will comply with requests under the code.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page.
You are responsible for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes that may affect you.
How To Contact Us.
To ask questions, make requests or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: Commerce Casino, Legal Department, 6131 E. Telegraph Road, Los Angeles, CA 90040, (323) 721-2100, dataprivacy@commercecasino.net.
Children
Children (persons under the age of 21) are not permitted to gamble in casinos, loiter in gaming areas, or drink alcoholic beverages. If you are under the age of 21, we ask that you do not gamble or loiter in our gaming areas, consume alcoholic beverages, and that you do not provide any Personal Information to us.
Responsible Gambling
We encourage our customers to “Play Responsibly.” While most individuals gamble for entertainment purposes, some individuals may develop a gambling problem. The Commerce Casino & Hotel offers a Voluntary Self-Exclusion program as described in this website. Individuals who sign up for this program will not receive any marketing materials or information about products or services during their self-exclusion period.
Players Card Login
Invalid credentials.Please check your email and password and try again:
Mailing List Sign Up
Join our mailing list for promotions, exclusives, and the latest Commerce news.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Delete your profile
Are you sure you'd like to delete your profile?
Deletion of your profile will only affect your online profile and will not affect or otherwise delete your play history.
Temporary Casino ClosureClick here for more information