https://doggonecrazy.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Contact info: joan@doggonecrazy.ca
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Doggone Crazy! Inc, including the websites doggonecrazy.ca and doggonecrazycourses.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by these web sites. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
We do not collect any credit card information directly and we have no access to this information. When you make a purchase from us you are redirected to PayPal and they look after the security of this information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at joan@doggonecrazy.ca
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.