http://edulence.com/privacy-policy/
Effective: May 25, 2018.
Privacy Policy
At Edulence, we take our responsibility to protect your personal information very seriously. That is why we would like you to be aware of our policies and procedures for collecting, disclosing, and safeguarding the information that our customers and former customers provide to us.
What Information We Collect
We gather two types of information about users through the Site:
Information relating to your use of our Site. When users come to our Site, we may track, collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of our Site were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were “clicked.” We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to our Site. Collecting such information may involve logging the IP address, operating system and browser software used by each user of the Site. We may be able to determine from an IP address a user’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
We also use (or may use) cookies and web beacons when you visit our Site. For more information on our use of cookies and web beacons, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Personally Identifiable Information provided directly by you or via third parties. We collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you register for an account, update or change information for your account, purchase products or services, complete a survey, sign-up for email updates, participate in our public forums, send us email messages, and/or participate or other services on our Site. We may use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific course and/or services you select, and send you email messages about Site maintenance or updates.
Account Registration. If you register for an account on our Site, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address.
Updates. Edulence may offer you the ability to receive updates either via email or by posting on portions of the Site only accessible to registered users. In order to subscribe to these services, you may be required to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and email address.
Participation in Online Courses. Edulence offers users the opportunity to participate in an online course on or through the Site. If you desire to participate in a course, you will be asked to provide us with certain information necessary to conduct such a course. This information may include, among other things, your name and email address.
If you participate in an online course, we may collect from you certain user-generated content, such as assignments you submit to instructors, peer-graded assignments, peer feedback. We also collect course data quizzes, standalone quizzes, exams, and surveys. You should not include any Personally Identifiable Information or other information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person, on assignments, exams, or surveys, except for information required to participate or submit such assignments, exams, or surveys.
Identity Verification. Edulence may offer you the ability to verify your identity for selected classes. In order to enroll for these services, you may be required to provide us or our third-party identity verification vendor with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, address, date of birth, a headshot taken using a webcam, and a photo identification document. Additionally, if you apply for financial aid in connection with these services, you may be required to provide information regarding your income.
Communications with Edulence. We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us.
Third Party Sites. We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you access or log-in to a third party site, e.g., Facebook, from our Sites. This may include the text and/or images of your Personally Identifiable Information available from the third party site.
Surveys. We may receive Personally Identifiable Information when you provide information in response to a survey operated by us. This may include details about your race, your education history, and your employment.
Third Party Credit Card Processing. Edulence provides you with the ability to pay for services using a credit card through a third party payment processing service provider. Please note that our service provider – not Edulence – collects and processes your credit card information.
How We Use the Information
Information relating to your use of our Site. We use information relating to your use of the Site to build higher quality, more useful services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of our Site. We may also use this information to ensure the security of our services and the Site.
Personally Identifiable Information provided directly by you or via third parties. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Edulence will not disclose any of your Personally Identifiable Information. In addition to the other uses set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose and otherwise use Personally Identifiable Information as described below.
Providing the Site and our services. We use Personally Identifiable Information which you provide to us in order to allow you to access and use the Site and in order to provide any information, products or services that you request from us.
Updates. We use Personally Identifiable Information collected when you sign-up for our various email or update services to send you the messages in connection with the Site and our Services. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you, where we are legally entitled to do so.
Identity Verification. For services that require identity verification, we use the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect for verifying your identity, and for authenticating that submissions made on the Site were made by you. This service may be provided through a third-party identity verification vendor.
Communications with Edulence. When you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, we may use the information provided by you to respond to your communication and/or as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also archive this information and/or use it for future communications with you where we are legally entitled to do so.
Disclosure to Edulence Operations and Maintenance Contractors. We use various service providers, vendors and contractors (collectively, “Contractors”) to assist us in providing our products and services to you. Our Contractors may have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing their products or services to us, so that we in turn can provide our products and services to you. These Contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Site. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for us.
Government Authorities, Legal Rights and Actions. Edulence may share your Personally Identifiable Information with various government authorities in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights or to protect our property; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us. We also may share your Personally Identifiable Information when we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Edulence, the Site, our users, customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements.
Disclosure to Acquirers. Edulence may disclose and/or transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to an acquirer, assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity, business or assets of Edulence to which your Personally Identifiable Information relates.
International Privacy Practices
Edulence’s Sites are primarily operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States. In order to provide our products and services to you, we may send and store your Personally Identifiable Information (also commonly referred to as personal data) outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to the United States. Accordingly, if you reside or are located outside of the United States, your Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide the same level of protection for your Personally Identifiable Information. We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information when it is transferred. If you reside or are located within the EEA and such transfers occur, we take appropriate steps to provide the same level of protection for the processing carried out in any such countries as you would have within the EEA to the extent feasible under applicable law.
Changing Our Privacy Policy
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Site. We will notify you of any material change to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our Site’s homepage for a reasonable period of time following such update, and by changing the effective date (located at the top of this page). Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, transfer of your personal information from the EEA to the U.S., our other terms of service, or your consent choices by email at support@edulence.com or at the physical address below.
Edulence
79 Madison Avenue
15th Floor
New York, NY 10016
212.792.5800
Knowledgelink 79 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor New York, New York 10016 Tel: 212.792.5800 | Fax: 212.792.5810
Refer a Friend | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Request Support | Contact Us | Sign up for our Newsletter
© 2020 eLearning Brothers. All rights reserved.