http://elbowrivercasino.com/privacy-policy/
DiningAbout
The Night Is Young
Elbow River Casino is Calgary’s best casino, centrally located in downtown Calgary. Come for the food, stay for the fun – let the good times roll!
Previous
Next
Privacy Policy
Information
Elbow River Casino Ltd. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to the information that you voluntarily give us, via email or other direct contact from you.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary, to fulfill your request.
We may contact you, via email in the future, to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
At the Elbow River Casino, your privacy is very important to us. We do not allow anyone access to our customer email lists, or individual and/or organizational contact data, and we will never sell or otherwise pass on personal information to third parties.
This policy relates to our privacy practices in connection with our website, www.elbowrivercasino.com. It does not describe information collection practices in relation to other websites, including those linked to or from the Site.
Elbow River Casino Ltd. is not responsible for any misuse of information and or actions taken by a user.
Membership Data
Membership data submitted through the website or in-person at the Elbow River Casino is subject to the same safeguards as any other sensitive data within the casino.  Thank you for your patronage.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site, and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies also allow us to track and target the interests of our users, to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Disclosure to Law Enforcement
We may disclose any subscriber information to law enforcement agencies without further consent or notification to the subscriber, upon lawful request from such agencies. We will cooperate fully with law enforcement agencies.
Changes
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here, and will supersede this version of our Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy. However, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website, to ensure that it still meets with your approval.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately, via telephone, at 403.289.8880 Ext 219 or via email, at marketing@elbowrivercasino.com.
Notice – Are you under 18 years old?
The Elbow River Casino does not intentionally collect personal data of persons under 18 years old. Please do not send us your personal information (for example, your name, address and email address). If you wish to ask a question or use this website, or if you are required to submit personal information, please get your parent or guardian to do so.
Copyright of the Elbow River Casino information, whether in printed or electronic format, is held by Copyright Law. No person may download or reproduce copies of the company information for any purpose, other than personal use, without the consent of the Elbow River Casino Ltd.
Interested in booking a group event? We have many options to satisfy your crowd.