https://emergent.net/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyEmergent.net (“Emergent”) operates Emergent.net and may operate other websites. It is Emergent’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. Website Visitors Like most website operators, Emergent collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Emergent purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Emergent visitors use its website. From time to time, Emergent may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Emergent also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Emergent.net blogs/sites. Emergent only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left. Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information Certain visitors to Emergent websites choose to interact with Emergent in ways that require Emergent to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Emergent gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Emergent.net to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Emergent are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Emergent collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Emergent. Emergent does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. Aggregated Statistics Emergent may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Emergent may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Emergent does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information Emergent discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Emergent behalf or to provide services available at Emergent websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Emergent websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Emergent will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Emergent discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Emergent believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Emergent, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Emergent website and have supplied your email address, Emergent may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Emergent and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Emergent takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Emergent uses cookies to help Emergent identify and track visitors, their usage of Emergent website, and their website access preferences. Emergent visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Emergent websites, with the drawback that certain features of Emergent websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Business Transfers If Emergent, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Emergent goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Emergent may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. Ads Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Emergent and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, Emergent may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Emergent sole discretion. Emergent encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Emergent.net account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Popular Posts
3 Step Stamina Review
Metabolic Cooking Review
Yeast Infection No More Review
Language of Desire Review
Paleohacks Snacks Cookbook Review
The All Natural Kidney Health and Kidney Function Restoration Program Review
Paleohacks 30 Day Challenge Review
The Bone Broth Cookbook Review
Blood Pressure Protocol Review
Paleo Hacks Cook Book Review
Thin Air Review
Heartburn No More Review
The Organic Total Body Reboot Review
Truth About Cellulite Review
Brad Pilon’s Good Belly, Bad Belly Reviews
Survive In Bed Review
How To Kiss A Man To Make Him Fall In Love Review
Scott Foster’s Love Commands Review
Healing Gourmet’s Better Breads Book Review
Pregnancy Miracle Review
Yoga Burn For Women Review
Eat Stop Eat Review
How To Make Him Desire You Review
Old School New Body Review
Lean Belly Breakthrough Review
Unlock Your Hip Flexors Review
Big Diabetes Lie Review
Penis Enlargement Remedy Review