http://entersports.net/privacy.html
Privacy Statement for
EnterSports Inc.
EnterSports Inc.
has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for our sites: Clickoff Classic,
March Madnet and all-lasvegas.com.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Cookies
We may use cookies to store entry form and personal preference information so you do not have to re-enter that information every week.
Advertisers
We sometimes use outside ad companies to display banner ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we may use cookies in other parts of our Web sites, cookies received with banner ads are
collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies, but this data is aggregated and not individually identified or associated with a specific person (i.e. "80% of our players are male").
Contests
We ask our contest players for contact information (i.e. e-mail address), and demographic information (i.e. ZIP code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the contests is used to:
Verify winners
Deliver prizes
Notify players of score postings and other current contest information
Notify players of new contests
Send promotional material or offers from some of our partners, advertisers or sponsors
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings
(see the choice/opt-out section below). Opting out of mailings does not affect your chances of
winning any of our contests.
Demographic and profile data also are collected at our sites.
This information is shared with partners, advertisers and sponsors on an aggregate basis.
We may use this data to tailor our visitors' experience at our sites, showing them content that we think they might
be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
External Links
Our sites contain links to other sites.
EnterSports Inc.
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
From time to time, we enter into agreements with co-branding partners, content providers, business partners, sponsors and advertisers.
These agreements help us keep our contests free to play.
These agreements may call for the sharing of aggregated player information and contact information with the partner.
EnterSports Inc. encourages all its partners to adopt privacy policies, but we are not responsible for a partner's use of this information.
Public Forums
Our sites may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
Our sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Children's Guidelines
You must be at least 18 years old to play our contests.
Therefore, our sites do not collect information from children and do not offer parents access to this information as outlined in the Online Privacy Protection Act guidelines.
Choice/Opt-Out
To opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us, send e-mail to
steve@entersports.net.
Data Quality/Access
To change or modify information previously provided, send e-mail to
steve@entersports.net.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our sites, or your dealings with our sites, you can contact
steve@entersports.net.