https://ffxii.us/privacy-policy
Database
Accessories
Augments
Armor
Bazaar Packages
Bestiary
Gambits
Grimoires
Items
Loot
Technicks
Weapons
Media
Art
Fanart
GIFs
Magazine Scans
Lore
Airships
Bestiary
Characters
Espers
Locations
Races
Story
Characters
Ashe
Balthier
Basch
Fran
Penelo
Vaan
Jobs
[Overview]
Archer
Black Mage
Bushi
Foebreaker
Knight
Machinist
Monk
Red Battlemage
Shikari
Time Battlemage
Uhlan
White Mage
Hunts
Trial Mode
Side Quests
Hidden Espers
Hunt Club
Sky Pirate’s Den
Purchase
"All hail Vaan, sky pirate of Dalmasca. It's got a nice ring to it."   —Penelo
Privacy PolicyFFXII US (“FFXII US”) operates ffxii.us and may operate other websites. It is FFXII US’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, FFXII US collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. FFXII US’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how FFXII US’ visitors use its website. From time to time, FFXII US may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
FFXII US also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on ffxii.us blogs/sites. FFXII US only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally Identifying Information
Certain visitors to FFXII US’ websites choose to interact with FFXII US in ways that require FFXII US to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that FFXII US gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at ffxii.us to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with FFXII US are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, FFXII US collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with FFXII US. FFXII US does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
FFXII US may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. FFXII US may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, FFXII US does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
FFXII US discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on FFXII US’ behalf or to provide services available at FFXII US’ websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using FFXII US’ websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. FFXII US will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, FFXII US discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when FFXII US believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of FFXII US, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an FFXII US website and have supplied your email address, FFXII US may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with FFXII US and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. FFXII US takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. FFXII US uses cookies to help FFXII US identify and track visitors, their usage of FFXII US website, and their website access preferences. FFXII US visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using FFXII US’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of FFXII US’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If FFXII US, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that FFXII US goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of FFXII US may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by FFXII US and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, FFXII US may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in FFXII US’ sole discretion. FFXII US encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a ffxii.us account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Popular Content
Hunts
Hunt Club
Bazaar Packages
Trial Mode
Jobs
Technicks
Augments
Tweets by ffxiius
Follow @ffxiius
The Zodiac Age