http://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/help/terms/
Menu
Forum list
Trending
Latest
New posts
Paradox
Store
Mods
Wiki
Launcher
Support
PDXCON 2019
Paradox Forum
Featured
Forums
New posts
All threads
Latest threads
New posts
Trending threads
Trending
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New threadmarks
Latest activity
Browse Topics
Search
Search titles only
Search dev posts only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Search titles only
Search dev posts only
By:
Search
Advanced…
Log in
Register
Forum list
Trending
Latest
New posts
Help
Terms and rules
Menu
Crusader Kings III Available Now!
The realm rejoices as Paradox Interactive announces the launch of Crusader Kings III, the latest entry in the publisher’s grand strategy role-playing game franchise. Advisors may now jockey for positions of influence and adversaries should save their schemes for another day, because on this day Crusader Kings III can be purchased on Steam, the Paradox Store, and other major online retailers.
Buy now
Real Strategy Requires Cunning
Help pages
Help
Ranks
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
RULES OF CONDUCT
Last updated 2019-03-27
These Rules of Conduct constitute a legal agreement between you (“you”, “your” or “user”) and Paradox Interactive AB (“Paradox”, “we” or “us”), and governs your use of Paradox´s community forum (the “Forum”).
The Forum is intended to be a place where you and other Paradox fans can gather around and engage in discussions on various subjects (primarily Paradox’s games) in a friendly and non-aggressive environment. Paradox wants every person to have an enjoyable experience and these Rules of Conduct have been written in accordance with this goal.
Using the Forum requires you to create a Paradox Account (“Account”). Creation of an Account requires you to accept, in addition to these Rules of Conduct, Paradox’s Term of Use (https://www.paradoxplaza.com/terms-use) and Privacy Policy (https://www.paradoxplaza.com/privacy).
Some parts of the Forum can be accessed and read without creating an account.
The Privacy Policy contains important information on Paradox’s practices in relation to the collection, use, storage and other processing of your Personal Information. Please review the Privacy Policy carefully.
Paradox does not warrant that any message on the Forum is accurate, complete or useful, and Paradox is not responsible for the content of any message or post. You remain solely responsible for the content of your post or message and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Paradox, its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, representatives and agents with respect to any claim based upon transmission and/or content of your post or message. Any posts or messages express the views of the author, not necessarily the views of Paradox and its staff.
The Rules of Conduct are subject to change without notice. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are aware of the current rules and guidelines for posting.
The first time you use the Forum, you will be prompted to choose a name which will be shown in relation to any message that you post on the Forum. 	You agree not to pick a name which is offensive, protected by copyright or trade mark, or which impersonates a Paradox staff member or another real person.
You shall at all times respect and refrain from harassing and/or personally attacking other users or the staff of Paradox. You agree to respect the rights of other users to have their own and maybe differing opinions. You shall not send any messages or posts that are considered foul, vulgar, sexually harassing, racially offensive or in any way discriminatory. This includes, but is not limited to, sexist language, ethnic slurs, hate speech and religious epithets. Paradox reserves the right to, in its sole discretion, remove any such posts or messages.
Furthermore, you may not make any posts or messages that are inflammatory with the perceived intent to rile people up (i.e. "trolling" and "flaming") or post any messages that are off-topic. Chain letters, pyramid schemes and solicitations of any kind are not allowed on this Board.
Except for the specially designated "other language" sub-forums, all posts are to be in English as that is the common language of the Forum moderators.
Any user who feels that a message or post is objectionable is encouraged to report the post or message using the “Report”-option at the bottom of the message.
We do not tolerate Toxic behavior and if you are found to be spreading Toxicity you will be issued a suspension and final warning. If you are found to be spreading Toxicity again your account will be permanently banned.
In general any post that is overly negative, doesn't contribute to the forum or simply contains foul language and insults is toxic. If your post doesn't contribute and instead serves as a way to stir up more negativity and rage from other users, it's toxic. Keep this in mind:
- Look at your post history. If the majority of your posts are troll posts against other players or telling other players that the Paradox team doesn't care/doesn't listen/doesn't know what they are doing, that's not productive. Don't reply to posts to say no one will reply. If you aren't looking to help the player with a question please do not respond.
- Posts that contain threats, attacks, insults aimed at Paradox staff or zero-value trolls will be deleted. They may also result in an immediate and permanent revocation of posting privileges. These will not use a time consuming infraction system. A good guideline to use for tone is: If you wouldn’t want someone walking into your living room speaking the words you’re about to post; it’s best to find another way to say it.
You are responsible for the security of your Account. Any post or message from your Account will be attributable to the Account holder. It is the Account holder’s responsibility to keep the Account secure. It is no defence to say that a sister, brother, friend, or someone else posted an objectionable message or post. Therefore, we strongly urge you to keep your password secret.
You agree not to attempt to, or aid others to, bypass Forum security measures. These measures include, but are not limited to; reregistering new user names to bypass bans, starting a new thread to bypass thread closures, hacking into any part of the Board, Posting messages for Banned members, bypassing moderator’s decisions about content, attempts to obtain privileges only available to Paradox staff or beta members.
Posts or messages with the incentive to sell, buy, or trade products or services, links to auctions, affiliate links, links to promote personal or commercial websites, blogs, personal social media channels and other forums is not allowed without the permission of Paradox.
Links to polls are not allowed without permission from Paradox (bit of context: several years ago polls were available to everyone and this turned into a spam fest with polls about this, that and everything in between).
Posting in threads that are over 6 months old (also known as "necro/necromancy posting") is frowned upon and if you have come across a thread relating to your issue that is this old, please make a new thread about the issue.
You may not post or message any illegal content, or links to illegal content. You may not post or message any material, or links to such material, which
Depicts Nazi symbols or Nazi propaganda;
Is pornographic, sexually offensive or otherwise unsuitable for family or office environment (NSFW);
Constitute an infringement of intellectual property rights; or
Discuss the distribution/growing/cutting/manufacture of drugs.
In addition to these general Rules of Conduct, each sub-forum may contain additional rules (posted at the top of such sub-forum), which you agree to obey and follow when you post a message or post.
Do not publicly disclose your or any other member's email, real name, address, phone number, IP address, or other personal information. Do not disclose emails, private messages (PMs), ignore lists, infractions, warnings or bans. Paradox is not responsible for any personal information you choose to disclose.
Your signature should be composed of the default font size or smaller and should be ten (10) lines maximum (including lines of spaces) when viewed at 1200 x 1080, and with the "User post bit set left". That means the option to display user information on the left of the post rather than the top of the post. We strongly encourage much shorter signatures.
Your signature should conform to the normal Rules of Conduct regarding content;
Your signature should not include ASCII made images;
Your signature should not include vBB code quotes;
Colours, links (in accordance with the Rules of Conduct) and other vBB codes may be used. Note, however that bad nesting of vBB tags may cause problems and these signatures may be removed without notice;
Any signature seen as being overly long is liable to be removed without notice;
Inflammatory Political Statements or Quotes are not permitted in signatures and will be removed; and
The Forum moderators have the final say over what is deemed an appropriate signature.
If, for any reason, you are in violation of any these Rules of Conduct, Terms of Use, or any sub-forum specific rules, then your privileges to post to this Forum will be reviewed by a Paradox Moderator/Administrator. The penalties range from a friendly warning or an Infraction with a value of 1 or more points, a ban from a particular thread, subject, or forum, a timed ban from the Board (for a specified time), a total posting ban (you may still read the forums) or in extreme cases a total IP ban (you will not be able to read the forums). If the matter warrants it then you might also be reported to your ISP/appropriate authorities. If you are given "Probation" Status you will be restricted from posting in specific sub-forums and other forums such as AAR and OT.
Paradox Forum staff (Moderators and Administrators) have the final say over what constitutes a violation of the Rules of Conduct, the Terms of Use and the sub-forum rules. Paradox reserves the right to terminate your account without warning and move/delete/close posts/threads without further explanation. Please note that a Paradox Moderator is to be taken notice of no matter which forum he happens to post in. If a warning or infraction is sent by a Staff Member it will be sent by PM. It is your responsibility to ensure that your PM box is clear to receive such PMs. If your offence requires a temporary or permanent Ban (other than an automatic one for point accumulation) a notice will be sent by an Administrator (as these are the only Staff able to authorize this level of penalty) to your registered e-mail address. It is your responsibility to ensure that your e-mail address is a valid one and able to receive such e-mails. If for any reason an e-mail to your account is bounced back then your account will be banned until you contact us – Paradox will not attempt to re-contact you. This is a game forum and was never intended to facilitate the needs of everyone who wants to talk about anything at any time. Moderators and Administrators are used to keep the content in-line with Paradox’s vision and purpose of this forum.
All administrative actions taken by the Forum staff should be considered a settled matter. These actions include, but are not limited to: delete/close/move thread/post, banning, warnings and Infractions. Public posts challenging or questioning the decision of a Moderator or Administrator will be deleted and penalties liable by the user. Users that wish to contest a decision should send a PM to the Moderator. If the situation cannot be resolved to mutual satisfaction, then you can escalate the matter by sending an e-mail to: forum_admin@paradoxplaza.com. Any decision given from there is final and not subject to debate.
Rules of conduct at Paradox events
Paradox is dedicated to providing a conference experience for everyone, regardless of race, religion, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size or age. We do not tolerate racism, hate speech or harassment of conference participants in any form.
Harassment includes, but is not limited to:
Verbal comments that reinforce social structures of domination related to race, age, religion, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance or body size.
Sexual images in public spaces
Public display of imagery or clothing associated with hate-speech and racism, INCLUDING those deemed illegal under Swedish law. For example the public display of swastikas, the SS totenkopf or other symbols associated with nazism.
Deliberate intimidation, stalking, harassing photography or recording
Sustained disruption of talks or other events
Inappropriate physical contact or unwelcome sexual attention
Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviour
Conference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference without a refund at the discretion of the conference organizers.
Paradox Interactive AB
Västgötagatan 5
118 27 Stockholm
Sweden
Help
Top
Bottom
STOP! COOKIE TIME
We use cookies (sadly not the edible ones) to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.
Accept
Manage cookies