https://gbhcasino.com/rewards/one-rewards-terms-conditions/
Your rewards. your way.
Program Overview
Benefits
Atlantis Bahamas Vacation Packages
Casino Transportation
Guest Experience Enhancements
Earn & Redeem Points
Free Slot Play
Featured Products
Dining Rewards
Price Privileges™ fuel discount cards
Program Terms & Conditions
Menu
Program Overview
Benefits
Atlantis Bahamas Vacation Packages
Casino Transportation
Guest Experience Enhancements
Earn & Redeem Points
Free Slot Play
Featured Products
Dining Rewards
Price Privileges™ fuel discount cards
Program Terms & Conditions
One Rewards
Terms and Conditions
To be eligible to become a Member (each, a “Member”) in the One Rewards (“ONE”) Program (the “Program”) at Casino Woodbine, Pickering Casino Resort and Great Blue Heron Casino (each a “Site”, collectively the “Sites”), a patron must: (i) be 19 years of age or older; (ii) not be inactive, self- excluded, archived or trespassed; and (iii) not be an officer, director or employee of One Toronto Gaming (“One Toronto”) who conducts business on behalf of Ontario Gaming GTA Limited Partnership (“OGGTA”) or Great Canadian Gaming Corporation (“GCGC”) or the Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario (“AGCO”) or an employee of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (“OLG”). There is no fee payable to obtain membership in the Program. To participate in the Program, a Member must comply with these ONE Terms and Conditions (“Terms”), which form an agreement between the Member and ONE TORONTO and are intended to be legally Casino Ajax is not a Site for the purpose of the Program.
There are two (2) types of Points (each, a “Point” and collectively, the “Points”) that can be earned in relation to the Program, as follows:
Rewards Points: Rewards Points (each, a “Reward Point” and collectively, the “Rewards Points”) are accumulated through qualifying recorded slot and/or electronic table games play at any Site listed above in Section To record slot and/or electronic table games play, a Member must properly insert their valid ONE Card (the “Card”) into the slot machine or electronic table game for the entire duration of play that the Member wants recorded. Rewards Points will be awarded at a rate determined by One Toronto in its sole discretion. Play at live table games does not earn Rewards Points.
Once earned in accordance with these Terms, Reward Points properly accumulated by a Member in accordance with these Terms can be redeemed for a Reward or Rewards (each, a “Reward” and collectively, the “Rewards”) pursuant to these Terms. Except as otherwise noted in these Terms, Reward Points do not expire. See Section 5 for details on redeeming Reward Points.
Tier Points: Tier Points (each, a “Tier Point” and collectively, the “Tier Points”) are accumulated through qualifying recorded slot and/or table games play at any Site listed above in Section 1. To record slot play, a Member must properly insert their valid Card into the slot machine for the entire duration of slot play that the Member wants recorded. To record table play, a Member must insert their valid Card into an eligible electronic table game for the entire duration of play that the Member wants recorded or present their valid Card to the dealer at a live table Tier Points will be awarded at a rate determined by One Toronto in its sole discretion, as follows:
Play Activity Recorded with One Rewards Card
Tier Point Accumulation
(Ruby, Silver, Gold and Privé Membership Levels)
Every $5 Bet in Reel and Video Slots
1 Tier Point
Every $0.38 in Theoretical Win on Video Poker
1 Tier Points
Every $0.38 in Theoretical Win on Electronic Table Games
1 Tier Points
Every $0.38 in Theoretical Win on Live Table Games
1 Tier Points
Tier Points have no redemption value. Instead, Tier Points are used only to determine a Member’s membership
level in the Program, as follows:
Number of Tier Points accumulated by the Member annually between January 1 and December 31 (each, a
“Tier Year”):
Membership Level
0 to 999 Tier Points
Ruby Membership Level
1,000 to 9,999 Tier Points
Silver Membership Level
10,000 to 59,999 Tier Points
Gold Membership Level
60,000+ Tier Points
Privé Membership Level
Initiation Only
Elite Membership Level
Membership Level is based on the number of Tier Points collected in the previous year of play (Jan 1 – Dec 31). A
Member’s Tier Points will automatically be reset to Zero (0) at the beginning of the next applicable Tier Year. This will not
affect the Membership Level until the following year.
Important Note: A Member will not be eligible to earn any Rewards Points or Tier Points in this Program in relation to qualifying recorded slot and/or table games play at Casino Ajax. Further, any qualifying recorded slot and/or table games play at any Site listed above in Section 1 will not count towards the accumulation of any points in any other provincial programs.
A Member with multiple Cards can insert their Cards at multiple slot machines if playing more than one spot, at the discretion of the staff at a Site. The maximum number of Cards that a single Member can have simultaneously inserted into different slot machines is limited to three (3) Cards. It is the Member’s responsibility to ensure that the Card is properly inserted into the slot machine and accepted for A Member’s Card can only be used by the named Card holder and may not be placed in card readers or otherwise used by any other individual or entity.
Points will automatically be tracked and allocated to each Member’s account by ONE TORONTO in accordance with its official records. Points have no value outside of this Program. Points cannot be assigned, exchanged, traded, bartered, purchased, given by gift or otherwise sold. Any Points so acquired are void. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, ONE TORONTO may, at its sole discretion, agree to transfer Reward Points to the Card of the surviving spouse of a deceased Member (provided such spouse is or becomes a Member of the Program in accordance with these Terms). The accumulation of Points does not entitle the Member to any vested rights, and ONE TORONTO does not guarantee in any way the continued availability of, any Reward or any other benefit. All Points are subject to verification at any time and for any reason. ONE TORONTO reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to invalidate any Points that ONE TORONTO deems to have been awarded in error, or as the result of any fraudulent activity, or any activity not in keeping with the letter and/or spirit of these Terms, as interpreted by ONE TORONTO in its sole Any Points that cannot be verified to the complete satisfaction of ONE TORONTO are subject to disqualification. ONE TORONTO, the AGCO, ONE TORONTO’s advertising, promotion and management agencies, OLG, and each of their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, prize suppliers, advertising/promotion agencies (collectively, its “Representatives”) and any entity involved in the development, production, administration, or fulfillment of the Program, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Released Parties”) will not be liable for, and accept no liability whatsoever in relation to, the failure of any Points to be captured or recorded for any reason. Any Points accumulated through misuse of the Card, abuse or fraud (all as determined by ONE TORONTO in its sole discretion) will be forfeited. All determinations regarding whether a Member is eligible to earn Points in accordance with these Terms will be made by ONE TORONTO in its sole discretion.
As noted in Section 2, Reward Points may be redeemed by a Member for a Reward or Rewards in accordance with the Reward Points redemption schedule currently in force and available at the One Rewards desk at a Each Reward will be associated with a specified number of Reward Points. To be eligible to redeem a Reward, the Member must have (at a minimum) the specified number of Reward Points associated with the applicable Reward. All Rewards are subject to availability at the time of the redemption request. ONE TORONTO may, in its sole discretion, cease to offer any Rewards, and may, in its sole discretion, substitute a similar Reward of equivalent or greater value for any reason. The Reward Point value associated with each Reward shall be set by ONE TORONTO, in its sole discretion, and is subject to change without notice. The Released Parties are not responsible for, and accept no liability whatsoever in relation to, incorrect Reward Point values displayed in relation to the redemption schedule or elsewhere. After a Reward is redeemed by a Member, the specified number of Reward Points will automatically be debited from the Member’s account. Reward Points may not be redeemed by any person other than the Member associated with the Reward Points. From time to time, ONE TORONTO may advertise or offer exclusive offers to select Members to redeem Reward Points for items other than a Reward, or receive other benefits (including, but not limited to, complimentary offers).
There are Complimentary Offers (each, a “Comp” and collectively, the “Comps”) that may be awarded in relation to the Program, as follows:
Resort Comps: Resort Comps are accumulated through qualifying recorded slot play and table games play at any Site listed above in Section 1. To record slot play or table games play, a Member must properly insert into the slot machine or present at a table game their valid ONE Card (the “Card”) for the entire duration of slot or table game play that the Member wants Resort Comps will be awarded at a value determined by One Toronto in its sole discretion using a combination of data driven attributes.
Once issued in accordance with these Terms, Resort Comps awarded to a Member in accordance with these Terms can be redeemed for a Resort Reward or Resort Rewards (each, a “Resort Reward” and collectively, the “Resort Rewards”) at participating outlets pursuant to these Terms. Except as otherwise noted in these Terms, available Resort Comp value is determined by data driven attributes over the previous rolling 180 days. Resort Rewards may not be applied towards the purchase of alcohol or combined with other special offers.
Discretionary Comps: Discretionary Comps may be awarded at the discretion of One Toronto. The amount of discretionary Comps issued is determined at the discretion of the issuer using a combination of data driven attributes (defined below):
Player tier level;
Average earned comp per trip;
Available comp value;
Rolling 12-month coin in; and
Rolling 12-month visit
Comps will be tracked and allocated to each Member’s account by One Toronto in accordance with its official records. Comps have no value outside of this Program. Comps cannot be assigned, exchanged, traded, bartered, purchased, given by gift or otherwise Any Comps so acquired are void. The accumulation of Comps does not entitle the Member to any vested rights, and One Toronto does not guarantee in any way the continued availability of, any Reward or any other benefit. All Comps are subject to verification at any time and for any reason. One Toronto reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to invalidate any Comps that One Toronto deems to have been awarded in error, or as the result of any fraudulent activity, or any activity not in keeping with the letter and/or spirit of these Terms, as interpreted by One Toronto in its sole discretion. Any Comps that cannot be verified to the complete satisfaction of One Toronto are subject to disqualification. The Released Parties will not be liable for, and accept no liability whatsoever in relation to, the failure of any Comps to be captured or recorded for any reason. Any Comps accumulated through misuse of the Card, abuse or fraud (all as determined by One Toronto in its sole discretion) will be forfeited. All determinations regarding whether a Member is eligible to earn Comps in accordance with these Terms will be made by One Toronto in its sole discretion.
As noted in Section 6, Resort Comps may be redeemed by a Member for a Resort Reward or Resort Rewards at a rate determined by One Toronto in its sole discretion using a combination of data driven Each Resort Reward will be associated with a specified Comp value. To be eligible to redeem a Resort Reward, the Member must have (at a minimum) the specified Comp value associated with the applicable Resort Reward. All Resort Rewards are subject to availability at the time of the redemption request. One Toronto may, in its sole discretion, cease to offer any Resort Rewards, and may, in its sole discretion, substitute a similar reward of equivalent or greater value for any reason. The Comp value associated with each Resort Reward shall be set by One Toronto, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, in its sole discretion, and is subject to change without notice. The Released Parties are not responsible for, and accept no liability whatsoever in relation to, incorrect Comp values displayed. After a Resort Reward is redeemed by a Member, the specified number of Resort Comps will automatically be debited from the Member’s account. Resort Comps may not be redeemed by any person other than the Member associated with the Comps. From time to time, One Toronto may advertise or offer exclusive offers to select Members to redeem Comps for items other than a Resort Reward or receive other benefits.
If a Member has no recorded play activity for twelve (12) consecutive calendar months, the Member’s account in the Program will be deemed to be ‘inactive’ and all accumulated Points will be terminated, at the sole discretion of ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives. A Member’s account will be returned to active status upon a Member using his/her rewards card at a qualified slot machine or table game, at any Site administering ONE during the thirty-six (36) month period following inactivation. Once a Member’s account is inactive, ONE TORONTO will continue to maintain personal information for a minimum of thirty-six (36) months for those purposes set out in Section 21 to facilitate account reactivation and in accordance with OLG’s Corporate Classification Scheme and Retention Schedule. Inactive accounts may be sent marketing/promotional/research communication in accordance with the Member’s consent recorded in their account for receiving such materials. Once a Member’s account is Inactive, ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, will continue to maintain personal information in accordance with OLG’s Corporate Classification Scheme and Retention Schedule.
Members may be eligible to receive discounts on qualified food & beverage at participating restaurants at a rate determined by One Toronto in its sole discretion. Discounts may not be combined with special offers and may not be used towards the purchase of
By joining the Program, Members are eligible to use the My PlaySmart program tool while playing electronic games (other than peer to peer poker) with their Card. The terms and conditions of the My PlaySmart program tool, which form an agreement between Member and ONE TORONTO and OLG and are intended to be legally binding are set out atplaysmart.ca and are also available at the One Rewards Guest Services desk. By using the My PlaySmart program tool, Members accept and agree to these terms and conditions as they may be amended from time to time.
Valid government-issued photo identification must be presented to join the Program. A valid Card and a valid government- issued identification must be presented (and, if applicable, a Personal Identification Number may be required to be entered) to make a transaction pursuant to the Program. Valid government-issued identification must be presented, and/or verbal verification must be completed to obtain a replacement Card.
ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to deny any application for Program membership. At the sole discretion of ONE TORONTO, a Member’s membership in the Program may be revoked or cancelled at any In such circumstances, any accumulated Points will be forfeited in their entirety. A member’s Card must be returned at the time of revocation or cancellation of membership in the Program.
Neither ONE TORONTO nor any of its Representatives makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, with regard to the Card, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose title, non-infringement or that the Card will always be accepted. The Released Parties shall not be liable for any loss or damage, however caused, that is suffered by any person as a result of the use or misuse of a In the event ONE TORONTO is found liable, the Member shall only be entitled to recover actual and direct damages, not to exceed in the aggregate the monetary equivalent value of the last Rewards Point balance on the Member’s Card. The Released Parties shall have no liability for any incidental, indirect or consequential damages arising of or in any way connected with the Program, even if any Released Party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Each Member who qualifies for the Program is entitled to only one (1) unique Card number, which is issued upon enrolment in the Program. ONE TORONTO may limit the number of Cards or replacement Cards issued to any All Cards are at all times the property of ONE TORONTO or its Representatives, but for greater certainty are not the property of the Member.
Each member may use only one (1) unique email address for the purposes of their ONE For greater clarity, Members may not share an identical email address with any other Member.
The Released Parties are not responsible for lost, stolen or destroyed Lost, stolen or destroyed Cards must be reported to a ONE representative at a Site. ONE TORONTO, in its sole discretion, may or may not replace lost, stolen or destroyed Cards.
ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right, in its sole discretion subject only to applicable law, to modify all or a portion of these Terms at any time without further notice and without incurring any liability or obligation. A Member’s continued access to and/or use of the Program after any such changes constitutes his/her acceptance of, and agreement to be legally bound by, these Terms as It is each Member’s sole responsibility to regularly check to determine if there have been any changes to these Terms and to review such changes.
Subject only to applicable law, a Member’s account (and therefore their ability to participate in the Program) may be terminated at any time and without notice by ONE TORONTO if the Member has been deemed by ONE TORONTO, in its sole discretion, to: (i) violate these Terms; (ii) provide false or fictitious information to ONE TORONTO; (iii) misuse or abuse (or attempt to misuse or abuse) the Program and/or Member privileges; (iv) commit (or attempt to commit) fraud; and/or (v) take any other action or actions deemed by ONE TORONTO to be contrary to the Program, the letter and/or spirit of these Terms, or the interests of other Members. If a Member’s permission to participate in the Program is terminated for any reason, including by ONE TORONTO, the agreement formed by the Member’s acceptance of these Terms will nevertheless continue to apply and be binding upon the Member in respect of the Member’s prior participation in the Program and anything relating to or arising from such participation. Upon termination, all Points associated with the Member’s account will be forfeited (subject only to applicable law). If a Member is dissatisfied with the Program for any reason, then their sole and exclusive remedy is to redeem any existing Points in accordance with these Terms and discontinue participating in the
EACH MEMBER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTIONS THAT TAKE PLACE UNDER THEIR CARD (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACTIONS TAKE PLACE WITH OR WITHOUT THE MEMBER’S KNOWLEDGE OR CONSENT). EACH MEMBER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT THEIR CARD AND PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ARE KEPT SECURE AT ALL
ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to require proof (in a form acceptable to ONE TORONTO) for any reason ONE TORONTO deems necessary, in its sole discretion, for the purposes of administering this Program in accordance with the letter and spirit of these Terms. Failure to provide such proof to the complete satisfaction of ONE TORONTO within the timeline specified by ONE TORONTO may result in disqualification from the Program. If it is discovered by ONE TORONTO (using any evidence or other information made available to or otherwise discovered by ONE TORONTO) that any Member (or any person purporting to be a Member) has attempted to use multiple names, identities and/or any other means not expressly sanctioned by these Terms to participate in or disrupt this Program, then he/she may be disqualified from the Program in the sole discretion of ONE TORONTO.
The Released Parties assume no liability whatsoever in relation to this The Released Parties are not responsible for:
(i) any late, lost, misdirected, delayed, incomplete, incompatible or misdirected information (all of which is void); (ii) any failure(s), malfunction(s) or other problem(s) of any nature whatsoever; (iii) the failure of any information to be received, captured or recorded for any reason whatsoever; and/or (iv) any combination of the above, all as determined by ONE TORONTO in its sole discretion.
By participating in this Program, each Member: (i) confirms compliance with these Terms; and (ii) releases the Released Parties from any and all liability in connection with this Program, the Member’s participation herein and/or the awarding and use/misuse of a Reward or any portion thereof.
ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to withdraw, suspend or amend this Program in any way, or to amend these Terms in any way, without prior notice or obligation, in the event of: (i) any cause beyond the reasonable control of ONE TORONTO that interferes with the proper conduct of this Program as contemplated by these Terms, including, without limitation, any error, problem, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud or failure of any kind whatsoever; (ii) any accident, printing, administrative, or other error of any kind; (iii) for making changes or alterations to these Terms relating to the accommodation of participants in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005; and/or (iv) for any other reason that ONE TORONTO deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to ensure that this Program is conducted in accordance with the letter and spirit of these Any attempt to undermine the legitimate operation of this Program in any way (as determined by ONE TORONTO or its Representatives in their sole discretion) may be a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right to seek remedies and damages to the fullest extent permitted by law.
ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to take whatever measures or actions it deems necessary to help ensure that the Program is administered in accordance with the letter and spirit of these ANY INDIVIDUAL DEEMED BY ONE TORONTO AT ANY TIME TO BE IN VIOLATION OF THE LETTER AND/OR SPIRIT OF THESE TERMS FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER IS SUBJECT TO DISQUALIFICATION IN THE SOLE DISCRETION OF ONE TORONTO.
One Toronto Gaming (“ONE TORONTO”) collects your personal information for use by ONE TORONTO, conducting business on behalf of Ontario Gaming GTA Limited Partnership, and the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (“OLG”).
Your personal information collected here and each time you use your membership will be used by ONE TORONTO and shared with OLG pursuant to section 3 of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Act, 1999 (OLGCA). Your information will be used for the following principal purposes:
develop, provide for, undertake, organize and conduct and manage lottery schemes and gaming in the province of Ontario, including administering Responsible Gaming programs by using your information in aggregate form or in a manner that does not identify you and for meeting legal requirements.
ONE TORONTO may also use your personal information for the following purposes:
administering the One Rewards Program and to contact you for customer service;
administering One Toronto Gaming contests, offers, promotions, events, news and surveys where you have opted-in, and gaming research and statistical purposes by using your information in aggregate form or in a manner that does not identify you;
sharing the information with third parties including police services for investigation or audit purposes; for integrity, security, compliance and risk management of games and gaming operations;
facilitating enrolment in other services provided by One Toronto Gaming that may be of interest to you;
otherwise as permitted by the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA) or as required by law.
By providing your personal information, you consent to the use of your personal information for the purposes described above.
Personal information is retained by One Toronto Gaming, by OLG and by our respective vendor(s) who perform services on our behalf. In these instances, we only disclose information required to perform those services. In such cases we will enter into contractual agreements to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal information. Personal Information may be stored outside of Canada and is subject to the laws and lawful disclosure requirements in the recipient jurisdictions. One Toronto Gaming reserves the right to correct personal information held by OTG. If you wish to cancel your enrollment, correct or update your information, or withdraw consent to contact, please contact Guest Services at a One Toronto property offering the One Rewards program. A paper copy of the GCGC Privacy Statement will be provided to you by a Guest Services Representative upon request.
If you have questions or concerns related to our collection of your personal information by ONE TORONTO, compliance with this Privacy Notice or the handling of your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy at onetoronto.com/privacy-policy/ or contact our Privacy Officer at: privacyofficer@gcgaming.com, or by mail at: Privacy Officer, One Toronto Gaming, 39 Wynford Drive, North York, ON M3C 3K5. For overall questions relating to the OLG’s use of your personal information collected hereunder, please call the OLG Support Centre TOLL FREE at 1-800- 387-0098
If you wish to cancel your enrollment, please contact One Rewards Guest Services at a ONE TORONTO Site administering the One Rewards program.
In order to be eligible to receive exclusive benefits, promotions, bonuses, special events, event invitations, complimentary offers, newsletters and membership information, Members are responsible for notifying a ONE representative at any Site of any name, address, phone number, e- mail and/or consent
If you have elected to opt out of receiving Electronic Communications and Direct Mail you will still have access to the benefits and rewards of our program by utilizing your One Rewards card while on the property. You will not receive additional offers and rewards via Electronic Communications and Direct Mail if you opt out. You may opt out of receiving Electronic Communications and / or Direct Mail at any time by visiting a One Rewards Guest Services desk at a ONE TORONTO Site administering the One Rewards program.
In determining whether a Member is entitled to redeem Reward Points, ONE TORONTO is entitled to review and rely upon, and the Member is bound by, the information recorded in ONE TORONTO’s computer database(s). No Reward Points shall be redeemed, and no discretionary complimentary offers shall be issued, unless the Reward Points and personal information is validated by ONE TORONTO using the validation procedure of the ONE TORONTO computer
ONE TORONTO, on behalf of itself and its Representatives, reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to adjust any of the dates, timeframes and/or other mechanics stipulated in these Terms, to the extent necessary, for purposes of verifying compliance by any Member or other information with these Terms, or as a result of any problems, or in light of any other circumstances which, in the opinion of ONE TORONTO, in its sole discretion, affect the proper administration of the Program as contemplated in these Terms, or for any other
In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of these Terms and disclosures or other statements contained in any Program-related materials and/or any instructions or interpretations of these Terms given by any representative of ONE TORONTO, the terms and conditions of these Terms shall prevail, govern and control to the fullest extent permitted by
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, these Terms shall otherwise remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with the terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained Where applicable, the Released Parties are intended third party beneficiaries of this agreement.
This Program is subject to all applicable federal, provincial and municipal Void where prohibited or restricted by law. The decisions of ONE TORONTO with respect to all aspects of this Program are final and binding on all Members without right of appeal.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Terms or the rights and obligations of Members, ONE TORONTO or any of the other the Released Parties in connection with the Program will be governed by and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions that would cause the application of any other jurisdiction’s laws. The parties hereby consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in Ontario in any action to enforce (or otherwise relating to) these Terms or relating to this
Any waiver by any Released Party of the strict observance, performance or compliance by a Member with any of the Terms contained herein, either expressly granted or by course of conduct, shall be effective only in the specific instance and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights or remedies of ONE TORONTO as a result of any other failure to observe, perform or comply with these No delay or omission by any Released Party in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.
These Terms supersede all previously existing One Rewards (ONE) terms and conditions. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all benefits conferred by the previous ONE program will no longer be honoured under any such previous program. The Program will not be honoured at OLG Slots and By agreeing to participate in the Program, all Members agree to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms and any amendments thereto and any successor or replacement terms. These Terms are applicable to the ONE Program only, which is discrete and not intended to be run in conjunction with any other ONE TORONTO loyalty program or terms and conditions of other ONE TORONTO loyalty programs. For greater certainty, related programs that use the Cards (such as the My PlaySmart Program) are governed by their own terms and conditions separate and apart from these.
Patrons with self-excluded or trespassed status as determined by ONE TORONTO and OLG will not be eligible to participate in any ONE TORONTO promotions. Any self-excluded person detected at a gaming property will be removed and trespassed.
See a ONE representative for further details.
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin-in
Youtube
© 2020 Great Blue Heron Casino. All rights reserved.
Close Menu
×
×Cart