http://grognard.com/privacy.aspx#pageTop
Game Name
Publisher
Search All of Grognard.com:
LATEST UPDATES
GROGNARD CHALLENGE
SHARE
ARCHIVES
ABOUT
Follow Grognard.com
Login
Register
Gaming Conventions
Gaming Conventions
Another new feature for Grognard.com, the Gaming Convention calendar will make it a snap to keep up with all the latest
gaming conventions in your area. But we need your gaming convention information, so please contribute.
Gaming Clubs/Organizations
Gaming Clubs and Organizations
Please check out our new (and growing) database of gaming clubs and organizations world-wide. Please let us know of
your gaming club, or any other clubs that you know about so we can make this a truly useful resource.
Spotlight Articles
Outstanding articles that are not necessarily linked to one particular game, but may have broad appeal to gamers.
1471 - Stand firm, save the Treasury!
"Lord Darcy is hoping that his archers will do most of the work this day...". Norm Smith, in his Battlefields & Warriors blog, gets to the action with his latest Dungborough encounter. Whose hands will the collected tax prize fall into, the Lancastrians or the Yorkists? As Norm puts it, "The situation is tightly balanced, with several points of crisis and no certainty of which way it will go - I like that about this system."
Poster: Doug Holt
Post Date: 11/25/2020
Strategy Talk - Dunnigan Deals With Monsters And Politics
Strategy Talk speaks to Jim Dunnigan about reader feedback in Strategy and Tactics. The discussion moves on to the monster games of SPI. We round things off with a discussion of several of Jim’s early political games including ‘Up against the Wall Mother F!#&@%’ and ‘Chicago, Chicago’.
Poster: Mark D.
Post Date: 11/22/2020
Preparing for war! Dungborough 1471
"...indecent haste suggests that the Yorkists are quite close." Norm Smith, in his Battlefields & Warriors blog, sets the stage for an upcoming engagement in his fictitious Dungborough battle site! Enjoy all the photos of Norm's excellent miniatures work, and get ready to hang on to your seat, as the defenders "...will fight to the last, rather than see their hard earned taxes stolen by the rebels."
Poster: Doug Holt
Post Date: 11/18/2020
Recent Board Games Submitted to the National Library of Finland
The National Library of Finland has been cataloguing and maintaining a repository of Finnish games including Finnish War Games.
Click these additional links to see:
Maps of War Games at the National Library posted by Kari Hintsala(wait for the page to fully load to so you can translate it to English);
and a short conversation posted by Board Game Barrage.com.
Poster: Pat L.
Post Date: 11/1/2020
More Spotlight articles...
Grognard News
Grognard Game Plan
New Grognard Game Plan application is a
free tool provided to registered Grognard.com site visitors to help organize convention play and other gaming sessions.
Gaming Conventions
New Gaming Conventions calendar. You can see all upcoming
gaming conventions worldwide.
If you are sponsoring a board gaming convention of some type, or know of one that is not listed on Grognard.com, then
please contact us and let us know!
Gaming Clubs/Organziations
New Gaming Clubs/Organizations listing. You can search for existing gaming clubs worldwide.
If you belong to a gaming club, or know of one, please drop us a line and let us know so we can get
it listed on Grognard.com!
New Search Features
Now you can search for specific games (or games by publisher) using the new Game Search feature, located at the top right corner
of the this page. In addition you can now harness the power of Google to search the entire Grognard.com
site for any specific information you'd like. Just enter a search word or phrase into the Google box
labeled "Search All of Grognard.com" and click magnifying glass button. Search features will continue
to be improved and enhanced going forward so check back often to see the latest stuff.
Grognard Originals
In addition to our links to great content all around the internet, expect to see more Grognard.com "originals" in the future.
Higlanders - Scenario for Vietnam: 1965-1975
Experimental scenario for Vietnam: 1965-1975 created and shared by Mark D'Agosta.
Falling Sky - Perfect Opening Moves - Roman
Is there such a thing as a "Perfect Opening Move" in any of GMT's COIN Series games?
Mark D. shares his idea of a "perfect" opening turn for the Romans in Falling Sky. Enjoy.
Battle for Russia - Game Turn Restrictions Summary
I'm finally getting to play this game, and am looking forward to it. There are a decent amount of "special rules" and restrictions that apply to either the Axis or Soviet player, depending on which turn it is.
Rather than flipping back and forth in the rule book, I made a quick & dirty cheat sheet for myself which I have been using, and thought I'd share it.
If anyone sees anything that's incorrect, please let me know via email at mark at grognard dot com.
(updated 4/11/2020 to include rules for ignoring Rivers - Axis only on Turn 1; both sides on Turn 2)
French "Low Density" Blues in Ici c'est la France!
Brief strategy article written by Mark D. that explains the concept of "Troop Density" and examines how that level can have a big impact on French and FLN play in the early stages of the game. Ici c'est la France! was designed by Kim Kanger and published by Legion Wargames in 2009.
Outstanding game!
More Grognard Originals...
Grognard Challenge
Latest Challenge
Have a look at the graphics for the latest Challenge and see past solutions and contest winners.
Recommended (archives)
Wargaming - General Info
Board Wargames
Miniatures Wargames
Computer Wargames
Academic Gaming
Board Games
Internet Based/PBEM Games
Individual Wargamer Blogs
Wargaming Magazines
Asst Software/Player Aides
In Memoriam
Grognards Lost
Please support Grognard.com by supporting our site sponsor, Revolution Games
Please support Grognard.com by supporting our site sponsor, Legion Wargames
Please support Grognard.com by supporting our site sponsor, MacGowan & Lombardy Studios
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Updates to Our Privacy Policy (as of May 25, 2018)
Grognard.com Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
* This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand what information is captured, why it is needed, and how it is used.
* This privacy policy is part of an agreement between you and Grognard.com. - Our privacy policy applies to you, the "site visitors",
as part of a contract that allows you to browse the website, take part in the weekly Grognard.com Challenge, and participate in any
future feature or function that may be designed for the site.
* This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. - If there are any changes, the Privacy Notice date at
the top of this page will be modified and our registered users who have provided a valid email address will be notified via email.
As part of Grognard.com's commitment to transparency and to address the requirements set forth by the new European privacy
law (General Data Protection Regulation - GDPR), Grognard.com's Privacy Policy has been updated as of 25-May-2018.
By continuing to use the Grognard.com website as of today, May 25, 2018, you
indicate that you have read, understand and
accept the terms of the Grognard.com Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
If you have any questions about the new Privacy Policy, please contact Grognard.com at privacy@grognard.com.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR you have the following rights as an individual regarding your personal information held by Grognard.com:
Know exactly what information that Grognard.com has.
Request a change or correction of your information.
Request that your information be erased.
Restrict our use of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Obtain your personal information in portable form.
Object to our use of your personal information under certain circumstances.
Not be subject to profiling that has legal effects on you.
If you would like to request any of the above actions, have any questions or complaints about the way we've handled your personal
information, please contact privacy@grognard.com. Grognard.com will make every effort to handle all requests, questions or complaints
within 30 days of receipt of your email.
What Information Do We Capture?
If you are an unregistered Grognard.com site visitor, Grognard.com does not capture any personal information about you at all.
If you are a registered Grognard.com site visitor, Grognard.com asks you only for the following personal information:
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
User Name
Password
As of 25-May-2018, this information is only being used to record and store "Grognard Challenge" responses. The Grognard Challenge
is a weekly contest that challenges site visitors to guess the name of a board game, based on graphic images displayed on the site.
Grognard.com keeps track of the winners and losers and displays some of the historical data (Name only, and date/time of the guess).
In addition, respondents may add a short comment which is publicly available to all site visitors.
When you registered, you were also asked to confirm that you agreed to allow Grognard.com to store your name and email address and the other information
entered (as specified above). The confirmation also assured you that Grognard.com will *never* share your email address with any
third parties without obtaining prior consent from you, and that still holds true. At this time (25-May-2018), we have NO PLANS to share
any personal information with anyone outside of Grognard.com and its registered users.
There are new site features under development, such as the Grognard Game Plan, which would make it necessary for Grognard.com registered users
to share information with other Grognard.com registered users. Without this sharing of name, email and private messages and comments, the
Game Plan feature could not be built. If any additional information sharing is required when this new site feature is complete, all registered
users will be notified via email and this Privacy Policy will be updated.
Grognard.com uses the Google Analytics service to track site metrics such as the total number of site visitors,
the country and city where they are located, the most visited site pages, the type device used to connect to Grognard.com, etc.
For a full list of data dimensions and metrics captured by Google Analytics,
please visit the Google web site that lists these data categories. (note: this link is subject to change by Google, but a
quick web search will allow you to find the latest information)
Site Articles, Links, Documents and Other Submissions
Over the past 25 years of Grognard.com's existence, many gamers have voluntarily shared articles, links, and other documents
that may or may not contain personally identifying information. Grognard.com has no control over this content and it is assumed
that the person who volunteered the item or link implicitly grants permission to publish the document or link on Grognard.com.
Grognard.com does not claim ownership of any of the shared or uploaded materials however, by posting, uploading, sharing or submitting,
you are granting Grognard.com permission to use your submission in connection with the operation of the Grognard.com web site including,
without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and
reformat your submission, and publish your name in connection with the submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your submission. Grognard.com is under no obligation to post or use any submission
you may provide and may remove any submission at any time at Grognard.com's sole discretion.
Grognard.com website contains thousands of links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of
Grognard.com and Grognard.com is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site. Grognard.com is providing these links to you
only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Grognard.com or any association with its operators.
If you become aware of any illegal or objectionable material either on the Grognard.com site or linked to from the Grognard.com site,
please report it to privacy@grognard.com and it will be reviewed for possible further action.
Use of Share/Upload Feature
You agree that when using the Grognard.com "Share" function to upload information to the site you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless Grognard.com has specifically authorized such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Grognard.com that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Grognard.com web site or Share feature.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Grognard.com has no obligation to monitor the Share feature. However, Grognard.com reserves the right to review materials posted to any communication service
and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Communication services include the Share feature and any other current or future site feature
that allows you to publish or download information or content from the Grognard.com site. Grognard.com reserves the right to terminate your access
to any or all of the communication services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself, your family, or your children.
Grognard.com does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any communication service and, therefore,
Grognard.com specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the communication services and any actions resulting from your
participation in any communication service.
Grognard.com Email Notifications
Registered users of Grognard.com and other site visitors that have requested they be added to the Grognard.com mailing list
(maintained by MailChimp) will periodically receive Grognard.com email notifications. The most common notification is the weekly
Grognard Challenge kick-off notification that is sent at some point on every Sunday. Every email sent contains a link where the
recipient can request they be unsubscribed from the Grognard.com mailing list.
Termination/Access Restriction
Grognard.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Grognard.com website and the related services
or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
Grognard.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to allow sites to earn advertising fees.
So, help support the Grognard site; click on the Amazon link below, and buy something! Thanks.
© 2020, Grognard Enterprises
Email: Contact Grognard.com