https://heavyiron.games/privacy/
Skip to content
Cookies & Privacypluto2020-01-28T11:36:26-08:00
Website Cookie Policy
Our website https://heavyiron.games uses cookies, partly so that it can simply work, and partly so we can gather usage data which helps us improve the site. Cookies are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies on our site help the site to function and help us understand how our website is used.
Our cookies are associated with the following third-party websites:
Google Analytics
Like many websites, we use Google Analytics to record anonymous statistical data about how people use the site. This helps us make improvements. Information sent to Google Analytics includes data such as:
your IP address
the type of computer or mobile device you are using
your operating system version
your browser type
your browser language
referring and exit pages, and URLs
the number of clicks on a page or feature
pages viewed and the order of those pages
the amount of time spent on pages
When you accept our use of cookies, you accept us collecting this data so that we can make the site better.
We have got the data collection settings dialed way down. We do not collect demographic information or data about user’s interests. ‘IP anonymization’ is used, so we only get rough location information. We do not track ‘User-IDs’ which track users across different devices, and our data retention period is set to 14 months, which is the minimum value available.
YouTube
Our website features embedded videos hosted by YouTube. We use their ‘Privacy-enhanced’ setting which turns off YouTube data tracking. Here’s how Google explain it:
“Privacy-enhanced mode allows you to embed YouTube videos without using cookies to track viewing behaviour. This means that viewing activity isn’t collected to personalise the viewing experience. Instead, video recommendations are contextual and related to the currently played video. Videos playing in a privacy-enhanced mode embedded player won’t influence the viewer’s browsing experience on YouTube.”
YouTube uses a cookie to store user’s video player preferences for embedded videos. This cookie is essential for the video player to function properly and can’t be turned off.
Rejecting Cookies
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow.
Our website asks if it is OK to use cookies. Choosing ‘No Thanks’ will prevent Google Analytics usage data gathering. If you would like to change the choice you have made, click this button: Revoke cookies
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Data Collection on our Websites
Please refer to our ‘Website Cookie Policy’ above, for information regarding data collection on our websites.
Information Collection in our Games
Games currently published by Heavy Iron Studios do not collect user data or other personal information.
How We Use the Information We Collect
One important use of your information is communication. If you have provided your e-mail address to Heavy Iron Studios, we will use it to respond to customer support inquiries.
Safety, Security and Compliance with Law
Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications in our Services and between You and Heavy Iron Studios may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed:
when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena);
to satisfy any laws or regulations that apply;
where we believe in our sole discretion that the Service is being used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions;
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and
to protect the rights or property of Heavy Iron Studios and other applicable third parties
Third Party Advertising
Our websites and games may contain advertisements from Third Party Services, which are companies other than Heavy Iron Studios that may link to their own websites, online services or mobile applications. We set the ad-networks to not perform any tracking or data gathering of our users when ads are viewed in our services.
Please note, after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Heavy Iron Studios or the social network through which you are playing Heavy Iron Studios’ games. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third Party Services. If you have any questions about how these Third Party Services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will tell you and other players by placing a notice on https://heavyiron.games or its equivalent in-game, or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address we have on file for you prior to the change becoming effective. We may supplement this process by placing notices on game blogs, social network pages, and/or forums and on other Heavy Iron Studios websites. You should periodically check https://heavyiron.games and this privacy page for updates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to privacy@heavy-iron.com. If you believe that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact your Data Protection Authority.
GAMESPAC-MAN: Mega Tunnel Battle
Marvel’s Avengers
The Grand Tour Game
Previous TitlesCAREERSAvailable Positions
Benefits & PerksCOMMUNITYFacebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
TwitterCOMPANY INFOOverview
Management Team
Awards & Recognition
Cookies & Privacy
GAMESPAC-MAN: Mega Tunnel Battle
Marvel’s Avengers
The Grand Tour GameCAREERSAvailable Positions
Benefits & PerksCOMMUNITYFacebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
TwitterCOMPANY INFOOverview
Management Team
Awards & Recognition
Cookies & Privacy
We use cookies to analyze our traffic and make the site work.I AcceptNo ThanksPrivacy policy
Revoke cookies
ra