http://highwaygames.com/privacy_policy.html
Home
What's New
Arcade News
Arcade Machines
Arcade Manufacturers
Arcade Tradeshows
Arcade Movies
My Tools
Contact
11th December, 2020
Join Us
Highway Games Privacy Policy
Introduction
Highway Games is committed to protecting your privacy and we provide this privacy policy statement to assure you of our sincerity in this matter. By visiting Highway Games you hereby accept this Privacy Policy and accept the practices described herein. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information.
Information you give us
During the membership registration process we require specific personal information to be provided before membership is successfully completed. This information is as follows:
Name
Email Address
Company Name
Address (Street Address, City, State, Country, Zip/Post Code)
Phone Number
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customised environment and service. We may use your data when you compete in competitions, if you advertise with us, etc. Personal information, such as geographic location, is used to assist us in offering special offers, providing information about local events, etc.
When you become a member on Highway Games, you can use this account across all Highway Group websites. This includes Highway Entertainment, Converters.TV, and Car Converters. Please note that if you visit these sites, you are bound by the Terms and Conditions of that particular Website.
NO PERSONAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT EXPRESS PERMISSION.
Optional Information
In addition to the personal information that is gathered during the registration, members have the option of providing us with additional information, such as their business interests, and user preferences. This information is used solely to allow us to provide our newsletters and offers to members who wish to receive them.
THIS INFORMATION IS, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, PROVIDED TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR EXPRESS PERMISSION.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Like many Web sites, we use "cookies". Cookies are small data files stored on your hard disk which provide information back to our server. The use of cookies on Highway Games allows our systems to recognise your browser and to provide certain features for you, such as automatic login and remembering a member's preferences.
Highway Games also maintains a record of user IP addresses for the purposes of diagnosing problems with our server, and to assist in website administration. We also use it to gather broad demographic information about our users in general and in no manner use an IP address to collect personal information about any individual user.
Newsletters and Email
All members of Highway Games have the option of receiving our newsletters and e-mails announcing special offers, recent site updates, current industry news, and so on. This is entirely optional and members are able to change their preferences at any time to stop receiving these. Users are able to become a member on Highway Games and choose not to receive our newsletters and e-mails.
The only email that all members will automatically receive is the initial registration email providing a member password. Additionally, members may be contacted by Highway Games if they are in violation of our Terms and Agreements Statement.
HIGHWAY GAMES WILL NEVER SEND ANY UNSOLICITED E-MAILS OR PROVIDE YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR EXPRESS PERMISSION.
Control of Your Password
Members are responsible for all actions taken with their User ID and password, including those actions that result in fees being charged to your account. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your password to any third parties. All user passwords are encrypted by Highway Games, which means that passwords are not viewable or accessible by Highway Games staff. Additionally this means that Highway Games staff cannot change a user's password. If the user forgets their password, it is their responsibility to reset their password using the link on the "Login" section of the Highway Games website.
Surveys
Occasionally Highway Games may conduct surveys to assist us in providing you with a better website featuring information and services that members would like to have on our website. Completing surveys is optional and any information collected from our surveys is not provided to any third party whatsoever.
External Links
Highway Games provides links to external sites on many of our pages. Highway Games has no control over such sites and accepts no responsibility for the privacy policy and practices of any site other than Highway Games.
Amendment
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy will be reviewed and, if appropriate, updated from time to time so that it accurately reflects the regulatory environment and our own data collection and disclosures practices.
Home
What's New
Arcade News
Arcade Machines
Arcade Manufacturers
Arcade Tradeshows
Arcade Movies
My Tools
Contact
Copyright © 1999 - 2020, Highwaygames. All Rights Reserved. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the highwaygames.com User Agreement and Privacy Policy.