http://homearcades.com/privacy/
Home
Rentals
Services
Pool Cue Repair
CONTACT
Shop Tour
Products for Sale
Job Opportunities
APPLY FOR EMPLOYMENT
Testimonials
Terms of Sale
Air Hockey
Bumper Pool
Dart Machines
Foosball
Game Room Decor
Game Room Furniture
Jukeboxes
Pinball Machines
Pool Cue Repair
Pool Tables
Accessories
Rentals
Shuffleboards
Table Tennis
CONTACT
privacy HomeArcades.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the use of HomeArcades.com. We highly value your privacy and make this policy easily available throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of information in the course of using this site.
We may receive and store any information you enter on the Website or provide to us in any other way.
Log Files and Cookies
This website utilizes industry standard analytics packages which gathers limited information on visitors to our website automatically, and stores this anonymous information in server log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, basic IP information, referring pages, operating system used and date/time stamps. This information does not identify individual users; it is used only for site administration, as well as for analysis of website usage and trends.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this Site, such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Site.  Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Site, rather than your name or other identifying information.
Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Site.  This cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google, Inc.  The information generated by the cookie will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
We use the information received from Google Analytics only to improve services on this Site.  We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by theGoogle Privacy Policy.  You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Site bydisabling the Google Analytics cookie on your browser.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
HomeArcades.com may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time for any reason. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used or collected.
By using this website, you signify your assent to the HomeArcades.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use this site or submit any personally identifiable information.
Main Location Address:
8955 Beach Blvd. Jacksonville, FL 32216