https://ilts.com/privacy-policies/
Privacy Policies
At International Lottery & Totalizator Systems, Inc. (ILTS), we believe that the protection of personal privacy on the Web is an essential component of doing business online. This document describes ILTS’s policy regarding information received about you during visits to our web site. In running our web site, www.ilts.com, we gather certain types of general information about our site’s visitors. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use our site. ILTS believes you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of this information. The following privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Normal Web Site Usage
You can visit the ILTS web site to read product, company and investment information without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect is generic Web traffic information, such as the number, time, duration, and origin of visits to our web site. In addition, these statistics also tell us which of our pages are most popular. We use this information to identify general trends concerning the use of our web site and to determine how we may improve it. We never use this information to personally identify individual users, nor do we use it to send unsolicited email or online direct marketing materials. “Cookies” are not used in our site. For these reasons, you can consider browsing our web site an anonymous activity.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
There are instances where ILTS collects names and email addresses only when they are voluntarily provided. This information, furnished in the Contact Us section of our web site, is sent directly via email to the relevant ILTS staff member addressed in that section of the web site. That staff member uses the information to respond to your inquiries and comments about ILTS. It is never provided to any other company for that company’s independent use.
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. A revised Privacy Policy will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions will be posted at least 10 days prior to its effective date.
© 2020 International Lottery & Totalizator Systems, Inc.
Home
Privacy
Site Map
Footer Menu
All rights reserved. Unauthorized duplication or publication of any
materials from this site is expressly prohibited.