https://insidersportsreport.com/privacy.htm
A Reliant Sports Group Company
About Us  |  Purchase Picks  |  Testimonials  |  Free Picks
"The Nation's #1 Sports Handicapping Service Since 1989"
Member Area
Username:
Password:
Lost your username or password? Find it here!
Follow @insidersports
Main Menu
Home
Free Picks
Advertising
Sports Articles
Why Insider Sports Report?
About Us
FAQ's
Testimonials
Affiliate Info
Contact Us
Live Scores
NFL Football
NCAA Football
NBA Basketball
NCAA Basketball
Baseball
Live Odds
NFL Football
NCAA Football
NBA Basketball
NCAA Basketball
Baseball
Sports Picks
NFL Picks
NCAA Football Picks
NBA Picks
NCAA Basketball Picks
MLB Picks
Sports Picks
Sportsbooks
Sportsbook Reviews
Bovada Sportsbook
YouWager Sportsbook
BetDSI Sportsbook
TopBet Sportsbook
5Dimes Sportsbook
Resources
Sports Betting Tips
Sports Betting 101
Gambling Terms
Other Cappers
Profit On Sports
Best Free Picks
National Sports Service
Elite Sports Picks
Top Rank Sports Picks
Primetime Sports Picks
The Sports Consensus
Doc's Picks
Elite Sports Picks®You Only Pay For Winning Days!(Packages Starting At ONLY $9.95!!!)CLICK HERE We WIN or we will credit your account for a free day of service for any losing day that occurs during your subscription period...GUARANTEED!
The Sports Consensus®Get Insider Sports Report, National Sports Service & Elite Sports Picks all in one package!CLICK HERE to get Unlimited Service For Just $50/week (HALF PRICE)!!
Insider Sports Report Premier Picks®
PURCHASE Sports Picks From The Nation's Most Profitable Sports Service!NFL Picks | College Football Picks | NBA Picks | College Basketball Picks | Baseball Picks
*** 50% BONUS up to $250 at BOVADA - World's #1 Online Sportsbook! ***
BOVADA is an A+ GRADE Sportsbook - Easy Deposits, Fast Payouts!
"You are the best handicapper I have ever seen...and I have used a lot. Most are just scammers. I thank you! You are THE BEST and most Honest Handicapper out there. Thanks for making gambling so much fun again...My bookie hates you. HAHA!!"                                                                                                                                    Glen L.
Philadelphia, PA
Privacy Policy
Privacy
The information solicited by and submitted to the Insider Sports Report Web site is considered confidential, is solely for statistical purposes and will not be shared, bartered or sold to ANY third party. We maintain the information to improve the quality of our site and to communicate with visitors who wish to receive additional information. An anonymous visitor to our site will remain anonymous in all cases. Insider Sports Rerport does not attempt to identify visitors if they do not voluntarily register on the site. We do provide links to but do not control the privacy of third party sites. Whenever in question, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of those sites.
Electronic Mail
When you sign up for an email newsletter or alerts about our products and services, Insider Sports Report will use your email address to deliver the newsletter or alerts requested. We will never give your email address to anyone else, and you can opt-out at anytime.
Cookies
Insider Sports Report is committed to continually improving the Web experience for our visitors. Currently, cookies are the most effective way of identifying a unique, anonymous visitor and their navigation during a visit. A "cookie" is a text file that is sent by a web server and stored in RAM while the browser is running so that it can be read back from that browser the next time a unique visitor returns to that web server. Companies commonly use cookies for on-line ordering systems, site personalization, and Web site tracking. Cookies allow the browser to "remember" specific information about the visitor such as last visit, time spent, or user preferences (like style sheets). When visitors to the site run into browser or HTML problems, cookies allow us to isolate their specific session in our visitor log files. This information helps to replicate the environment and isolate the problem. Cookies and registration are two methods that allow Insider Sports report to offer more features to repeat visitors/customers. Insider Sports Report uses cookie information to understand usage patterns, to offer personalized features, or to isolate problems experienced by our users as they traverse our site. We do not use cookies for any other purpose. Insider Sports Report cookies are terminated when a visitor ends their browser session. However, cookies may also be stored on your computer's hard drive once you log off from our Web site.
Enabling Cookies In Netscape
Select "Preferences" from the "Edit" menu of your browser. Under "Category" select "Advanced." Under "Cookies" select "Accept Cookies."
Enabling Cookies In Internet Explorer
Right mouse click on the Internet Explorer icon on your desktop and choose "Properties" from the menu. Click on "Security" from the Internet Properties menu. A "High" security level will disable cookies. A "Medium" or below security level will enable cookies. Or you can click on "Custom Level" to make your selection.
Insider Sports Report Sports Premier Picks® Links:Football Premier Picks®Basketball Premier Picks®Baseball Premier Picks®
Premier Picks® Packages - What You Get
When you purchase an Insider Sports Report Premier Picks® Package you get MUCH MORE than you pay for!
Unlike other services we will NEVER ask you to buy "extra picks". You get EVERY pick we release in EVERY sports during your subscription period.
You Get:
World Class handicapping that is unsurpassed ANYWHERE!
3-6 Star Rated Picks/Day
Our Exclusive Money Management System
Unlimited 24/7 Customer Support
24/7 Access to our Secure Members Area
ALL Of Our Picks - There are NO gimmicks and there Is NOTHING Else To Buy
Everything you need to start WINNING like a PROFESSIONAL instantly!
Insider Sports Report Premier Picks® Packages
Details:PayPalCredit CardPayment Plan
1 Day of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 1 day.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $20.00
2 Days of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 2 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $30.00
3 Days of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 3 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $40.00
1 Week of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 7 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $50.00
2 Weeks of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 14 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $85.00
1 Month of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 30 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $150.00
3 Months of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 90 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.
Only: $350.00
6 Months of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 180 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.Payment Plan Option: $150.00/month for 4 months
Only: $600.00
1 Year of Premier Picks®Package includes ALL of our picks in EVERY sport for 365 days.We handicap NFL & NCAA Football, NBA & NCAA Basketball and MLB Baseball.Payment Plan Option: $125.00/month for 8 months
Only: $1,000.00
Insider Sports Report
Copyright ©
Insider Sports Report
Insider Sports Report is the sports bettors #1 choice for NBA picks, college football picks, NFL football picks, free college football picks,college basketball picks, college football predictions, free basketball picks, MLB Picks, sports betting information, free football picks,sportsbook bonuses, matchups, lines, odds, scores and more!
Copyright © Insider Sports Report. All Rights Reserved.
All Logos © Copyright of their respective agencies (NFL, NBA, NHL, MLB, NCAA)
The information provided and sold at this site is for news, entertainment, and informational purposes only.
Any use of this information in violation of any federal, state and/or local laws is prohibited.
US Citizens: Read Disclaimer. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy are applicable to this site.