http://kidchess.com/new/kid-chess-privacy-policy/
Home
Kid Chess® Online
Kid Chess® Online Clubs
Kid Chess® Online Camps
Kid Chess® Private Lessons Online
Kid Chess® Online Video Library
Learning & Practice Tools
School Standings
Our Programs
Kid Chess® For Your School
After School Programs
Tournaments and Events
Homeschool Groups
Learn Chess
Kid Chess® Evaluator
Kid Chess® Cartoon Lessons
Monster Chess
Knight's Tour
Checkmate the King
EZChess
Puzzle Jam
Flash Chess!
Setting Up
Look First, Move Later!
Resources
Glossary of Chess Terms
Skill Levels and Practice Resources
Kid Chess® Puzzles!
About Us
Meet the Kid Chess Team
Why Chess Makes You Smart
AJC Article About Kid Chess®
Careers
Contact Us
Home
Kid Chess® Online
-- Kid Chess® Online Clubs
-- Kid Chess® Online Camps
-- Kid Chess® Private Lessons Online
-- Kid Chess® Online Video Library
-- Learning & Practice Tools
-- School Standings
Our Programs
-- Kid Chess® For Your School
-- After School Programs
-- Tournaments and Events
-- Homeschool Groups
Learn Chess
-- Kid Chess® Evaluator
-- Kid Chess® Cartoon Lessons
-- Monster Chess
-- Knight's Tour
-- Checkmate the King
-- EZChess
-- Puzzle Jam
-- Flash Chess!
-- Setting Up
-- Look First, Move Later!
-- Resources
-- Glossary of Chess Terms
-- Skill Levels and Practice Resources
-- Kid Chess® Puzzles!
About Us
-- Meet the Kid Chess Team
-- Why Chess Makes You Smart
-- AJC Article About Kid Chess®
Careers
Contact Us
Kid Chess® Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kidchess.com is the place in cyberspace where fans of chess can come to find out more about their favorite game, play games of chess and have their opinions heard. Kidchess.com believes in the power of kids and we urge both them and their parents to use and enjoy our website. While we encourage the interactive nature of online media, we strive to educate parents and kids about how to appropriately safeguard their privacy when traveling on the Web. Kidchess.com is committed to complying fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Our information collection practices are described below. We urge kids to check with their parents before entering information on any website and we urge parents to discuss with their kids restrictions regarding the online release of personal information to anyone they don’t know.
What Information Is Collected?
At Kidchess.com, it is our policy to create website content that requires minimum collection of information from our visitors. Generally, Kidchess.com limits our collection of information from kids to what is known as nonpersonally identifiable information (i.e. first name, age or state). This information is collected so kids can participate in activities (post game scores and respond to questions, for example) without giving unnecessary personal information. We request only the information that is required to ensure that kids can effectively join in our activities and do not condition a child’s participation in an online activity on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary. Parents have the right to consent to the collection and use of their child’s personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to third parties.
Cookies and Log Data
Cookies are information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Kidchess.com is able to access only the cookies that it sets on your computer and we are only able to determine the type of computer operating system and browser that you and other visitors are using. Kidchess.com collects this information in the aggregate in order to improve access to our content based on our visitors’ browsers and operating system types to make our content available to as many kids as possible. We do not link the information collected through cookies to the personal information that kids submit online when participating in our activities. You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser.
Log data collected on web servers both within Kidchess.com’s control and under the confidential control of Kidchess.com’s third party web presence provider supplies Kidchess.com with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. We use this information only for improving our site. We do not link the log data collected to the personal information that kids submit online when participating in our activities.
Parental Access
At Kidchess.com, our goal is to help parents ensure that their kids have a safe and fun online experience. That’s why we’ve set up a system by which parents can print out and mail or fax us a signed form that allows them to review any identifiable information collected about their child, have this information deleted, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of their child’s information. You can link to the form from here. Kidchess.com takes steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child and to ensure that the person is in fact the child’s parent or legal guardian.
Security
Kidchess.com has taken steps to ensure that personally identifiable information collected in the future is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers as well as electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access.
Questions/Concerns?
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding Kidchess.com’s privacy policy and/or practices, please write to us at:
Privacy CoordinatorKid Chess™2501 E. Piedmont RoadSuite 160Marietta, GA 30062
Or email us at:
office@kidchess.com
privacy@kidchess.com
Or call this number:
770-575-5802
The Kidchess.com website is intended for domestic viewers and is consequently directed towards residents of the United States.
Please read our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy.
© 2016 Kid Chess, Inc., All rights reserved. (On Hostgator VPS.)