http://kikizo.com/privacy-policy/
About
PRIVACY POLICY / TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of our users and are always mindful of the latest standards of privacy including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of Europe and the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA). On this page, you will find details on our privacy policy.
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Superglobal Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates the website comprising the multiple domain names www.kikizo.com, www.videogamesdaily.com and any other subdomains thereof (the subdomain is the part that comes at the start of the domain name, for example archive.videogamesdaily.com and movies.kikizo.com), collectively, the "Service". This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service, although as of 2018 the scope of this is very limited because the site is just an 'archive' of content from its more active years of publishing several years ago. However, we still take privacy seriously today as we always have, and will continue to for as long as the Service is available.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
•   Email address
•   First name and last name
•   Cookies and Usage Data
The only way in which we may receive personally identifiable information about you is if you knowingly and willingly provide the information through our Service, for example via email communication with us. In such cases, any personally identifiable information you disclose is entirely optional, and disclosed knowingly and willingly, normally so as to effectively achieve the intended purpose of the communication.
As a best practise, we recommend that you do not voluntarily disclose personal information in public areas of Kikizo such as the "Disqus" third-party commenting system available on some pages, although we do not prevent you from doing this.
In the past, we offered a newsletter service via email. The newsletter service is no longer active. If you received newsletter email communications from us in the past and would like to confirm that your information is no longer on file and/or that no similar communications are received in future, please contact us via the details on this page. Please note that we never have and never would sell any personal details to third parties.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
•   Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
•   Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
•   Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
•   Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
•   For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
•   For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
•   For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
•   For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
•   For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
•   AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
•   Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Use of Data
Superglobal Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
•   To provide and maintain our Service
•   To notify you about changes to our Service
•   To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
•   To provide customer support
•   To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
•   To monitor the usage of our Service
•   To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Retention of Data
Superglobal Ltd will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Superglobal Ltd will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Superglobal Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Superglobal Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
•   To comply with a legal obligation
•   To protect and defend the rights or property of Superglobal Ltd
•   To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
•   To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
•   To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
In February 2018 we completed measures to improve the security of the Service. As the Service has existed since at least 2003, in the past the Service existed on servers and equipment "of the era". As of 2018 all aspects of the Service have been migrated to modern hosting services with industry-standard architecture and security, and information on the old servers and equipment was securely destroyed. However, we cannot guarantee that data will not unlawfully be retrieved by third parties from the modern hosting services that we use as of 2018.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
Superglobal Ltd aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. Please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
•   To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
•   To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
•   To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Superglobal Ltd. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
For example, the "commenting" system used on some pages of the site is called Disqus, which is an external service that is not affiliated with Superglobal Ltd or the Service. It has its own terms and conditions and privacy policy, which any users should consider before using such third-party services.
Similarly, we may embed videos from services like YouTube, whose service is again governed by its own terms and conditions and policies.
We do not collect or store the information gathered by third-party services like Disqus or YouTube.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Such third-party vendors may use cookies to serve ads on our Service, whose use of cookies enable them to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of cookies from third-parties for interest-based advertising by visiting the relevant settings page of the third-party vendor.
As of 2018, there are no advertising messages displayed on the Service (only simple banner images promoting the Service itself, which are the same for all users and not served by an adserving platform), and there are no specific third-party vendors in use.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
•   By email: privacy (at) kikizo (dot) com
General Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Superglobal Ltd and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United Kingdom and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Superglobal Ltd.
All content used on the Service is either copyright of Superglobal Ltd or used under license. In some cases, material may be used on a "fair use", "fair dealing" or equivalent basis.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Superglobal Ltd.
Superglobal Ltd has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Superglobal Ltd shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Superglobal Ltd and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Superglobal Ltd, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Superglobal Ltd its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and notwithstanding any other provision of these terms, under no circumstances will Superglobal Ltd ever be liable to you or any other person for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or exemplary loss or damage arising from, connected with, or relating to your use of the Service, these Terms, the subject matter of these Terms, the termination of these Terms or otherwise, including but not limited to personal injury, loss of data, business, markets, savings, income, profits, use, production, reputation or goodwill, anticipated or otherwise, or economic loss, under any theory of liability (whether in contract, tort, strict liability or any other theory or law or equity), regardless of any negligence or other fault or wrongdoing (including without limitation gross negligence and fundamental breach) by Superglobal Ltd or any person for whom Superglobal Ltd is responsible, and even if Superglobal Ltd has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage being incurred.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the service.
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy (above). You agree that they constitute part of these terms.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:
•   By email: legal (at) kikizo (dot) com
More From Kikizo
Impressive Guardian ad blows the house down
360-degree HD view of London from the top of the Shard looks incredible
A simple eBay transaction led me to this hilarious British band: it’s Kunt and the Gang
9/11/11: This must-see docu-series reveals the New World Trade Center
Social Media
Follow us on: Facebook | Twitter | YouTube
Home
Media
Internet
Social Media
Journalism
Advertising
Design & Branding
Publishing
Books & Magazines
Celebs
Tech
Future Tech
Audio & Video
IT
Mobile
Photography
Toys & Gadgets
Automotive
Engineering & Architecture
Games
Video Games
Game Trailers
Mobile Games
Web Games
Game Reviews
Gaming Culture
Games Industry
Film
Movie Trailers
Films Coming Soon
Movie Reviews
Blu-ray & DVD
Movie Premieres
Hollywood
Awards
TV
TV Dramas
Documentaries
Reality TV
American TV
British TV
TV Networks
TV Shockers
Web Video
Music
New Music
Music Videos
Music Artists
Radio Stations
Concerts & Festivals
Clubbing
Music Industry
Business
Executives
Start-Ups
Announcements
Marketing
Jobs
Money & Personal Finance
Economy
Lifestyle
Dating & Relationships
Fashion & Style
Eating & Drinking
Health
Shopping
Travel
At Home
World
Proper News
Comedy & Humor
Sport
Politics
Green
Social Good
Science & Sci-Fi
Earth & Space
About:
Kikizo Archive
Top 50 Interviews
Games of the Decade
Kikizo Movies
Forum Archive
Superglobal
Kikizo: an influential entertainment and games website that punched above its weight, broke the rules and scooped its biggest rivals. Check out the full story from 1996 to present day at the Kikizo Archives.
Kikizo Archives Full Archive Links:
1996-2002:
Summary |
SegaWeb Archive |
GamerWeb Archive
2003-2011:
Front |
Reviews |
Interviews |
Features |
Videos |
News |
Previews |
Cheats |
Gaijin |
Movies
2011-2013:
Front |
Blogroll |
Media |
Tech |
Games |
Film |
TV |
Music |
Business |
Lifestyle |
World
2012-2018:
Kikizo B2B » Superglobal
General:
Kikizo Archives |
Contact |
Privacy |
Forum |
Facebook |
YouTube |
LinkedIn |
Superglobal
Kikizo
© Copyright 1996-2018 Superglobal Ltd