http://laigames.com/privacy-policy
Home
Games
Latest Arcade Games
Used Arcade Games
Legacy Arcade Games
Testimonials
Distributors
About
News
Blog
Trade Shows
LAI Games Insider
Careers
Support
Media Kits
RMA Request
Contact Us
Buy Parts
LAI GAMES PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
LAI Games Pty. Ltd. (“laigames.com”, “LAI Games” or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit the Company’s Web Site (“Visitors”), and individuals who register to use the Services as defined below (“Customers”). This Privacy Statement describes laigames.com’s privacy practices in relation to the use of the Company’s Web Site and the related applications and services offered by laigames.com (the “Services”).
1. Web Site covered
This Privacy Statement covers the information practices of Web Site that link to this Privacy Statement, http://www.laigames.com.
LAI Games Web Site may include links to other Web Site. The information practices or the content of such other Web Site is governed by the privacy statements of such other Web Site. The Company encourages you to review the privacy statements of other Web Site to understand their practices.
2. Information collected
When expressing an interest in obtaining information about the Services or registering to use the Services, laigames.com requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, phone number and email address (“Required Contact Information”). When purchasing the Services, laigames.com may require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name, address and credit card number (“Billing Information”). Required contact information and billing information are referred to collectively as “Data About laigames.com Customers”.
As you navigation the Company’s Web Site, laigames.com may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information gathering tools, such as cookies and web beacons. This includes standard information from your web browser (such as browser type and language), your internet protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Web Site (such as web pages viewed and links clicked).
3. Use of information collected
The Company uses Data About laigames.com customers to perform the services requested. For example, if you complete the ‘Contact Us’ web form, the Company will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Services.
The Company may also use Data About laigames.com Customers for marketing purposes.
laigames.com uses Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve the Company’s Web Site. The Company may also use Web Site Navigational Information alone or in combination with Data about laigames.com customers to provide personalised information about the Company.
4. Web Site Navigational Information
Cookies, Web Beacons and IP Addresses
laigames.com uses commonly used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Web Site. This section describes the types of navigation information used on the Company’s Web Site and how the information may be used.
Cookies
laigames.com uses cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Web Site easy and meaningful. When you visit one of the Company’s Web site, laigames.com’s servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to laigames.com, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a Web form (such as a “Contact Me”), you remain anonymous to the Company.
laigames.com uses cookies that are session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. Please note that if you disable your Web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Company’s Web Site, but you will not be able to successfully use the Services.
Web Beacons
laigames.com uses Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Web Site and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognise certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Web Site tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a Web site tied to the Web beacon. For example, laigames.com may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Web Site. laigames.com uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Web Site and email communications.
IP Addresses
When you visit laigames.com’s Web Site, the Company collects your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, laigames.com uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Web Site.
Social Media Features
The Company’s Web Site may use social media features, such as the Facebook ‘like’ button (“Social Media Features”). These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on the Company’s Web site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on the Company’s Web site to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third party Social Media network in order to share with others within your network. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Company’s Web site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant Social Media Features.
5. Public forums, refer a friend, and customer testimonials
laigames.com may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Web Site. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. laigames.com is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
Customers and Visitors may elect to use the Company’s referral program to inform friends about the Company’s Web Site. When using the referral program, the Company requests the friend’s name and email address. laigames.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Company’s Web Site. laigames.com does not store this information.
laigames.com posts a list of Customers and testimonials on the Company’s Web Site that contain information such as Customer names and titles. laigames.com obtains the consent of each Customer prior to posting any information on such a list or posting testimonials.
6. Sharing of information collected
Service Providers
laigames.com may share Data About laigames.com Customers with the Company’s contracted service providers so that these service providers can provide services on our behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, laigames.com may also share Data About laigames.com Customers with the Company’s service providers to ensure the quality of information provided, and with third-party social networking and media Web Site, such as Facebook, for marketing and advertising on those Web Site. Unless described in this Privacy Statement, laigames.com does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
laigames.com Affiliates
The Company may share Data About laigames.com Customers with other companies in order to work with them, including affiliates of the laigames.com corporate group. For example, the Company may need to share Data About laigames.com Customers for customer relationship management purposes.
Business Partners
From time to time, laigames.com may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from laigames.com, the Company may share Data About laigames.com Customers collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). laigames.com does not control our business partners’ use of the Data About laigames.com Customers we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
Third Parties
This Privacy Statement sets forth the information laigames.com collects on the Company’s Web Site and the information we share with third parties. laigames.com does not authorise the collection of personal information by third parties through advertising technologies deployed on the Company’s Web Site, nor do we share personal information with any third parties collected from the Company’s Web Site, except as provided in this Privacy Statement. Section 4 of this Privacy Statement, Web Site Navigational Information, specifically addresses the information we collect through cookies and web beacons, and how you can control cookies through your Web browsers.
Compelled Disclosure
laigames.com reserves the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if the Company reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the Company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
7. International transfer of information collected
The Company primarily stores Data About laigames.com Customers in the United States of America. To facilitate laigames.com’s global operations, the Company may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Company has operations. This Privacy Statement shall apply even if laigames.com transfers Data About laigames.com Customers to other countries.
8. Communication preferences
laigames.com offers visitors and customers who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link located on the bottom of the Company’s marketing emails.
9. Google Analytics
LAI Games and all LAI Games affiliate Web Sites use Google Analytics to collect traffic data for continually improving our Web Site. Google Analytics traffic data is stored on Google servers (whether in the US or elsewhere) and Google is subject to US law.
Google Analytics does not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google or store any other information about your visit that may be used to identify you personally from records on Google servers. For more information about what data is collected, see the Google Analytics privacy policy.
To improve our Web Site further, we use Google Analytics Demographic and Interest reporting. These reports associate your visit to our Web Site with Google’s estimated data about your age, gender and interest categories. This data is calculated by Google based on any accounts you have with Google products (such as YouTube), as well as your browsing behaviour on third party Web Sites that use the DoubleClick cookie. This data is aggregated by Google Analytics and a privacy threshold is applied so that we cannot identify your demographics and interests on an individual basis.
We also use the Google Analytics UserID feature. If you choose to identify yourself by making a purchase, we will associate your current purchase and Web Site visit with previous purchases and Web Site visit. Personally Identifiable Information (eg. your email address) are never stored on Google servers.
From time to time, we also use Google remarketing and interest-based advertising to serve you ads (using Google and third party vendors) based on your demographics and your behaviour on this Web Site. Any advertising or remarketing lists you may belong to are also subject to Google’s privacy thresholds. We cannot serve you ads based on any personally-identifiable information (or any sensitive information) and the ad serving cannot be used to individually target any ads to a particular person. For more information, see Google’s policy for advertising based on interests and location.
A range of opt-out actions you can take is outlined below:
To remove yourself from a remarketing list or to dissociate your UserID from future browsing, clear your browser cookies.
To completely opt out of Google’s remarketing lists and demographic and interest-based classification, visit Google Ad Settings page.
To opt out of your usage data being reported to Google Analytics for this Web Site, refuse or clear the relevant first party cookies (called _ga and _gat) associated with this Web Site.
To completely opt out of your usage data being reported in Google Analytics for any Web Site, install Google’s official opt-out browser add-on.
From time to time, we also use the Facebook Pixel to serve you ads (using Facebook and third party vendors) based on your behaviour on this Web Site as well as for general analysis and optimisation. Any advertising or remarketing lists you may belong to are also subject to Facebook’s ad policies. We cannot serve you ads based on any personally-identifiable information (or any sensitive information) and the ad serving cannot be used to individually target any ads to a particular person. The data collected is stored on Facebook’s servers (whether in the US or elsewhere) and Facebook is subject to US law. To opt out of this advertising, visit aboutads.info/choices/.
10. Changes to this Privacy Statement
laigames.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement. laigames.com will provide notification of the material changes to this Privacy Statement through the Company’s Web Site at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.
Contacting us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or the information practices of the Company’s Web Site please direct them to grpmarketing@helixleisure.com
Follow LAI Games and Helix Leisure on LinkedIn