http://legal.entropiauniverse.com
Rules & Policies
End User License Agreement (EULA)
This agreement governs the End User’s access to the Entropia Universe
Services and use of and the Entropia Universe System, including the
Client software and all digital information available through the
Entropia Universe.
EULA (End User License
Agreement)
Terms of Use
This agreement governs the End User’s rights and obligations with regards to its Entropia Universe Account and its related services.
Terms Of Use
Card Fraud Policy
Card Fraud Policy
Gold Card Terms of Purchase
This agreement stipulates the terms and conditions that MindArk applies for any purchase of a Gold Card Kit or a Card Reader.
Link
Participant Content Policy
This policy governs the End User’s use of the Participant Content system available through the Entropia Universe, where they are allowed to submit and perceive images, videos, films, texts etc.
Participant Content Policy
Privacy Policy
This document explains how MindArk protects the End User’s privacy and stipulates the policies and rules that MindArk applies with regards to personal information and cookies.
Privacy Policy
Real World Items Agreement
This agreement governs all purchases of Real World Items from MindArk via the Entropia Universe or the website.
Real
World Items Agreement
Terms of use for Interconnect services.
Terms of use for Interconnect services
Terms of use for Voice communication services.
Terms of use for Voicecom services
Third Party's Items Purchase Agreement
This agreement stipulates the terms and conditions that apply between MindArk and End Use who wish to purchase within the Entropia Universe a Real World Item from a third party.
Third
Party's Items Purchase Agreement
Other General Policies
Credit Card Information Policy
This document provides the End User with information regarding the security measures that MindArk implements in order to prevent the compromise of a card holder information.
Credit Card Information Policy
Rules & Policies | Legal Notice | Privacy Policy
© 2003- MindArk PE AB. All rights reserved. Mindark® and Entropia Universe® are registered trademarks of Mindark PE AB in Sweden and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.