https://louisianalottery.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyShareTweetEmailSharePRIVACY POLICYLast updated April 27, 2020 Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Louisiana Lottery Corporation (“Louisiana Lottery”, “Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal and other information, in addition to your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy notice or our practices with regards to your information, please contact us at info@louisianalottery.com. This policy outlines what information is collected from you and the ways we use that information when you visit any page on our domain louisianalottery.com, including our mobile site (“Website”); the Official Louisiana Lottery Mobile Application ("App"); our Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram and/or LinkedIn pages (“Social Media”); and/or any related services, including but not limited to prize claims, licensing applications, sales or marketing activities and/or events (collectively referred to as "Services"). We hope you take some time to read through this policy carefully to understand your rights regarding this policy and to make informed decisions about sharing your information with us.  Each time you visit our Website, Social Media, App, and/or use our Services, you agree to the terms contained in this policy, as it may be amended from time to time.  In accordance with this policy, when you submit any information to us, whether directly or indirectly, actively or passively,you are authorizing us (and all third parties contracted or authorized by us) to use, transmit, disclose and store such information for all purposes we deem necessary in our sole discretion.  If you do not want your personal information collected, used, transmitted, disclosed, or stored as provided in this policy, please do not submit it to us. Once you have submitted any information to us, you acknowledge and agree that such information becomes our property, and you may not later withdraw the authorization you have given us as provided in this policy. What Information Do We Collect?There are two types of information that we collect, store and use: automatically collected information of a non-personal nature and personal information voluntarily submitted by users. The Louisiana Lottery does NOT collect any personally identifiable information from you when you visit our Website or use our App unless you expressly allow or voluntarily provide it, such as filling out an online or printed form; sending us an email; commenting on a Social Media post; sending us a direct Social Media message; participating in a Social Media or Website promotion or survey; joining Club Lotteaux; or enabling the global positioning system (GPS) functionality on your phone when accessing our Services via a mobile phone. Automatically Collected InformationWhen you visit our Website or use our App, basic information is passively collected when you visit, use or navigate our Website or App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include information about your device and usage such as the following:  your IP address, type of browser, operating system and device type; your language preferences, referring websites, country and the date, time and length of your use; the specific page(s) visited, actions performed, graphics viewed or documents downloaded;  as well as other statistical information systematically collected by Google Analytics or other internet-related service providers. This information is primarily used to maintain the security and functionality of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. See the section on Cookies below for additional information. Information Collected Through our Apps, Website & Social MediaIf you use our Apps or Website via a mobile device, we may also collect the following information:Geo-Location Information. We may request access to or permission to track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our App or Website, to provide location-based services such as finding the closest Lottery retailer. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.Mobile Device Access. We may request access to certain functions of your mobile device, including your mobile device's camera to check your tickets or other permissible activities. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.App Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.Voluntarily Collected InformationWhen you participate in various features of our Website, Social Media or App, you are voluntarily providing personally identifiable information such as your name, address, birthday, zip code, email address or social media profile information. These features include sending the Lottery an email, filling out a Website or Social Media promotional form or survey; commenting on a Social Media post; sending us a direct Social Media message; or joining Club Lotteaux. Participation in these features is strictly voluntary. Should you choose not to provide your personal information in these instances, it may limit your ability to fully participate in some functionality. However, it will not impair your ability to access certain Lottery consumer information.  You may also be required to provide personally identifiable information when you claim a prize or apply to become a retailer. Certain personal information is required to comply with the Internal Revenue Code, as well as state and federal income reporting requirements and tax withholding requirements. Certain personal information is also required to comply with Louisiana Lottery laws, rules and regulations. How Do We Use Your Information?The Louisiana Lottery Corporation and our service providers may disseminate, access or monitor your personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires or permits it, as well as for administrative and business purposes that we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to maintain, service and improve our products, services, and information security, or to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations.  In general, here is how information provided to us through any means, or required by us or by applicable laws rules or regulations is used:  Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual Obligations: To enforce our terms, conditions and policies; to respond to lawful requests and prevent harm; and to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations.  Marketing & Promotional Purposes:  To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use your personal information for marketing purposes. You can opt-out of our emails at any time by updating your Club Lotteaux communications preferences or canceling your membership. You can opt-out of our App notifications through your mobile device settings and App settings. Customer Service & Support. To deliver services to the user; to respond to user inquiries; to offer support to users. We may use your information to respond to your questions and to solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service, such as the payment of a prize or issuance of a retailer license. Other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and evaluating and improving our Website, Apps, Social Media, products, marketing and your experience. More specifically, we may use the information we collect for these purposes: Joining the Louisiana Lottery's Players Club, Club LotteauxPersonal information collected and maintained with Club Lotteaux membership is used to verify that the potential member is of the required age to participate. (See the note about age requirements below.) Information about an individual's residence and game preferences is also used to customize broadcast communications. Email addresses will be used to communicate with members on a periodic basis and to fulfill their requests to participate in Club Lotteaux email lists. Changes to voluntarily collected information can be made by the user through the Change Profile feature of the site. Filling out a Survey or Entering a PromotionPersonally identifiable information may be collected and used for marketing and product development purposes. Since drawings are sometimes held from among survey participants, personal information may be used in order to contact prize winners. If you prefer we not collect this information, do not participate in surveys or promotions.. Communicating Through Social MediaPersonal information in your public profile may be collected or accessed when you interact with the Lottery’s Social Media pages. This information is used to verify participants meet age and residency requirements as well as to contact contest winners or reply to posts or direct messages. The information collected may change from time to time to allow the Lottery to better serve or market its services to its followers. If you prefer we not collect this information, do not communicate via Social Media. As a registered user, you are also subject to the privacy policy of that respective social media platform (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, LinkedIn). Please check your account privacy settings and the respective platform’s privacy policy for further information. Sending Us EmailYour email address and other information contained in or attached to your email are retained and used to respond to you. If you prefer we not collect or store this information, do not email us.  Using the "Find A Retailer" Page From a Mobile Device or AppIf you access the "Find A Retailer" feature on our Website or App from a mobile device, you will be given the option to enable your device’s GPS to find a retailer(s) near your exact location. This information is used only to deliver tailored search results and is not stored. If you prefer not to share your location, utilize the zip code search option instead. Depending upon your device and settings, once you have granted permission to enable Location Services, it may remain in effect until you change it yourself on your device. Using the “Check My Tickets” Function on the AppIf you acess the Check My Tickets feature on our App, you will be given the option to enable access to your device’s camera to scan your Lottery ticket and determine its winning status/value. This information is stored in your device to be updated as the status changes. The statuses of checked tickets are also used to deliver personalized notifications.  Using the Create a Playslip on the AppIf you create and save a playslip on our App, it will be saved to your device. The Lottery captures information about the types of plays created to send notifications and track sales made as a result of digital playslips.  Will Your Information Be Shared With Anyone?The Louisiana Lottery is strongly committed to protecting personal information collected or provided against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, personally identifiable information collected is made readily available only to our employees and third-party consultants or service providers who need it to carry out their official functions, including those outlined above or otherwise provided in this policy.  In addition, personally identifiable information provided to us through any means or required by us or by applicable laws, rules or regulations, may be disclosed without notice, unless required by law.  We may process, share, or disclose data based on the following legal basis: Consent: We may process or share your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose. Legitimate Interests: We may process or share your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests. Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process or share your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract. Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, including without limitation, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).   We may disseminate such information to any state or federal agency, department, division, or any other governmental entity as required or permitted by applicable laws, rules, or regulations, or to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, or when we believe that we must disclose information to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use, or who may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, or to those who may be harmed by such activities. We may accept and comply with any legal action of any jurisdiction served upon us by any means deemed acceptable to us for the disclosure of your personally identifiable or other information. You agree when you provide us, whether directly or indirectly, actively or passively,  with any information through any means that we are not obligated to determine whether any court, agency, or other governmental entity issuing any legal process or action has jurisdiction over you or the information sought.  You also agree that we have no obligation to contest any such legal action, but we may do so in our sole discretion.  We are not obligated to send a notice to you about such a request for your personally identifiable or other information unless required to do so by applicable laws, rules or regulations.  You agree that we shall have no liability to you if we accept and comply with any legal process or action as provided in this Privacy Notice or as otherwise required by applicable laws, rules or regulations. In addition, Louisiana Lottery is subject to Louisiana’s public records law. As such, information collected may be considered public record.  We may be required, therefore, to provide such information for public inspection without limitation or notice. Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations: Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third- party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the App, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the App over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity.  Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads after visiting our Website or Social Media sites. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. See the section on Cookies below for additional information. While the Louisiana Lottery and its third-party advertisers may use personally identifiable information for marketing purposes, it will NOT sell, rent or trade this information.  The Louisiana Lottery may also choose to release information in aggregate collected for statistical purposes. How Long Do We Keep Your Information?Information provided to or collected by us is retained in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements of Louisiana law. After that, if we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we may elect to destroy it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. How Do We Keep Your Information Safe?The Louisiana Lottery utilizes industry standards to safeguard the integrity of its data and has implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Website, App and Social Media is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment. Do We Use Cookies or Tracking Technology?Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies on its Website or App. Cookies are simple text files that are stored on your computer by Internet websites. They do not contain personally identifiable information and do not compromise your privacy or security. The Louisiana Lottery may use tracking technology to customize, enhance or better understand your browsing experience or for other purposes, such as indicating whether a particular action has been performed on the device such as creating a playslip, checking a ticket, completing a survey, opening an email or visiting a page. We may also use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like pixels) to access or store information to be used for remarketing purposes as you browse the internet.  Certain cookies can be blocked by adjusting your browser or device settings. Controls For Do-Not-Track FeaturesMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online.  Other SitesThis Privacy Policy applies only to the Louisiana Lottery. For your convenience, links to other sites are a part of our Website. If you choose to access these links, you should read that entity's privacy policy to determine its practices since we are not responsible for their content. Google MapsOur Website, App and Social Media use Google Maps APIs. Refer to Google Maps APIs Terms of Service  and Google’s Privacy Policy. for information on those services. By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service.  Do We Collect Information From Minors?We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to anyone under 21 years of age. By using our Website, Social Media or App, you represent that you are at least 21 years old. If we learn that personal information from users less than 21 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to delete such data from our records promptly, unless applicable laws, rules, or regulations require that we retain it. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 21, please contact us at info@louisianalottery.com.  Club Lotteaux registrants and Social Media promotion participants are required to be at least 21 years of age. Can We Change This Policy?The Louisiana Lottery may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time without notifying you. However, revised policies will be posted here, with the amended date located at the top of the page. You may wish to review this policy periodically, as any information collected on this site will be subject to the  this Privacy Policy as it may be amended from time to time, regardless of when such information may have been submitted to us. In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and any applicable state or federal laws, rules, or regulations that are not susceptible to waiver by the party whose information has been submitted to us, including the Freedom of Information Act, the applicable state or federal laws, rules or regulations will control. How Can You Contact Us About This Policy?If you should have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what is outlined in this policy, please contact the Louisiana Lottery Corporation at 555 Laurel Street, Baton Rouge, LA 70801 or by emailing info@louisianalottery.com.