https://louisianalottery.com/legal
Copyright And Legal NoticeShareTweetEmailShare© 2005 Louisiana Lottery CorporationAcceptance of Terms and Conditions of UseYour access and usage of the Louisiana Lottery Corporation's Web site, www.louisianalottery.com, is provided subject the following terms and conditions. By accessing and utilizing our site, you both acknowledge and accept the following terms and conditions and agree to be bound by them.Use of SiteThis Web site and all of its contents are copyrighted by the Louisiana Lottery Corporation. All names, trademarks, logos, pictures, custom graphics and information contained within these pages may not be reproduced or distributed without the express written consent of the Louisiana Lottery Corporation. The Louisiana Lottery authorizes users to view and download the materials at the Web site only for personal non-commercial use, provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original material or on any copies of the materials are retained. Materials on this Web site may not be modified in any way or reproduced or publicly displayed, performed or distributed or otherwise used for any public or commercial purpose without the express written consent of the Louisiana Lottery Corporation.Disclaimer of LiabilityThe Louisiana Lottery, its employees, officers, directors, agents and affiliates will not be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including but not limited to  procurement or substitute goods or services, loss of use, data or profits or business interruption, however caused and on any theory of liability whether in contract or strict liability or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortuous behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action. The Louisiana Lottery, its employees, officers and directors are not liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information contained in this site and assume no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.Disclaimer of Warranties and Accuracy of DataEvery effort has been made to ensure that the information contained in this Web site is correct, including but not limited to lists of winning numbers, number of winners and prize payout figures, prizes remaining data, game closure dates and game redemption deadlines. Although the data found on the Louisiana Lottery's Web site have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. The Louisiana Lottery provides this information on an "as is" basis. All warranties including but not limited to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. Changes may be periodically made to the information herein; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of this publication. In the case of data errors, data contained in the official audited files of the Louisiana Lottery will be controlling.Users are warned that information obtained from any of the Lottery's Web pages from a source other than the Lottery could be suspect, since electronic data can be altered and subsequent to original distribution. Data can also quickly become out of date. It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. If any errors or omission are found, we encourage users to report them to info@louisianalottery.com.Disclaimer of EndorsementThe Louisiana Lottery is sometimes a distributor of content supplied by third parties and users. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect those of the Louisiana Lottery and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Lottery.Disclaimer for Internal/External Links  The Louisiana Lottery is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced by or referencing the Louisiana Lottery. The user specifically acknowledges that the Lottery is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Links to or from the Louisiana Lottery's Web pages on the World Wide Web with other sites do not constitute an endorsement from the Lottery. Links to other Web sites  are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility of the Web surfer to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites. The Louisiana Lottery's Web site may contain links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. The Lottery's Web site is not responsible for the availability or content of these outside resources.  Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to that site's administrator or webmaster.Disclaimer of Duty to Continue Provision of DataDue to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, homepages, and files are reorganized. The user expressly agrees that use of the Lottery's Web site is at the user's sole risk. The Louisiana Lottery does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. The documents and related graphics published on this server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. The Louisiana Lottery may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.Choice of LawConstruction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof are governed by the laws of the State of Louisiana. The laws of the State of Louisiana, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses of this data and this system. By use of this system and any data contained therein, the user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties.SubmissionsAny suggestions, ideas or concepts that are submitted by users shall become and remain the property of the Louisiana Lottery, without compensation in any form. You agree that the Lottery has the right to use such material as it sees fit, without compensation in any form.JurisdictionThis site, including Club Lotteaux password-protected area, is intended for use by residents of the state of Louisiana who are the age of at least 21. Its use is void where prohibited by law. Users are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws.Additional Terms & Conditions Relative to Club Lotteaux, the Louisiana Lottery's Players ClubMembership RequirementsClub Lotteaux is a voluntary, Web-based feature designed for players. Membership is strictly voluntary and in no way affects consumers' ability to interact with the Lottery, such as purchasing tickets or winning a Lottery game. Membership is dependent upon being a Louisiana resident age 21 or older with a valid e-mail address and Internet connection. If a member's e-mail address changes, the change should be made to their Club Lotteaux profile in order to retain their membership.Club Lotteaux membership is open only to Louisiana residents of the state's legal gambling age, which is 21. Any attempt to circumvent these requirements by entering false data into the sign-up form constitutes fraud on the part of the user.  Users accept full responsibility for the profiles they create.Right to E-mail MembershipBy joining Club Lotteaux, users acknowledge and accept that the Louisiana Lottery may send them ad hoc e-mails on a very limited basis that include information we believe they may be interested in as a club member. To discontinue receiving such e-mail, users may opt out by cancelling their Club Lotteaux membership; however, they will no longer have access to that area of our Web site.Broadcast E-mail PracticesAs part of Club Lotteaux membership, users may opt-in various e-mail lists to receive regular e-mails with specific content as described in the Club Lotteaux sign-up form.  At any time, users may opt-out of these individual lists by following the link indicated in the body of such e-mails or by changing their profile when logged onto the site. Opting out of these lists will NOT cancel their Club Lotteaux membership.Cancelling MembershipCancelling a membership bars access to the Club Lotteaux area of the Lottery's Web site and removes the member from any broadcast e-mail lists subscribed to. Club Lotteaux members may opt to cancel their membership at any time by following the appropriate links in their Club Lotteaux profile. Once a membership is cancelled, a member may not rejoin the Club Lotteaux for six months using the same e-mail address.Memberships are also cancelled when a member is found to have an invalid e-mail address.Privacy PolicyAs part Louisiana Lottery's Web site, the Club Lotteaux password-protected area conforms to the Lottery's Privacy Policy and users are strongly encouraged to read it to determine how the site collects, stores and disseminates user information, including personally-identifiable information.