https://playmurdermystery.com/cookies-policy/
HOME
A to Z
Testimonials / Feedback
Contact Us
Shop
Basket
Checkout
My account
0 Items
COOKIE POLICY
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. The cookie settings on this website are set to “allow cookies” to give you the best browsing experience possible. Cookies collected on this website are detailed below.
WordPress Cookies:
wp-settings-,  wp-settings-time  These cookies are set by WordPress. They are used to customize user’s view of admin interface, and possibly also the main site interface. These cookies have no impact on user experience and do not store any personal information. They contain some information about user’s general geographic location. These cookies are persistent and expire in 1 year.
Third Party Cookies:
We include content from other websites, such as Google. Please be aware that additional cookies and similar technologies may be placed on your computer, mobile phone or tablet device from these other websites. We’re not responsible for these so please check the privacy and cookie policies of the social media networks you use for full details of what they do.
Woocommerce Cookies – These third-party cookies are set by Woocommerce.
WordPress_test_cookie consent plugin to record that you accept the fact that the site uses cookies.
In addition to the controls that we provide, you can choose to enable or disable cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access our site more quickly and efficiently.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.