https://reboot.tradesports.com/privacy-policy
Tradesports - Privacy Policy
ContactTwitter
Privacy PolicyDate last modified: October 31, 2019YOUR PRIVACYPlease note: The Tradesports website is owned and operated by Tradesports Technology Holdings, Inc.The privacy of anyone using or visiting the Tradesports website is very important us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to help protect your privacy by explaining the use and disclosure of user information collected via the Tradesports website - so you can make an informed decision about using or continuing to use Tradesports.Your use of Tradesports and any Personal Information (defined below) you provide to Tradesports is subject to this Privacy Policy. By using the Tradesports website and the services offered therein, you consent to the terms of the current Tradesports Privacy Policy. Tradesports reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. For more information please refer to the section entitled “Changes to this Privacy Policy” detailed below. If you believe Tradesports has not adhered to this Privacy Policy or if you have any other questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Tradesports at support@tradesports.com.Any information or content posted by users to the Tradesports website is considered published content and not Personal Information - and therefore not subject to this Privacy Policy. This includes (but is not limited to) video, images, comments and forum post.SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Tradesports on our website. It does not apply to any information collected by Tradesports by any other method.This Privacy Policy also does not apply to any information that you may provide to third parties; for example, other websites linked to the Tradesports website. If you access the Tradesports website from a third party Social Networking Site (“SNS”), you may be required to also read and accept the terms and conditions and privacy policy of that SNS. Tradesports is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties, and you should contact such third parties directly to determine their respective privacy policies.SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDRENThe Tradesports website is targeted for use by adults only and all registered account holders must be eighteen (18) years of age or older. Tradesports does not currently market to or create special areas for use by children. Accordingly, Tradesports does not knowingly collect age identifying information, nor does Tradesports knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) years. However, we hereby advise all visitors to the Tradesports. website under the age of twenty-one (21) not to disclose or provide any Personal Information on the website. In the event that Tradesports discovers that a child or anyone under the age of thirteen (13) has provided Personal Information to Tradesports, in accordance with Tradesports policies and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (please see the Federal Trade Commission’s website HERE for more information about this Act), Tradesports will delete that person’s or child’s Personal Information from its files to the extent technologically possible.INFORMATION WE COLLECTIn order to operate the Tradesports website and provide you with access to certain services that Tradesports offers through the website, Tradesports may collect the following types of information from you: (i) personal information by which you may be identified (“Personal Information”) and (ii) information about you and your activities on the Tradesports website that does not identify you personally (“General Information”), such as your domain server, the type of computer, web browser, operating system or platform you use, referrer data identifying the web pages you visited prior to and after visiting the website and your movement and activity within the website and your geographic location.A. PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal Information About You Collected Directly From YouTradesports requests Personal Information from our users when they perform certain actions on the website. Tradesports may also use a variety of technologies (including, but not limited to, Google Analytics) that automatically collect Personal Information. These actions may be undertaken whenever a user visits the website and may include: opening a Tradesports account; logging into your account; depositing funds into your account; withdrawing funds from your account; requesting help with your account or the website from Tradesports; providing feedback on the website; providing product preference information, tracking your movement and activity within the website, or participating in an online survey; and subscribing to newsletters or mailing lists. The Personal Information collected and maintained may include:Contact information such as name and e-mail address;Tradesports account username and password;Unique identifiers, such as a customer number held in a cookie, an Internet Protocol (IP) address, a processor or device serial number, or other unique device identifiers;The pages and sequence of pages visited on the website, the duration of visits to pages within the website and on specific pages, and the actions taken on those pages;Information about your domain server, the type of computer, web browser, operating system or platform you use, referrer data identifying the web pages you visited prior to and after visiting the website, your movement and activity within the website and your geographic location; andIn certain circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as a credit card number or a driver’s license number where needed for payment or to verify identity.Personal Information About You Received From Other SourcesWhere permitted by applicable law, Tradesports may collect information about you from other sources, such as if you access the website through a SNS. Such Personal Information collected and maintained may include:Contact information such as name and e-mail address;Tradesports account username and password;Unique identifiers, such as a customer number held in a cookie, an Internet Protocol (IP) address, a processor or device serial number, or other unique device identifiers;Your username and password for those third party services and other information available about or collected from you by those sources; andInformation relating to the method of payment, such as a credit card number, used to purchase products or features within the website.The information you allow Tradesports to access varies by source, e.g., SNS platform, and is affected by the privacy settings established by those third parties. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to Tradesports. For more information about how those third parties handle your Personal Information, please refer to their privacy policies.B. GENERAL INFORMATIONIn addition to collecting Personal Information from you, Tradesports may use a variety of technologies (including, but not limited to, Google Analytics) that automatically collect General Information. General Information is information about you or your activities on the website that does not identify you personally. This includes, but is not limited to, your domain server, the type of computer, web browser, operating system or platform you use and referrer data identifying the web pages you visited prior to and after visiting the website, and your movement and activity within the website, the pages and sequence of pages visited on the website, the duration of visits to pages within the website and on specific pages, and the actions taken on those pages.Cookies:A cookie is a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters. When you visit the Tradesports website we may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely recognize and identify your web browser.Both persistent and session cookies are used by Tradesports. A persistent cookie will remain on your computer and may be used by your web browser on future visits to the website. A session cookie is temporary and is removed when you close your web browser.You can use the settings on your web browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent. Please note that some features of the Tradesports website may not work properly if cookies are not being accepted.HTML 5 Web Storage:With HTML5, web pages can store data locally within the user's browser. Earlier, this was done with cookies. However, Web Storage is more secure and faster. The data is not included with every server request, but used ONLY when asked for. It is also possible to store large amounts of data, without affecting the website's performance.The data is stored in name/value pairs, and a web page can only access data stored by itself. Unlike cookies, the storage limit is far larger (at least 5MB) and information is never transferred to the server.Tradesports uses HTML 5 Web Storage to save gameplay preferences and to store information for better user experience.Log Files:Tradesports automatically records certain information that your web browser sends when you visit a website. This information is recorded in server logs and contain such things as: the requests you make through your web browser; your Internet Protocol (IP) address; browser type; browser language; referring and exit web page and URLs; platform type; number of clicks performed on the web site; domain names; landing pages; web pages viewed and the amount of time spent on particular web page; the time and date of any request you make through your web browser; and any cookies used to uniquely identify your web browser.HOW THIS INFORMATION IS USEDAny information you provide to Tradesports through our website or obtained by Tradesports online via other third party sources will be used to operate, maintain and provide you with the features and functionality of the Tradesports website. This includes (but is not limited to):Processing your registration, including verifying that the e-mail address you provide is active and valid;Providing you our products and services, including our contests, tournaments, and promotions;Confirming that you are not using our services in a prohibited jurisdiction;Fulfilling your requests for products, services, and information, including to authorize a purchase, and complete a transaction that you have requested;Processing awards payment and business requests related to your participation;Responding to your inquiries, providing customer services, and resolving any complaints;Communicating with you regarding certain products, services or promotions offered by Tradesports or certain third-party products or services we believe you may be interested in, provided that you have not already opted out of receiving such communications;Improving the quality and design of the Tradesports website, and to create new features and functionality, promotions and services. This is done by storing, tracking and analyzing user preferences and behavior.Customizing the content you see when you visit the website, including to develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests. This is done via Cookies and Log Files. This information is used to remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your current visit or future visits to the Tradesports website. Cookies and Log File information is also used to provide customized and personalized information and content to users, to monitor the effectiveness of Tradesports marketing and promotional campaigns, monitor certain aggregate metrics and to track your entries and current status in promotions and contests;Anonymizing or aggregating your information for business purposes, including for reporting and research purposes;Alerting you to changes to the Tradesports website or Terms & Conditions;Ensuring compliance with the Tradesports Terms & Conditions;Complying with any applicable laws and regulations; andFor any other purposes disclosed to you at the time your information is collected or pursuant to your consent.DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATIONTradesports is committed to maintaining your trust and Tradesports wants you to understand when and with whom Tradesports may share information collected about you. We never share information we receive from you unless: (a) we have your permission to share that information, e.g., a specific program that you can opt into or out of at any time; (b) we have given you prior notice that the information will be shared, and with whom (such as in this Privacy Policy); or (c) that information is General Information, e.g., aggregate information or other information that does not identify you. Anonymous or aggregated data does not identify you, and Tradesports may use and disclose this type of information without limitation.Tradesports may share your Personal Information as set forth in the following circumstances:Third Party Service Providers. In some cases we may employ third party service providers, including, but not limited to, third party payment processors, to perform certain services on our behalf, including, without limitation: (i) processing and fulfilling your orders; (ii) providing customer service; (iii) shipping, sending postal mail and e-mails; (iv) analyzing, updating and correcting information we receive on the website; (v) performing business analysis, data processing and/or quality control; (vi) providing marketing assistance, search results and links (including, without limitation, paid listings and links); (vii) processing credit card and debit card payments; (viii) hosting our databases; and (ix) providing you with information you requested. Consequently, we may share your Personal Information with these third party service providers if they need it to perform services on our behalf. However, such third party service providers are not authorized by us to use your Personal Information for any other purpose.Contests, Tournaments, and Promotions. The website offers contests, tournaments, and other promotions that may require registration. If you choose to enter a contest, tournament, or promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties (including publicly and via SNS services)) in connection with the administration of such offering, such as in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law, such as on a winners list. By entering a contest, tournament, or promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that offering, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing us and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.Disclosure of Customer Information for Legal and Administrative Reasons. If we believe in good faith that it is necessary and appropriate, we may disclose your Personal Information without notice: (1) when required by law or to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process; (2) to cooperate in investigations of fraud, intellectual property infringement or any other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability; (3) to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, requests from the governmental agency authorities to view your Personal Information); (4) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of us, our affiliates, subsidiaries and partners and any of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors and partners, and the website’s users; (5) to verify the identity of the website’s users; (6) to protect the security and integrity of the Tradesports website; (7) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Tradesports, our users or others; and (8) to enforce the Tradesports Terms & Conditions.Business Transfers. Your Personal Information may be transferred, sold or otherwise conveyed (“Conveyed”) to a third party where we: (1) merge with or are acquired by another business entity; (2) sell all or substantially all of our assets; (3) are adjudicated bankrupt or (4) are liquidated or otherwise reorganized. You consent to any and all such Conveyances of your Personal Information.PERSONAL CHOICE IN THE DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONIf you do not want Tradesports to share your Personal Information beyond that which is required to participate in the contests, tournaments, promotions offered on the website or for transactions initiated by you, or if you do not want to receive certain communications and offers from Tradesports, you can “opt-out” of such sharing, communications and offers by contacting customer service at support@tradesports.com. Or write Tradesports at:Tradesports Technology Holdings, Inc.121 Hawkins Place #142Boonton, NJ 07005Please note that even if you opt-out or unsubscribe from promotional offers or other marketing messages, Tradesports still may need to share your Personal Information or send communications relating to your use of the website, such as a transaction initiated by you or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons.ACCESS AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATIONIf you believe that any Personal Information collected and maintained by Tradesports about you is not correct or has changed, please log into your account and make the appropriate changes. For further assistance, please contact customer service at support@tradesports.com.If you ask Tradesports to close your account and delete your information, we will do so within a reasonable period of time. Please note that Tradesports may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy legal and security obligations. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.HOW LONG USER INFORMATION IS KEPTTradesports generally keeps user data on the Tradesports servers or in the Tradesports archives for as long as Tradesports reasonably needs it. Tradesports may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, Tradesports may delete some data if needed to free up storage space. Tradesports may keep other data for longer periods if applicable law requires it. In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely.DATA SECURITYTradesports uses appropriate and commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical procedures to safeguard and secure all information we collect online. We cannot however ensure or guarantee the absolute security of any information collected by Tradesports and any information you provide is done so at your own risk. Therefore, although Tradesports believes the measures implemented by it reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved, Tradesports does not promise or guarantee, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information or private communications will remain private.If you believe your username or password has been stolen, you are required to notify Tradesports so that necessary measures can be taken immediately.DO NOT TRACKDo Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers, which allows them to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. When a user activates DNT, the browser sends a message requesting that the website or online service not track the user. At the present time, standard DNT technology is not yet finalized and not all browsers support DNT; therefore, Tradesports does not recognize DNT signals. Instead, information collection and disclosure practices and the choices that Tradesports provides to users will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a DNT signal is received. For more information about DNT, see: http://donottrack.us/.CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you are resident in California and have provided Tradesports with Personal Information then you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of this Personal Information to third-parties for direct marketing purposes. To obtain this information please send a written request to:Tradesports Technology Holdings, Inc.121 Hawkins Place #142Boonton, NJ 07005For all requests, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that Tradesports will not accept requests via the telephone, e-mail, or by facsimile, and Tradesports is not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information or postage.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you would like to contact us for any reason about this Privacy Policy or our privacy procedures and practices, please send an email to: support@tradesports.com. Or write Tradesports at:Tradesports Technology Holdings, Inc.121 Hawkins Place #142Boonton, NJ 07005Tradesports is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern in compliance with applicable law.CHANGES TO THIS POLICYThis Privacy Policy may be revised and updated over time. If Tradesports modifies this Privacy Policy, Tradesports will update the “Last Modified Date” and such changes will be effective upon posting. If Tradesports makes what it determines to be material changes to this Privacy Policy, Tradesports will notify you by prominently posting a notice on the Tradesports website or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address on file for you. Your continued use of the website following such material changes requires your affirmative consent to the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, your sole remedy is to cease using the website. It is your responsibility to periodically check and review this Privacy Policy for changes.
© 2020 Tradesports Technology Holdings, Inc.TwitterContactPrivacy Policy