https://resortsac.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyI. INTRODUCTION DGMB Casino, LLC, and all of our subsidiaries, affiliates, casinos and resorts (collectively, “Resorts”) have an unwavering commitment to providing outstanding products and services to our customers. This Privacy Policy applies to information Resorts collects online through websites controlled and maintained by Resorts (the “Sites”) and information it collects through offline methods, including but not limited to reservation procedures, loyalty program registrations, surveys, guest comments, and market research. You hereby acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is incorporated in the Terms and Conditions of Use that controls your use and access of the Sites.II. WHY RESORTS COLLECTS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION Resorts collects information in a variety of different manners for multiple purposes, including: (1) to help us continually improve the services we offer, (2) to improve the utility of the Sites, and (3) to provide you and other interested visitors with information about promotions and other materials through e-mail and other communications that we believe will be beneficial to you. We will not share, sell or transfer personally identifiable information about you to third parties to use for their own marketing efforts except as outlined below in Sections III and IV, or with your approval.III. HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED BY RESORTSA. NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION On a regular basis, the Sites may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Some examples of such information may include the type of browser you are using, what sites you came from, what pages of the Sites you visit, how much time is spent on those pages, and the pages from which you exit the Sites. In addition, Resorts may collect some non-personally identifiable information in the additional manners described below:1. COOKIES In general, when you visit the Sites, you remain anonymous unless you choose to provide information to us. The Sites do use “cookies,” i.e., very small text files sent to your computer, which temporarily reside in your computer’s hard drive. These cookies enable Resorts to help your computer navigate through the Sites more quickly and allow us to better understand how visitors use the Sites. Resorts does not use cookies to track what you do when you are not on the Sites or to collect personally identifiable information about you. These cookies do not damage or corrupt your computer or computer files.If you do not wish to receive the benefits of these cookies, you may set your browser to reject them. You should consult the instructions of your particular browser on how to do this. However, please be aware that rejecting the cookies could affect your ability to perform certain transactions on the Sites.2. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING Resorts may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads about Resorts to other sites on the Internet; these ads may contain links to a Site. The advertising company may employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of such ads and that allows it to identify visitors to the Sites who viewed a particular ad on another site. This is primarily accomplished through the use of a technology device, commonly referred to as an action tag, which the advertising company may place on the Sites as well as on other sites where the advertising company places ads to collect anonymous information. The advertising company may use information about your visits to our Sites and other sites on the Internet in order to personalize the advertisements you may see on other sites to offer you goods and services that the advertising company believes may be of interest to you. Unless otherwise notified, the advertising company does not use names, addresses, e-mail addresses or telephone numbers to identify visitors, and does not link online actions to an identifiable person.Of course, while the advertising company provides some of this non-identifiable information to Resorts, Resorts does not control how the advertising company collects or uses this information.3. E-MAIL DISCLOSURE Your personal information may be shared with reputable third parties but only for use in providing more relevant advertising and/or information about Resorts including, but not limited to, offers of hotel rooms, entertainment, special events or promotions. Your personal information may be combined with additional information provided by you at registration or augmented from other data sources in order to provide more relevant advertising to you. We will never rent your personal information to any outside organization for its separate use in marketing or solicitation of its own goods or services without your consent.Resorts may use a third-party e-mail service provider to deploy e-mail offers/correspondence from the Sites; these e-mails may contain links to a Site. Any personal information you may provide to us will be used to help make our future marketing efforts more efficient. It may also be used by our marketing partners to bring you offers of interest.B. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION Resorts does not collect personal information from visitors to the Sites in any non-obvious manner. In order to provide you with more effective and personalized service, Resorts may, however, collect personal information such as names, addresses, e-mail addresses, credit card information, and other information in a variety of manners, as described in this Section.Resorts will never share any of your personally identifiable data with any party not affiliated with Resorts without your express written consent, except as provided herein. (See How Resorts Uses Personal Information and Special Circumstances).Resorts may combine information collected online through the Sites with any other data we have collected about you using our offline resources. Unless you indicate at the time the information is collected that Resorts may only use this information for limited purposes, Resorts may place this information into its database, which may contain information we have collected about you via the Sites as well as offline, and use it for future reference when, e.g., we provide you with offers for future stays at one of our hotels or resorts or other information we believe may be of interest to you.1. RESERVATION PROCESS Visitors to the Sites have the ability to search for rates and availability at any of our hotels and resorts in the United States without ever providing any personal information. However, once you have decided on an available reservation, you will be asked to provide personal information. This will include your name, address, and other contact information, as well a credit card number, billing address, and the card’s expiration date. The credit card number will be used solely to secure your reservation as detailed in the reservation process.Resorts takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Reservations page on each Site is secure. For more information about our current security methods, please see the Security section below.Your credit card number will be verified using a checking sequence; we may authorize payment(s) at this time that is consistent with payment process for each site. Once your reservation is confirmed, the Resorts resort you have chosen will receive all the information you have submitted. The transfer of information takes place in the same fashion as if you called directly or made your reservation through a travel agent. Shortly after, you will receive an e-mail confirmation.2. RESORTS INTERNATIONAL CLUB, UPTOWN CLUB AND THE R CARD Every visitor is invited to sign up for the Resorts International Club, Uptown Club and/or The R Card, which is your link to cash back, complimentary meals and other exciting special offers for Resorts properties throughout the United States. In order to sign up for this service, you will be asked to provide personal information including your name, address, and other contact information. This may only be available in certain regions/properties owned by Resorts.3. SPECIAL PROMOTIONS AND CONTESTS Occasionally, Resorts requests visitors of the Sites to provide their e-mail address in order to provide them with information about, for example, promotions and special offers, or to participate in a contest or sweepstakes.4. PURCHASE INFORMATION When you purchase an item through our Sites we will ask for your name, the type of credit card you intend to use, your credit card number, your billing address for the card, and the card’s expiration date. This information is necessary in order for us to bill you for your purchase. If your billing address differs from your shipping address, or if you intend to send your purchase to a third party, we will ask you for additional name and address information in order to fulfill your request.5. OTHER ONLINE SOURCES Resorts may also collect personally identifiable information about you from other online sources including, without limitation, e-mail inquiries sent by you to Resorts your response to special offers and promotions periodically offered through the Sites, and information you provide through other special features appearing on the Sites currently or in the future. Resorts will use the information you provide to process your request and/or research your query. In addition, Resorts may also use the information you provide in the manners described herein.IV. HOW RESORTS USES PERSONAL INFORMATIONA. RESORTS SHARES THIS INFORMATION WITH ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES Unless you have specifically limited how Resorts may use your personally identifiable information, Resorts may place that information into its database, which could contain information we have collected about you via the Sites as well as offline and use it to send you future e-mails and correspondence about promotions, special events and/or other items we believe may be of interest to you. The information in this database is available to designated persons at Resorts and its subsidiaries and affiliates including those that operate any of the Resorts hotel and resorts.Resorts treats the information you provide as confidential information and takes reasonable measures to ensure that it is only available to designated personnel for use in connection with Resorts business. Resorts may use third parties to assist it with fulfilling your requests, completing your reservation, forwarding you material, or similar functions. These third parties are under a contractual obligation to not use this information except for these limited purposes. Except for these exceptions, or in the event that Resorts sells an entire line of business relating to a particular web site, or in the event of a “special circumstance,” (See Sale of Assets and Special Circumstances) Resorts will not sell, share or transfer your personal information to any entity outside of the Resorts family of companies.B. RESORTS MAY COMBINE ONLINE INFORMATION WITH OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT VISITORS TO ITS SITES In addition to the above, Resorts may combine the personal information it collects online with information it collects through offline methods, including but not limited to surveys, guest comments, and market research.C. OPT-OUT CHOICES Resorts provides you with the ability to control how we use your personally identifiable information. Since Resorts does not sell or rent its customers’ data to third parties, you need not opt-out in order to avoid receiving e-mails that do not relate to Resorts properties and services. If you do not wish to receive this information, you may elect to limit our use of your information in one of two ways. First, you may elect not to receive communications from Resorts about offers or promotions we think may be of interest to you. Second, you may elect not to allow us to combine information collected about you online with our offline database. To exercise this opt-out choice you will need to notify Resorts by written notice sent regular mail to Resorts at the address provided below. Please allow up to six weeks for your new preferences to take effect. Resorts reserves the right to limit participation in certain sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions to customers who do not elect to exercise their opt-out choice.V. SECURITY Resorts regularly reviews the security of the Sites. Although the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to and from Resorts via the Internet or e-mail cannot be absolutely guaranteed, Resorts endeavors to create secure and reliable Sites for its visitors. Resorts has invested, and will continue to invest, in high quality security in terms of access to information, data quality, and physical security of servers where information is stored. Resorts implements a variety of security measures, including encryption and other measures against hacking or unauthorized access to protect confidential information such as credit card numbers, names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and any other personal information you may provide during your visit to the Sites from loss, misuse, interception and hacking. In addition, the information you provide is available only to qualified, designated persons at Resorts, including those that operate any of the Resorts hotel and resorts, who are under an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.Nevertheless, when disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that, as with all e-mail sent via the Internet, your information may be intercepted without our consent by unscrupulous members of the public and, consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. In addition, third party web sites that may be accessed through links on the Sites have separate privacy policies and security measures, and Resorts is not responsible or liable for the practices, policies or security measures implemented on these third party web sites.You hereby acknowledge that Resorts is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.VI. LINKS As noted above, the Sites may contain links to other web sites. Resorts is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, and you are encouraged to view the privacy policies of these other sites as soon as you enter them.VII. SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES Resorts reserves the right to disclose the personal information of the users of the Sites for any law enforcement purpose at the request of any law enforcement body or in response to a subpoena or as otherwise required by any court or administrative agency. We may also share such information at our discretion if it appears that your actions on the Sites are in violation of the Terms and Conditions of Use, and that disclosure of this information will assist in efforts to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use or will assist Resorts in connection with any legal proceeding between you and Resorts. [A link to the Terms and Conditions can be found in the footer of any Resorts sites.] Resorts may also provide email addresses to third parties for suppression purposes. Suppression ensures that consumers who have unsubscribed or requested that they not receive e-mail from Resorts also will not receive a Resorts exclusive email via a third-party’s email marketing.VIII. SALE OF ASSETS Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of Resorts to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets (including the Sites) to an affiliate or independent third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation whatsoever. Resorts specifically reserves the right to transfer personally identifiable information collected from its Sites to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information. You will be given the ability to opt-out of continued use of your personal information by any buyer of that portion of the business or the Sites relating to that information.IX. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY Resorts may change the features and/or content found on the Sites. Consequently, this Privacy Policy may change to reflect any new features and/or content. You should periodically revisit our Privacy Policy to be sure that you are familiar with our current policy. Your use and/or continued use of the Sites (following any modifications to this Privacy Policy) will be conclusively deemed acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy and any changes thereto.X. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA FROM CHILDREN Resorts does not knowingly or intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from, or market to individuals under the age of 21. If you know of a child who has provided us with personally identifiable information, please contact us immediately so that we may identify the information that needs to be removed from our database. No information collected through the Sites from users self-identified as children will knowingly be used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Resorts.XI. COMPLAINTS AND CONTACTING RESORTS ABOUT THE SITES If you believe that Resorts has not adhered to this policy, please send the details to:Address: 1133 Boardwalk Atlantic City, NJ 08401Resorts will investigate all such incidents and provide you with a written response via e-mail once the investigation is complete. You may also use this contact information to direct questions or comments about this Privacy Policy. You are here: Home » Privacy Policy NEED ASSISTANCE? Click here or call 1-609-340-6300
BOOK A ROOM STAR CARD SIGNUP DIRECTIONS & PARKING MEETINGS & WEDDINGSfacebooktwitteryoutubeinstagram
Resorts Casino Hotel is your Atlantic City Hotel on the Beach and Boardwalk.Travel To ResortsEssential Visitor InformationMapAbout UsDirections & ParkingBus TripsView Live Beach CamCasinoCasino PromotionsCasino GamesSlotsTablesAsian GamingCasino CreditStar CardDraftKings SportsBookSign Up For Email OffersPlayer Access LoginOnline GamingResortsCasino.comMoheganSunCasino.comPoker StarsOther PropertiesMohegan Sun ConnecticutMohegan Sun PoconoMohegan Gaming & EntertainmentMohegan Sun Casino at Virgin Hotels Las VegasGET THE RESORTS APP
Check your comp dollars & cashback. View your personalized offers. Receive exclusive mobile offers. AND MORE!
Contact UsLive Beach CamEmploymentPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsResponsible GamingHistoryLGBTFAQNewsNeed Assistance? Contact Us or call 1-609-340-6300 |
Web Accessibility Statement
GAMBLING PROBLEM? CALL 1.800.GAMBLER - COPYRIGHT 2019 © RESORTS CASINO HOTELRESORTS CASINO HOTEL - 1133 BOARDWALK, ATLANTIC CITY, NJ 08401 - 1-609-340-6300
KEEPING YOU SAFE LEARN MORE +