https://shop.chaos.club/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
EUR €GBP £USD $
CHAOS CLUB
search_icn
Search
0
Privacy Policy
CHAOS Privacy promise
At Chaos, we are fully committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers, Chaos club members and site visitors. Chaos is a registered member of the ICO and we follow the guidelines in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
For the purpose of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, the data controller is Chaos, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 10400769 whose registered address is Charles House, 5-11 Regent Street, London, SW1Y 4LR.
Personal data means any information relating to you that can identify you directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, email address, location data, or an online identifier.
Navigating this page:
1. What data do we collect?2. How do we collect your data?3. How will we use your data?4. Howe do we store your data?5. Marketing6. What are your data protection rights?7. Cookies8. How to contact us9. How to contact the appropriate authorities10. Gifting and Referrals
1. What data do we collect?Chaos collects the following data:
Customer name
Customer billing address
Customer delivery address
Customer email address
Payment card details (encrypted, not stored and for payment processing only)
Phone number
2. How do we collect your data?You directly provide Chaos with most of the data we collect. Chaos, as the data processor, collects data and processes data when you:
Place an order for any of our products.
Voluntarily opt into the Chaos Mailing list.
Join the Chaos Club.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
3. How will we use your data?Chaos collects your data so that we can:
Process and fulfil your product order (to meet our obligations arising from any contract entered into between you and us to provide you with products and services that you request from us).
Communicate with you in relation to your order / product.
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud.
Manage your Chaos Club account.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
As part of our legal obligation to you Chaos will share your data with our contracted suppliers in order to process and fulfil your order. Acting as data processors, all contracted suppliers, third parties or contractors appointed by Chaos have completed the Chaos Processor Services Agreement.
Chaos share your personal data with third parties to help us use your personal information as descried above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store - you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal data here:  https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.  We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site - you can read more about how Google uses your Personal data here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Our Marketing communication is powered by Klaviyo – you can read more about how Klaviyo uses your personal data here: https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy
Any personal data that is disclosed directly to third party processors are subject to processor’s privacy policy.
4. How do we store your data?Any personal data stored outside of our third parties infrastructures (such as Shopify) is accessed only through authorised suppliers, employees and contractors. Any personal data held within the Chaos IT infrastructure is only accessible via the firewall protected server.
Chaos will only retain your information for as long as is necessary to fulfil our purposes, including the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. The criteria that Chaos uses to determine retention periods is determined by the nature of the data and the purpose for which is it kept, the sensitivity of the data and the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure.
Chaos ships physical product around the world. We therefore use suppliers that are based outside the EU and the data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Union.
5. MarketingChaos would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like. You can do this by joining the Chaos Club, signing up to Chaos News or opting into Chaos News at point of order checkout. In addition to your name and email address we collect your date of birth and country in order to tailor our communications to you. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Chaos from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other third parties used by Chaos.
6. What are your data protection rights?Choas would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every customer, Chaos Club member or Mailing list member is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Chaos for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Chaos correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Chaos to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Chaos erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Chaos restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Chaos’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Chaos transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, Chaos will respond to you within one month. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
7. CookiesLike many websites, we also use "cookie" technology. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. We use cookies to understand better how you interact with the site and our service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the site, and to improve the site and our services.
By visiting chaos.club with your computer set to accept cookies, you are consenting to the way we use our cookies, both on our Website and via other ways we get in touch with you.
8. Changes to our privacy policyChaos keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 15th August 2019.
9. How to contact usIf you have any questions about Chaos’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: info@chaosfashion.com Call us: +44 (0)2078 219 077 Or write to us at:  Chaos, 54 Warwick Square, London, LND, SW1V 3AJ, United Kingdom
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Telephone” 0303 123 11113 Website: https://ico.org.uk/concernes/ Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF
10. Gifting and Referrals
If as a customer of Chaos you are to provide us with someone else's data, for example if you are purchasing a gift card or referring a friend to us - we will collect and process the personal data required to complete the transaction such as name, email address, delivery address and other contact details for your friend.  If you are the recipient of such referral or gift, we will process your data solely to perform the fulfilment of the gift request or referral.
Your shopping bag
You are
away from free shipping
Please check your initials & colour selection on personalised items.
Total:
$0.00
Checkout
You have no items in your shopping bag
Most Popular
‘Do Not Disturb’ Collection
Wet Paint on Leather!
Sherbet Pastels!
Fluro Zip
Jewellery Charm Hand Hug
Alphabet Balloon Charm
Personalise
iPhone Cases
Chaotic Customisation Studio
Airpods
Embroidered
Charger Stickers
Cardholder Stickers
Laptop Accessories
Cardholders
Clutch Bags
Travel Accessories
View All Personalised
iPhone Case by Style
Hand Hug Cases
Chaotic Customisation Studio
Personalised iPhone Cases
Cardholder iPhone Cases
Collaboration iPhone Cases
iPhone Cases by Size
iPhone 7/8, 7+/8+
iPhone XR
iPhone X/XS
iPhone XS MAX
iPhone SE
iPhone 11
iPhone 11 Pro/11 Pro Max
View All iPhone Cases
Clothing
Tech & Travel
Airpod Accessories
Laptop Accessories
Charger Accessories
iPhone Accessories
Passport Covers
Luggage Tags
Bag Charms
View All Tech & Travel
Accessories
Hardware Accessories
Lanyards and Wrist Straps
Cardholders
View All Accessories
Magazines & Merch
Apparel
Poster Book Issue 1
Poster Book Issue 2
Poster Book Issue 3: Disney Edition
View All Magazines and Merch
Customer Services
Contact Us
Product Information
Shipping
About Us
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Handbags
Handbags
Clutch bags
Your shopping bag
You are
away from free shipping
Please check your initials & colour selection on personalised items.
Total:
$0.00
Check Out
You have no items in your shopping bag
Search
MOST POPULAR
iPhone 12 pre order
Phone Straps & Lanyards
Chaotic iPhone Case
Balloon charms
Chaos x Disney
Chaos x Uniqlo
Chanel x Chaos 69 Magazine
PERSONALISATION MENU
All Personalised iPhone Cases
Chaotic iphone Cases
AirPods
Chargers
Laptops
Cardholders
Bags
Travel
Alphabet Stickers & Tags
View All Personalised
COLLABORATIONS
Chaos x Disney
Chaos x Fendi
Chaos x Uniqlo
Chaos x Chanel
Chaos x Hello!
HANDBAGS
Handbags
CLUTCH BAGS
IPHONE CASE BY STYLE
Personalised iPhone Cases
Slogan iPhone cases
Strap & Charm iPhone Cases
Cardholder iPhone Cases
IPHONE CASE BY SIZE
iPhone 12, 12 Pro, 12 Pro Max & 12 Mini
iPhone 11, 11 Pro & 11 Pro Max
iPhone XR, XS & XsMAX
iPhone
7, 7plus, 8 & 8plus
PHONE STRAPS & LANYARDS
PHONE ACCESSORIES
Jewelry, Charms & Novelties
Cardholders
View All Accessories
TECH ACCESSORIES
AirPod Accessories
Laptop Accessories
Charger Accessories
TRAVEL ACCESSORIES
Passport Covers
Luggage Tags
CLOTHING
MAGAZINE POSTER BOOK
Poster Book Issue 5: The Chanel Issue
Poster Book Issue 4: The 2020 Calendar
Poster Book Issue 3: The Disney Issue
Poster Book Issue 2
Poster Book Issue 1
View All
CUSTOMER SERVICES
Product Information
Shipping
About Us
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Currency
Sign In