https://shop.princeaugust.ie/terms-and-conditions/
×
Search
Home
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
Ordering
Product Information
Prices
Availability
Delivery
Lost parcels
Waste disposal
Tax-free shopping
Secure Payments
Right of Retraction - Satisfied or reimbursed
Returns
Guarantees and After Sales Service
Litigation and responsibility
An Grupa Edman Teo service
Commentary, criticism, communication
Protection of personal data
Intellectual ownership
Trade Customers
Title of Goods
1. Introduction
The general terms and conditions of sale detailed below only govern the contractual relationship between the User (hereafter referred to as You) and the trader An Grupa Edman Teo (hereafter referred to as We) belonging to the company An Grupa Edman Teo. whose headquarters is situated at Kilnamartyra, Macroom, Ireland and registered on the register of companies and commerce in Dublin under the number 238492 VAT number IE 8238492v Both parties accept these conditions unreservedly. These general conditions of sale are the only conditions that are applicable and replace all other conditions, except in the case of express, written prior dispensation. We maintain that, by confirming your order, you unreservedly accept our general conditions of sale, having read them. These Terms and Conditions of Sale are important to you and An Grupa Edman Teo as they have been designed to protect your rights as a valued customer and to protect our rights as a business and to create an understanding between us.
We recommend that you read and accept the general terms before purchasing.
2. Ordering
There are 4 methods in place to put through an order:- by Internet on our site: shop.princeaugust.ie, mithril.ie, edmancollection.com 24 hours a day and 7 days a week.- by telephone at +353 026-40222 (calls charged at national rate) Monday to Friday 9am - 5pm.
-by
-by mail
-by visit to our showroom in Kilnamartyra, near Macroom in Co. Cork.
3. Product information
An Grupa Edman Teo takes great care when putting information on-line with respect to the essential characteristics of our products, notably with respect to the technical descriptions emanating from our partners and suppliers and the photographs illustrating the products; this however, within the technical limits that exist and with respect for the best standards on the market. All our product come with English instruction and sometimes multi-lingual.
4. Prices
The prices indicated on the Site are in Euros or its foreign equivalent.The possible delivery costs are indicated for the User as products are chosen and are invoiced at the end of the order in addition to the price of the products. We reserve the right to modify our prices at any time but will apply the current rates as indicated to you on the site at the time the order was placed.
We would like to inform you that if an obviously incorrect price appears on our website (a price that is clearly too low, for example), and for whatever reason (IT bug, human error, technical error etc.), your order will be cancelled, even if it has been initially validated.
5. Availability
Please note that we will honour your order while stock is available. If a product becomes unavailable after your order has been confirmed, we will refund the price you paid for the product within 10 days following the date of payment.If there are certain products that are temporarily unavailable, we will send the available products and will refund the shipping fees for the rest of the order.If available, we will offer you a replacement for an unavailable product, a product of equal price and quality.If you choose to refuse this offer, we will reimburse the unavailable product.
6. Delivery methods
Your goods will be delivered to the address you indicated when you placed your order.
If your product is shown to be "in stock" on our website when you place your order, the number of days between the order date and the date that the carrier first attempts to deliver to the given address can be calculated as follows:1. Dispatch time (24-48 hours) = payment validation + order preparation + parcel collection by carrier2. Delivery time of your parcel(s) according to the carrier you have chosen. Carrier delivery times start from the moment you receive an e-mail confirming order dispatch.Dispatch and delivery times are given in working days.
An Grupa Edman Teo offers several methods of delivery.
7. Lost parcels
An Grupa Edman Teo does everything in its power to respect the delivery times indicated on the website. We cannot, however, be held responsible for the consequences of a late delivery or the loss of a package caused by a third-party contracted to make delivery, or by you, or because of some unforeseen event or an Act of God. In the event where you do not receive your package in the indicated time frame, an investigation will be conducted with the carrier.
We use following carriers:
www.anpost.ie
www.dpd.ie
www.tnt.com
If you have paid for tracked delivery, just key in the tracking number given to you by email on the above websites.  Tracking will be available appr. 12hours after shipping.
The most common shipping problems are:
Postman called and there was nobody at home.  Check with the local post office if it is stored there. The postman is supposed to give you a notice but quite often forgets to do that.
Postman delivered next door.  Check next door.
Postman delivers to the wrong address and the packet has to be brought back to the local post office and go out again. This can take a few days.
Tracking number not coming up on a search.  Sometimes the post office scanner misses the tracking info and normally the packet will be delivered within estimated time. Do not panic. Also sometimes our dispatchers enters in the wrong number and you cannot get a tracking.  It is rare but it does happen.
Tracking ends in London.  The post office tracking system has problems in transferring from one system to the other.  Normally parcel will arrive on estimated time.
As a rule of thumb we do not consider a package lost for European destinations until after 30days and worldwide 60 days.  It is our experience that 99.9% of parcels will turn up within this time period. No reimbursement or re-delivery will take place during this period.
Upon reception of your order, we recommend that you verify your products against the order that you placed with us and if necessary, write any anomalies that may have occurred on the delivery voucher, not forgetting to sign it. Without prejudice with respect to the applicable legal guarantees, we recommend that you address any reservations you may have pertaining to malfunctioning products on the date of delivery as quickly as possible by Post to the following address: An Grupa Edman Teo, Customer Service Department, 1 Kilnamartyra, Macroom, Co.Cork, P12 FN79, Ireland or by email to. Returned products can only be accepted for products in their original state, notably with respect to their packaging, accessories and manuals. In the event of non-conformity of the product purchased, the User will have the choice between repair and replacement of the product, except if the desired option has an associated cost that is manifestly disproportionate to the alternative. We would like to inform you that a delay of 48hours is possible for delivery of your order. In fact, for security reasons, all orders paid by bank card are verified by AN GRUPA EDMAN TEO. Complementary information may be requested, or demanded, in order to validate your purchase. By consequence, and in trying to avoid any delay, when you place your order, please enter the following:
-a professional email address -a land line telephone number (work or home) where you can be reached at any time of the day
Furthermore, for any order above the amount established by AN GRUPA EDMAN TEO, a piece of identification as well as proof of address will be requested and should be sent via fax, Post, or email. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause, however these measures are taken to protect our clients from possible fraud associated with bank cards.
8. Waste Disposal
It is important to follow local rules re. disposal of lead containing alloys. Please contact you local authority. You can also return any alloy to us for safe recycling.
9. Tax-free shopping
If you live outside the EU you can buy our product without Value Added Tax. This is normally done automatically in the shopping cart or once you have signed in with your account details. We are not responsible for Customs Import Duty. Check with your local Custom Information Office to find out what your local rules are, before ordering.
10. Secure payment
When you see the payment sign , you will know that your payment is secure.Please note that if our security department suspects fraud, we have the right to cancel the transaction for security reasons.
An Grupa Edman Teo offers 5 methods of payment depending on the product purchased: Credit card (Debit card, Visa, Visa Electron, American Express, Maestro or MasterCard), gift certificates, bank transfer and PayPal.
When you pay by credit card, your account will be debited when your order is dispatched, on the condition that we have received pre-authorisation for your payment. If sufficient funds are not available, your order will not be taken into account. For payments made on-line by credit card, the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is used, which allows your banking information to be encrypted when on the network. Bank transfer payment orders will be processed when your transfer is received. Once your payment is received we will dispatch your goods. The processing of off-line payments may take several days.
11. Right of Retraction - Satisfied or Reimbursed
An Grupa Edman Teo allows you 7 working days to return a product that you are not satisfied with. You can return the product within this time frame, at your own expense, with your invoice and a completed and signed returns coupon.
We request that you send us the merchandise by post. Shipping fees remain the customer's responsibility. The present right of return only applies to products that are returned in their original, complete packaging (accessories, user guide etc.), and in working condition. Any product that has been damaged, is not in its original packaging, has packaging that has been worn beyond simply opening the product will not be refunded.
You can fill in your returns coupon on our website.- If the product is returned within 7 days of its delivery (the post mark being proof thereof), the User will be reimbursed via the same payment method as was used initially. Gift certificates are refunded as credit on the users account.
If tests need to be conducted on the product, in the framework of the right of retraction, An Grupa Edman Teo will do its best to reimburse the User as quickly as possible. This time period will depend on the nature of the technical tests performed by the After-Sales Service for a maximum period of 21 working days.
12. Returns
For any returned package, please go to our website and follow the return policy instructions. Please note that shipping fees are the client's responsibility except if the product does not conform to the description of said product (the client is responsible for any damage done during the shipment of returned goods). For the period covered under warranty, the client must return the product to AN GRUPA EDMAN TEO.
13. Guarantees and After Sales Service
All of the products we sell benefit from:- The legal guarantee of conformity;- The legal guarantee from hidden flaws;- The manufacturer’s guarantee for a period defined by the product purchased. Shipping fees of the products are the customer’s responsibility.However, if the product does not conform to the product description, shipping fees will be reimbursed to the customer. For any returned package, please go to website and follow the return policy instructions. An Grupa Edman Teo will handle possible repairs with the manufacturers.Whatever the problem is with your product, you must attach with the defective product, a copy of your invoice, the warranty (in the box) and the return goods voucher.Please note, legal guarantees do not apply to repairs for damage caused by external origin (for example, accidents, shocks, fluctuation of electricity etc.) or by the user's faulty usage of the product such as a non-conforming installation or using it for commercial purposes or using said product with incorrect peripherals, accessories or consumables.The manufacturer’s warranties sold by AN GRUPA EDMAN TEO do not cover: -replacement of consumables (batteries, light bulbs, fuses, recording heads or lasers etc.)-the abnormal use or non-conforming usage of products like other alloys than Prince August.
-damage from external sources (shocks, accidents, electricity current fluctuations etc)14. Litigation and responsibility
This contract shall come under Irish law. An Grupa Edman Teo will not be held responsible should our contract with you fail, for example, because of an Act of God, such as defined by Irish courts, or because of the User's fault, or because of some unforeseen or insurmountable problem with a third party. An Grupa Edman Teo will not be held liable for the poor use and their consequences on the products purchased from our Site.
15. An Grupa Edman Teo Service
If you need any advice re. casting and painting our products please write an email to
.
16. Commentary, criticism, communication
Any opinions left by An Grupa Edman Teo Users are screened and moderated by the marketing team.If the comments infringe on the law or are inappropriate (abusive publicity, defamation, insults, out of context commentary…), An Grupa Edman Teo reserves the right to refuse or modify it.
17. Protection of personal data
Since the details you give us are essential for the processing and delivery of orders, for billing and for the establishment of warranty contracts, failure to provide these details will result in the cancellation of your order. By registering on the Site, you agree to provide us with sincere and true information as it concerns you.Communicating false information is contrary to the present General Conditions as well as the conditions of use listed on the Site.In accordance with the "Data processing and Freedoms" law, the processing of your details was the subject of a declaration made before the CNIL (French data protection watchdog).An Grupa Edman Teo is authorised to extract, handle and use information that concerns you.This information is the subject of computer processing.You have the permanent right to access and rectify all the information that concerns you, in accordance with European texts and national laws in place (article 34 of the law of January 6th 1978). You can at any time make a request to An Grupa Edman Teo to find out what personal information they contain concerning you. You may at any time, and by request, modify this information. If you accepted to receive our promotional emails when you registered on the Site, offers including new items, clearance, exclusivities, good deals etc. will be sent to you. You may at any time request not to receive any further emails from us by clicking on the link created for this purpose and inserted at the bottom of each page of our or our partners’ emails.Only An Grupa Edman Teo has information regarding you.If you accepted during registration on the Site, An Grupa Edman Teo and its contractual partners may send you information in the form of specific and occasional promotional operations. An Grupa Edman Teo's partners have been specially chosen by An Grupa Edman Teo and are recognised for the quality of their products and services. More information is available on our Privacy Policy.
18. Intellectual ownership
All the content on the An Grupa Edman Teo site (illustrations, texts, names, brand names, images and videos) is the property of An Grupa Edman Teo, its co-contractors or partners. Any partial or total reproduction of this content, by any means and on any support, is subject to prior and express authorisation by An Grupa Edman Teo.All information, content, files and software offered by our services is protected by International law concerning intellectual ownership and copyright. An Grupa Edman Teo cannot give you the right to copy, display or distribute content that you do not have the intellectual rights to. All fraudulent use of this content that violates the rights held by a third party constitutes an offence of forgery, which is severely punished under the Intellectual Property Code.An Grupa Edman Teo will not, under any circumstances, be held responsible if a user violates rights held by a third party through his activities on the site.
19. Trade Customers.
Trade customers can open trade accounts with trade discount. Email us at
with your vat number , trade license or company registration. We will then send you a login name and password and the trade prices will appear automatically on our website.
20. Title of goods.
The title of the goods remains with An Grupa Edman Teo until fully paid for.
×
×
OK
Categories
New Releases
All New Releases
Barleycorn Chess Moulds
Christmas Decorations
Great Powers of the 1900's Moulds
Seven Years War Moulds
Family Craft Kits
Fairies Moulds
Waterloo Leaders
Family Craft
Hobby Casting
All Hobby Casting
Sales and Promotions
Promotion of the Month
More Moulds
All More Moulds
Chess Set Moulds
Knights Moulds
Prussian Moulds 1752
Roman Wars Moulds
Toy Soldiers Moulds
Vikings | Saxons Moulds
Great Northern Wars (1700-1721)
All Great Northern Wars (1700-1721)
Irish Wild Geese Moulds
Karoliner Moulds
French Regiments 1750
Great Powers of the 1900's 54mm Moulds
Holger Eriksson HE Moulds
All Holger Eriksson HE Moulds
Cowboys and Indians HE
Holger Eriksson Animals HE moulds
Holger Eriksson Military HE Moulds
Holger Eriksson Modern Soldiers 1958 HE moulds
Holger Eriksson Sports HE Moulds
Fantasy Gaming
All Fantasy Gaming
25mm Fantasy Moulds
25mm Fantasy Classics
32mm Fantasy moulds
Napoleonic Moulds
All Napoleonic Moulds
54mm Napoleonic kits
25mm Battle of Austerlitz
25mm Napoleonic Moulds
Seasonal Decor Moulds
All Seasonal Decor Moulds
Christmas Decor Moulds
Nativity Moulds
Easter Decor Moulds
Halloween Decor Moulds
Seven Years War Moulds
All Seven Years War Moulds
Artillery moulds
Austrian Moulds
Battle of Rossbach 1757
French moulds
Prussian moulds
Russian Moulds
Accessories
All Accessories
Hobby Starter Kits
Paints and Brushes
All Paints and Brushes
Aerosol
Model Acrylic Paints
Flourescent Paints
Paint Primers
Metallic Acrylics
Paint packs
Mediums | Glazes | Masks | Varnish
Transparent Acrylic Washes
Model Paint Brushes
Casting Metals
Catalogues
Molybdomancy Divination Kit
Solder Melting Pot
Tools and Accessories
Warzone
All Warzone
Bauhaus Mega Corp
Brotherhood Church
Capitol Mega Corp
Cybertronic Mega Corp
Dark Legion Armies
Imperial Mega Corp
Tribes of Earth Armies
All Tribes of Earth Armies
The Crescentians Tribe
The Lutherans Tribe
Sons of Rasputin Tribe
The Templars Tribe
Mishima Mega Corp
Warzone Accessories
Irish Gifts
All Irish Gifts
Battle Of The Boyne
Pewter Chess Sets
All Pewter Chess Sets
Hand Painted Chess Sets
Antique Finished Chess Sets
Chess Boards
Flat Seasonal Decorations
Irish Heroes Miniatures
All Irish Heroes Miniatures
Hand painted Irish Heroes
Antique Finish Irish Heroes
Irish Leprechauns
Irish Wild Geese Miniatures
All Irish Wild Geese Miniatures
1st Irish Brigade
Legion Irelandaise
Legendary Celts
All Legendary Celts
Antique Finish Miniatures
Hand Painted Miniatures
Nativity Figures
Little Treasures
Shop by Brands
Prince August
Warzone
Vallejo
The Edman Collection
HMG Paints
Peco
Lightcraft
View all brands
Home
Categories
Account
Contact
info@princeaugust.ie
Irish Tel: +353-26-40222
Contact Us (via form)
More
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create Account
Gift Certificates
EUR
Australian Dollars
Canadian Dollars
Euro
UK Sterling
US Dollars