http://silenthillheaven.com/main/privacy
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Home
Forum
About
FAQs
Links
Contact
Credits
0rigins
Silent Hill
SH: Play Novel
Silent Hill 2
Silent Hill 3
SH4: The Room
Homecoming
Shattered Memories
Book of Memories
Downpour
Misc.
Silent Hills
SH: Arcade
The Small Print ...
Legal Notices
Silent Hill Heaven provides you access to this website containing information and publications on the terms and conditions outlined below. By using this site, you are agreeing to these terms and conditions.
Copyright
Copyright © 2001-2015 Silent Hill Heaven. All rights reserved.
Except as expressly prohibited on this website, you are permitted to view and print documents within this website (data, text, files, etc.) subject to your agreement that:
Your use of the information is for informational, personal, and noncommercial purposes only, meaning you don’t have the permission to use any of the information within the site, without the permission of the owner.
Your use of the information is not used in ways where the name of Silent Hill Heaven is libeled or slandered in any way, shape, or form.
You do not utilize this information in money-making offers, scams, unsolicited emails, and any other unlawful activity not stated in this notice.
You only use it for your own personal purposes. Silent Hill Heaven is not responsible for any information on this website used in an unlawful way.
If any of these items are violated, Silent Hill Heaven will take legal action.
Konami Computer Entertainment and the Silent Hill games/movies/comics are registered trademarks of Konami. PlayStation is a registered trademarks of Sony. Xbox360 is a registered trademark of Microsoft.
Silent Hill Heaven is an 100% unofficial fan website and is in no way affiliated with Konami. You may not use any content of this site.
Silent Hill Heaven is not responsible for content of external webpages e.g. news items, affiliate sites, links. HTML, graphics and text are property of Vixx and may not be used on any other sites. If you do find stuff from Silent Hill Heaven displayed on other websites, please let us know: silenthillheaven [ @ ] gmail.com
At Silent Hill Heaven, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Silent Hill Heaven and how it is used.
Logs and Cookies
Like most standard website servers, Silent Hill Heaven use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track users’ movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Silent Hill Heaven uses cookies to enable visitors to have an easy, enjoyable browsing experience. We do not harvest email addresses or private information nor sell onto any third parties.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Extras Silent Hill Forum
Our Fanlisting
YouTube Channel
Facebook Page
Fanfic
Fanart
Wallpapers
Collectibles
Interactive Map
Media Silent Hill Movie
Silent Hill Revelations
Art of SH DVD
Lost Memories DVD
Silent Hill Experience
Silent Hill The Escape
Lost Memories Book
Graphic Novels
Links True (Akira Yamaoka)
silenthillforum.com
shshatteredmemories.com
crimson-ceremony.net
silenthaven.net
silenthillfanhyve.hyves.nl
silenthillmemories.net
silenthillmx.webs.com
All Links
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled
Age Verification Required
In accordance with ESRB/ARC and Konami guidelines, you must be at least 17 years old to access this site. Please provide your date of birth:
-
-
Remember me