http://sillysoft.net/terms.php
The Legal Stuff
Lawyers made us do this
Lux Delux
Maps - Ranks
Lux Alliance
Maps -
Ranks
Turtoa: Global Rhythm
iOS -
Android -
Trailer -
Ranks
Mission Me
iOS -
Android
Sillysoft
News - Forums - FAQ
Lawyers made us do it!
Thanks for reading our website and playing our games! We love you.
1. Terms of Use
By accessing this web site or downloading our software, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. The materials contained in this web site, and in our software downloads, are protected by all applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to access our website and download our software products for non-commercial purposes of entertainment or academic research only.
This is the grant of a license, and under this license you may not:
- modify or copy the materials;
- use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
- attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Sillysoft's web site;
- remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
- transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Sillysoft at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Sillysoft's web site are provided "as is". Sillysoft makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Sillysoft does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Sillysoft or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Sillysoft's Internet site, regardless of notice.
5. Revisions and Updates
Sillysoft may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Sillysoft does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials. Sillysoft does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current.
6. Links
Sillysoft has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Sillysoft of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Sillysoft may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Sillysoft's web site or softwares shall be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia of Canada without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
If you purchase any of our games, we collect some personal information to verify your purchase.
We store this information in order to be able to re-send your software registration keys if you ever lose them.
We never store credit card information.
If you play online multi-player games, then we collect and store some information about your nickname(s) and internet address, in order to facilitate the online rankings.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss, theft, unauthorized access, or disclosure.
We are committed to ensuring that the confidentiality of all personal information is protected and maintained.
Copyright 2020 Sillysoft Games LTD. Email us if you have any questions.
Turtoa: Global Rhythm Music Game brings world music to your fingertips.
Lux Delux advanced Risk game with over 1000 game maps, challenging AI, and online multi-player.
Lux Alliance diplomacy game is a simultaneous-turns team strategy boardgame. Diplomacy meets Axis & Allies game.
Lux Touch iOS risk game, and Lux DLX let you conquer the world on your iPhone, iPod, and iPad.
Lux DLX android risk game
Sitemap — Download Games — Mac OS X games — Maps — Blog —
Terms of Use — FAQ
Because taking over the world is fun.
- Lux