http://solutionarchive.com/privacy/
Username:
Password:
Register •
Forgotten Password
Games...
Browse by publisher
Browse by system
Browse by platform
Browse by year
Browse by genre
Browse by language
Advanced search
Reviews
Articles
Site...
About
Contact
Submit contents
Links
Emulators
Site FAQ
Privacy policy
Users
Forum
Privacy policy
Latest update: August 2018.
The text below outlines the privacy policy for users of "CASA" (the site residing at: http://www.solutionarchive.com).
By continuing to use CASA, you are accepting this privacy policy.
In brief
CASA is 100% ad free and non-profit. We do not share your email address with third parties. We reserve the right to send you emails, usually clarification regarding material you have submitted to us, or site announcements which we deem necessary to keep the site running.
What information we store about you
When you register at CASA, you are at a minimum required to enter a uniquely identifiable user name and email address. Your email address is stored in a safe location and is only available to CASA administrators. Your password is stored in a safe location and is not available to anyone but yourself. We do not share your email address with third parties.
The site is comprised of two main sections - a forum and the main site. Both share the same user name and login. The forum logs user activity in the forum, such as logging in and when updating user email and password, as well as the IP address of logged in users. This information is only available to CASA administrators. The main site does not log user activity.
Your user name identifies you if posting in the forum as well as giving due credit to you regarding material you have submitted to CASA. This information is publicly available.
CASA allows you to add various details to your site profile, including real name, location and date of birth. These details are publicly available and adding them to your profile is entirely voluntary and done at your discretion.
CASA reserves the right to send you emails pertaining to the administration of the site, this includes email address confirmation emails and direct communications from administrators. We may contact you regarding material you have submitted to the site.
CASA contains links to third party websites which offer information in addition to that which can be found at CASA. Such third party sites will have their own privacy policies, and use of such sites is done at your discretion.
How to delete your user account
Send us a message at
solutionarchive AT gmail DOT com
and your account will be deleted. Please be aware that information and material that you have submitted to the site will be retained unless another agreement is reached between you and a CASA administrator.
Best regards,
Jacob Gunness
CASA site owner
(C) CASA 1999 - 2020