https://sportslynx.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Search this website
TopHome
Blog/News
FacebookTwitter Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy Policy
LoginRegisterHome / Privacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us.
We don’t ask for your personal information unless we truly need it.
It is SportsLynx LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.sportslynx.com.
LOG DATA
We log general information about your browser whenever you visit our website. This information may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit on our site, the time and date of your visit, and the time spent on each page.
Like most website operators, we collect this data to better understand how our visitors use our services, and how we may improve your experience of our website in future. We do not share data specifics publicly, but may disclose aggregated and anonymised versions of this information, eg. in website usage trend reports.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may ask you for personal information, such as your name, email, address, contact details and payment details. We collect only the personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and use your information only to ensure the fulfilment of this service. You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without this information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with a service.
COOKIES
We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit so we can understand how you use our site and serve you content based on preferences you have specified.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired service without them. This policy covers only the use of cookies between your computer and our website; it does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites – for example, analytics providers and content partners. These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf, and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
SECURITY
We take security seriously, and do what we can within commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot assume responsibility for their treatment of your personal information. This privacy policy only covers our website and privacy practices.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or store personal information from children (visitors under the age of 13). If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, we encourage you to contact us immediately, and we will do our best to delete the data as quickly as possible.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy from time to time. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include user information among our assets transferred to or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may continue to use your personal information according to this policy.
COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies to help us improve your experience of our website, https://www.sportslynx.com. This cookie policy is part of our privacy policy, and covers the use of cookies between your device and our site. We also provide basic information on third-party services we may use on our website, who may also use cookies as part of their service, though they are not covered by our policy.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired content and services.
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy at any time. Any changes will be reflected here, so we encourage you to visit this page regularly. We will also notify our registered users of updates to our policy. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our cookie practices as described.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit, typically containing information about the website itself, a unique identification number that allows the website to recognise your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself.
Cookies are used to enable certain features (eg. logging in), to track site usage (eg. analytics), to store your user settings (eg. timezone, notification preferences), and to personalise your content (eg. advertising, language).
Cookies set by the website you are visiting are normally referred to as “first-party cookies”, and typically only track your activity on that particular site. Cookies set by other sites and companies (ie. third parties) are called “third-party cookies”, and can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.
TYPES OF COOKIES AND HOW WE USE THEM
ESSENTIAL COOKIES
Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
Performance cookies are used in the tracking of how you use a website during your visit, without collecting personal information about you. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated with information tracked across all site users, to help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience’s overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use performance cookies on our site.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
Functionality cookies are used in collecting information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and timezone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customised, enhanced or optimised content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party service. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site.
TARGETING/ADVERTISING COOKIES
Targeting/advertising cookies are used in determining what promotional content is more relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We use targeting/advertising cookies on our site.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES ON OUR SITE
We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites — for example, analytics providers and content partners. We grant these third parties access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They may also set third-party cookies in order to deliver the services they are providing. Third-party cookies can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. As we have no control over third-party cookies, they are not covered by SportsLynx LLC’s cookie policy.
OUR THIRD-PARTY PRIVACY PROMISE
We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours. We will never knowingly include third-party services that compromise or violate the privacy of our users.
HOW YOU CAN CONTROL OR OPT OUT OF COOKIES
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie. If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device.
Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.
Stay Current with News, Events & Players
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
FooterMy account
Sitemap
Accessibility Help
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
My ListingsTranslateTranslate Site
Translate