http://sudoku.com.au/privacypolicy.aspx
Sudoku Online
MENU
Archive
Books
Printable
Blank Grids
Members
Forum
Your Puzzles
Tips
Contact Us
Sign In
Join
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is intended to advise you about Sudoku.com.au's protection and use of your personal information.
We recommend that you read this policy carefully.
Information Collection
In general, you can view our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
We may track IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad information for aggregate use.
Information and Use
Sudoku.com.au will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Our primary use of the information you provide us is for providing you with service(s) requested on our form(s).
Sharing of Information
We may occasionally partner with another party to provide specific services for us. We will only provide information necessary
for the third party to provide these services for us. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. We also ask these partners to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
We may occasionally share our customer mailing list with select companies that provide goods or services we think might interest you.
The information we provide may include your name and contact information. If you prefer that we not share this information, please send
us an email at info@Sudoku.com.au, requesting to be removed from the list.
Email Communications
We may occasionally send email communications regarding our site, partner offers, special offers or services, products or newsletters.
You may choose to stop receiving these emails at any time. Information on how to opt out of receiving email is provided with every email,
or you may send us an email to info@Sudoku.com.au. Please be sure to include your full name and email address.
Links
Sudoku.com.au may occasionally contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Sudoku.com.au is not responsible for the privacy practices
of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every web site that collects
personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using Sudoku.com.au, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website.
Your continued use of the Sudoku.com.au website following the posting of changes to these terms will be interpreted as your acceptance of those changes.
Back to Top
We love links!You can add a link to this site with the code below.<a href= 'http://www.sudoku.com.au' >Sudoku Puzzles</a> : New puzzles daily, Play online for free!
Members Get Goodies!
Become a member and get heaps of stuff, including: NO ADs, online solving tools, save your times, smilies and more! (Free and Paid options)
Find Out More
Welcome our latest Members
Candace. from Californiasandra kadera from sandy@verbo.orgLinda B from NJ
Members' Birthdays Today
Amelia from Medowie, Arachnid from Yanchep, Jay from Pontefract
Friends currently online
Want to see when your friends are online? Become a member for free.
Sites we Like
I Know The Pilot Travel Deals
I Want That Flight finds you cheap flights
Free Crossword Puzzles Play online or print them out. 2 new crosswords daily.
Jigsaw Puzzles Play online jigsaw puzzles for free, with new pictures everyday
Sliding Puzzle Play online with your own photos
Flickr Sudoku Play sudoku with pictures from Flickr
Kakuro Play Kakuro online!
Wordoku Free Wordoku puzzles everyday.
House Care Guide Home renovation Tips
Pumpkin Carving Pattern Free halloween pumpkin carving patterns.