https://supportmainstreetil.org/privacy-policy/
815-416-0741
info@SupportMainStreetIL.org
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us, and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. A recent law change requires us to disclose our Privacy Policy to you – which we are more than happy to do. We hope that by taking a few minutes to read it, you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure.
A. Types of Information We Collect
We collect certain personal information about you – but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to better design and develop a customized website at your request.
Examples of sources from which we collect information include:
interviews and phone calls with you,
letters or e-mails from you,
newsletter opt-in page,
contact us page
B. Parties to Whom We Disclose Information
As a general rule, we do not disclose personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:
To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.
In the course of a review of our company’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board, or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board of organization.
In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our practice, provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.
As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.
To provide information to affiliates of the company and nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed.
C.  Confidentiality and Security of Nonpublic Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our company and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our company, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate.  We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction.
Thank you for allowing us to serve all of your online presence needs. We value your business and are committed to protecting you privacy. We hope you view our Company as your most trusted advisor and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.
Your Support is Needed Now More than Ever!
Grow and Protect Your Video Gaming Revenues!
Generate More Money for Everyone!
By joining the Support Main Street Illinois Coalition, you will be supporting local and statewide efforts toward reshaping how policymakers, media and consumers view the contributions that gaming makes to both the state and your local economy!
JOIN NOW
Upcoming Events
IGMOA Annual Meeting and Trade Show
June 22, 2021 @ 5:00 pm - June 23, 2021 @ 8:00 pm
View All Events
SIGN THE VOLUNTARY MITIGATION PLEDGE
We are asking ALL ILLINOIS HOSPITALTY BUSINESSES to sign a pledge to be proactive and voluntarily adopt specific mitigation efforts in the event their region has a 3-day average positivity rate that exceeds 6.5 percent. We need to send the message that we are serious about public health and safety.
PLEASE BE PART OF THE SOLUTION and HELP KEEP ALL OUR DOORS OPEN!
The Voluntary Mitigation Pledge
We the undersigned recognize COVID-19 as a serious threat to the health and safety of our communities, customers, and employees. As such, we are committed and hereby pledge to continue enforcing the safety guidelines outlined by the Illinois Department of Public Health. Furthermore, should the 3-day average Covid-19 positivity rate reach 6.5% or higher within our designated Region, we hereby pledge to VOLUNTARILY take the following mitigation efforts within our GAMING AREAS:
Limit occupancy WITHIN GAMING AREA to ONE (1) PATRON per VGT
Actively encourage compliance with the FACEMASK REQUIREMENT
Discontinue FOOD & BEVERAGE service WITHIN GAMING AREA
Actively prevent congregating WITHIN GAMING AREA
These voluntary mitigation efforts will remain in effect until the 3-day average positivity rate drops below 6.5 percent.
Fill out the form below to sign the pledge
Name *Email *Name of Business *Business Location *Terminal Operator *CommentSUBMIT
×
SIGN THE PLAY IT SAFE PLEDGE
We are asking you to help with the effort to keep bars and restaurants open and to keep video gaming terminals turned on. We are asking you to do three things:
1. Sign the pledge to Play it Safe at your business by following some simple safety guidelines. (see below)
2. Send us a photo of the safety guideline posted at your place of business. We want to show the Governor that we are Playing it Safe and protecting our customers. You can download the safety guidelines here
3. E-Mail us your photo!
Please sign the pledge below and help the Support Main Street Illinois coalition keep our businesses open and please send us a photo of the safety guidelines posted at your business.
Thank you.
THE PLAY IT SAFE PLEDGE
We the undersigned take very seriously our obligation to provide fun, safe entertainment to our customers. We believe the best protection against the spread of COVID-19 is to avoid being exposed to the virus and we are committed to the promoting the following safety precautions to keep our customers safe:
Wash your hands often and thoroughly: use soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after being in public, eating or preparing food, using the restroom, or touching your face
Avoid close contact: put six feet of distance between you and others
Cover your mouth and nose: wear a mask or cloth face cover in any public setting
Clean surfaces: we are working to thoroughly clean and disinfect gaming machines before and after each use
Monitor your health: watch for symptoms like fever, cough, shortness of breath, and take your temperature if you notice symptoms. Seek medical attention and follow CDC guidance if you believe you might be infected
We agree to post these guidelinesat our businesses and encourage our customers to “Play it Safe.”
FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO SIGN THE PLEDGE!Name *Email *Name of Business *Business Location *Terminal Operator *PhoneSUBMIT
×
Our current campaign has ended, however, the Support Main Street Illinois Coalition (“SMSIL”) will continue to work for you and your business. We are dedicated to the success of Illinois Hospitality, particularly video gaming. With your help, we will continue fighting for the future of this industry.
To stay informed, please enter your information below. Remember, there is “STRENGTH IN NUMBERS!”
Thanks for your support!
Name *Title *Email *Name of Business *Business Location *The number of people that rely on this business for their livelihood: *Terminal Operator *CommentSUBMIT
×
Guidelines to Safely Reopen Additional Businesses and Industries as State Advances to Next Phase of Restore Illinois
×
SUBJECT: Thank you for your support of my small business
Dear Mr. President;
On behalf of thousands of small business owners and tens of thousands of employees in Illinois, Oregon, West Virginia, Nevada, Montana, Georgia, South Dakota, Louisiana and Pennsylvania, we wanted to sincerely thank you for supporting our eligibility to participate in the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP).
The Small Business Administration’s (SBA) release of revised regulatory guidelines that allow all size-eligible gaming entities to participate in the PPP was long overdue and vital to our small businesses. We are incredibly grateful for your steadfast advocacy in correcting the SBA’s antiquated policy that precluded small businesses that generate revenues from legalized and regulated gaming activities from rightfully qualifying for needed relief under the CARES Act.
There is no doubt that without your leadership and sustained effort to get the guidelines changed, thousands of small businesses and their employees would not have been able to survive the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Your continued support of my small businesses is greatly appreciated.
Gratefully,
Name *FirstLastEmail *Business NameBusiness TitleMessageSUBMIT
×
SUBJECT: Thank you for your support of my small business
Dear Senator:
On behalf of thousands of small business owners and tens of thousands of employees in Illinois, Oregon, West Virginia, Nevada, Montana, Georgia, South Dakota, Louisiana and Pennsylvania, we wanted to sincerely thank you for supporting our eligibility to participate in the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP).
The Small Business Administration’s (SBA) release of revised regulatory guidelines that allow all size-eligible gaming entities to participate in the PPP was long overdue and vital to our small businesses. We are incredibly grateful for your steadfast advocacy in correcting the SBA’s antiquated policy that precluded small businesses that generate revenues from legalized and regulated gaming activities from rightfully qualifying for needed relief under the CARES Act.
There is no doubt that without your leadership and sustained effort to get the guidelines changed, thousands of small businesses and their employees would not have been able to survive the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Your continued support of my small businesses is greatly appreciated.
Gratefully,
Name *FirstLastEmail *Business NameBusiness TitlePhoneSUBMIT
×
Welcome to the Support Main Street Illinois Coalition
These are extraordinarily difficult times, and the Support Main Street Illinois Coalition is stepping up to help. Because this information on responding to coronavirus is so important, we are waiving SMSIL membership fees until Oct. 1, 2020 and providing this information to you for free in the meantime.
Please complete and submit the form below to confirm your complimentary membership so that you may continue to receive important information on this and other issues once the complimentary membership period expires.
Name *FirstLastEmail *CommentSUBMIT
×