https://talksport.com/competition-terms-conditions/
Jump directly to the content
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.
FOLLOW talkSPORT
Your Sun
Sign in
Editions
US Edition
UK Edition
Scottish Sun
Irish Sun
Sun Bingo
Dream Team
talkSPORT
About talkSPORT
How to listen
Listen again
Live commentaries
Download the talkSPORT app NOW – the best way to listen live
talkSPORT podcasts
talkSPORT Predictor
talkSPORT schedule
News Corp
Dream Team
New York Post
talkRADIO
The Australian
The Sun
The Sun Vouchers
The Times
Times Radio
Virgin Radio UK
Wall Street Journal
Wireless Group
Wireless Studios
Services
Advertise with us
Advertising specs
Brand guidelines
Competition rules
Contact us
Work for us
License content
Privacy policy
Terms of use
News Centre
Topics A-Z
Cookie Settings
The world's biggest sports radio station
TOP
Sign in
talkSPORT
US Edition
UK Edition
Scottish Sun
Irish Sun
Sun Bingo
Dream Team
Search
Home
LISTEN LIVE
Football
Transfers
Boxing
Sport
Selector
Schedule/Catch Up
Podcasts
Shop
Competitions
talksport
23rd April 2018,
3:53 pm
Updated: 4th March 2020,
2:45 pm
WIRELESS GROUP COMPETITION RULES
These terms and conditions are the competition rules (“Rules”) that apply to all competitions (“Competitions”) organised by or on behalf of Wireless Group Limited and all of its subsidiary companies (in each case, the “Promoter”). For the purposes of these Rules, the term “Promoter” shall also include (a) all radio stations operated by any member of the Wireless Group Limited, and (b) all agents, sponsors and event promoters involved in organising Competitions through or on behalf of any member of the Wireless Group Limited.
In addition to the Rules, other specific terms and conditions may apply to a particular Competition (“Specific Rules”). Such Specific Rules will be posted on the relevant Promoter’s website and will be deemed incorporated into these Rules. In the event of any discrepancy between these Rules and the Specific Rules, the Specific Rules shall prevail.
By entering a Competition, entrants agree to be bound by these Rules and any Specific Rules that may apply.
The Promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend any Competition, these Rules or any Specific Rules at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be posted either within these Rules or the Specific Rules or on the relevant Promoter’s website. The Promoter may at any time, without notice, issue further terms and conditions to be read in conjunction with these Rules and any Specific Rules that may apply.
Participation in the Competition
Each entrant must be over 18 years of age and resident in the UK to enter Competitions.
Officers, employees and agents of the Promoter and any party associated or directly connected to or with the specific Competition (including sponsors) and their families, officers, employees and agents (as applicable) and anyone who has won a prize on any radio station or website operated by the Promoter within the last 12 months are not eligible to enter any Competition.
Only one entry per person per Competition is permitted, unless otherwise stated.
Proof of making a phone call, sending post or email is not proof of our receipt of your entry. No responsibility can be accepted for entries that are lost, delayed or damaged or otherwise affected by matters outside our control.
Where a Competition has a closing date and/or time, all entries must be received before such date and/or time. Late entries will not be taken into consideration in the selection of a winner.
For competitions which involve a winner being selected via a public vote, only one vote per person is permitted, unless otherwise stated. Entrants must use their legal name and must register a valid email address to be entitled to vote. Entrant IP addresses may be logged for monitoring purposes. The Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any vote if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it has not been cast in accordance with these Rules or any Specific Rules.
Callers are not necessarily entitled to participate in on-air Competitions and will not necessarily appear on-air in the order in which they are called. The Promoter shall not be liable to reimburse callers for telephone charges when either on hold or on-air. Where the situation arises, only the person who is selected to come to air (if applicable) is eligible to win if they give the correct answer.
The Promoter reserves the right at any time to cancel, modify or supersede the Competition (including altering prizes) if, in its sole discretion, the Competition is not capable of being conducted as specified. In the event of a printing or other error resulting in there being more winners or runner ups than prizes for the Competition, the Promoter reserves the right to (a) declare as void any claims or entries resulting from such printing or other error; and/or (b) allocate the available prize(s) through a further draw or to divide the prize(s) or the value of the prize(s) between the winners (and runners up) of the Competition.
Entries
By entering a Competition, you hereby warrant that all information submitted by you is true, current and complete. Entries to the Competition must be the original work of the author. Entries which are or in the Promoter’s reasonable opinion appear to be plagiarised or done by or with the assistance of a third party will be disqualified. Entrants represent and warrant that:
(a)    they have obtained all rights, licences, and permissions necessary, in writing, from any person who may have helped create and/or be featured in their entry
(b)    that their entry to the Competition (including any text, recordings, videos and photographs):
(i)    does not contain or feature any personal or private information about any person (including their name, contact details, a photograph of them and/or any other identifying information) without that person’s consent (proof of which must be provided to the Promoter upon request);
(ii)    does not contain any content that is defamatory, libellous, racist, homophobic, derogatory, pornographic, obscene, sexist, illegal, and/or otherwise inappropriate;
(iii)    does not include trade marks, logos, or copyright protected material which belongs to third parties without permission (including company names, music, photographs, motion picture or television programme clips or audio tracks, works of art, or images published on or in websites, television, movies, or other media);
(iv)    is not subject to any third party agreements and the Promoter will not be required to pay any sums to any third party as a result of the Promoter’s use (as set out in these Terms and Conditions) or the exploitation by the Promoter of the idea, video or other rights contained in any entry; and
(v)    does not contain any known virus, trojan horse, worm, trapdoor or similar software that may in any way infect or affect any of the Promoter’s hardware or software systems.
The Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any entrant if it has reasonable grounds to believe the entrant has breached any of these Rules or any Specific Rules or any other terms and conditions that apply to any Competition. Furthermore, entrants who are rude or abusive to, harass or threaten the Promoter and/or other entrants, tamper with, deceive, cheat or hack the Competition, collude with others in entering the Competition or are deemed otherwise unsuitable by the Promoter, will be excluded from the relevant Competition.
The Promoter shall not be responsible for any damage, loss, injury or disappointment suffered by any entrant entering, or being unable to enter, any Competition or as a result of accepting any Competition prize.
The Promoter shall not held responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line system, servers or providers, computer equipment, software failure of any e-mail or entry to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, telephone lines or at any website, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to any entrant’s or any other person’s computer or mobile telephone related to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in a Competition. Nothing shall exclude the Promoter’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence or for any other matter where liability may not be limited as a matter of law.
Winners and Prizes
Competition winners will be chosen at random unless otherwise specified.
Where winners are selected based on objective criteria, the judge’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
The Promoter will endeavour to notify and deliver prizes to winners of each Competition within 30 days of the closing date set for such Competition. Return of any prize notification as undeliverable or failure to reply within 30 days or as specified in the notification may result in disqualification and the selection of an alternate winner.
In the case of Competition prizes in the form of free tickets for a particular event, the Promoter will contact the prize winner by phone and prize details shall be as printed on the event tickets. Ticket holders shall be bound by (a) these Rules, (b) any Specific Rules that apply, (c) any terms and conditions set out on the event tickets and (d) the rules and regulations of the particular venue (as applicable).
All Competition prizes are subject to availability.
All taxes, insurances, transfers, spending money and other expenses, unless specifically stated, are the sole responsibility of the prize-winner.
No Competition prize may be transferred or assigned to any other person and no cash alternative or alternative prize is available. In the event of the advertised Competition prize being unavailable for whatever reason, the
Promoter reserves the right to offer an alternative prize.
Competition prizes are awarded at the Promoter’s sole discretion and no prizes will be awarded as a result of improper actions by or on behalf of any entrant. The Promoter reserves the right to require entrants to prove that they are eligible. If a winner is found to be ineligible, the Promoter reserves the right to award their prize to another entrant and to require the return of any prize already awarded.
No responsibility will be accepted for inaccurate Competition prize details supplied by a third party promoter. The provision of the prize does not imply endorsement by the Promoter of any third party supplier of prize or any other third parties concerned in any way with the Competition. Any complaints or queries relating to the use of the prize should be directed to the third party supplier of the prize, where applicable
Publicity and Data Protection
Competition winners may be required to take part in or co-operate with publicity or any other form of promotional activity. The Promoter reserves the right to use the names and general location of winners, their photograph and any recordings of them (be it audio or visual) in any publicity or promotion and the Promoter has the right to use such photos, videos or films in any medium and in any reasonable manner for any purpose as it may see fit. All
Competition entrants agree to their name and home town being published on-air and elsewhere in accordance with regulatory requirements. Entrants agree to their participation being broadcast, recorded, repeated and otherwise used for any reason by the Promoter without being entitled to any payment or expenses for such use.
The Promoter will collect and process entrants’ personal information and it will be shared with the Promoter’s agents, affiliates and, if applicable, any third party prize provider (including those outside the European Economic Area).
Information provided by entrants will only be used for the purpose of conducting this Competition (including for prizes to be delivered) and other purposes as may be specified at the time of entry or on promotional materials. If entrants do not provide any of the mandatory information requested when participating in the Competition, their entry will be void. Personal information will be retained in accordance with the applicable privacy policy in place from time to time (see http://www.newsprivacy.co.uk/single/).
General
Entrants agree to keep confidential any information of whatsoever nature regarding Wireless Group Limited and their respective businesses, personnel, agents, sponsors and event promoters received by entrants as a result of winning or participating in any Competition.
Each Competition (including these Rules, any Specific Rules and all matters incidental thereto) shall be governed by English law and all parties shall submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Any enquiries regarding these Rules and any Specific Rules should be directed to: talkSPORT Sponsorship & Promotions On-Air Department, talkSPORT, 1 London Bridge Street, London SE1 9GFJ.
Wireless Group Limited, its affiliates, the programme producers and/or the Promoter may amend or withdraw any element of a competition, prize draw, vote or poll for reasons beyond their reasonable control, including but not limited to the unavailability of the vote, poll, competition or prize draw entry platform before the closing date, or for strike, lock-out, labour dispute, illness, act of God, natural disaster, adverse weather conditions, war, riot, civil commotion, accident, public health concern in relation to potential infection, epidemic or pandemic, malicious damage, fire, flood and/or storm, compliance with law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, breakdown of plant, machinery or transportation. Wireless Group Limited, its affiliates, the programme producers and/or the Promoter are not responsible for any loss or damage caused to you as a result of any of these occurrences.