https://tamestorm.com/privacy.html
News:
River Raider Updated! Remake of old and very popular game - River Raid. Play for free online
Lode Runner play online
Air Assault
Puzzle Spring adventure Mac OS
Air Assault Mac OS
Puzzle Spring adventure
Help fairy Spring to defeat evil witch and bring spring to a fairy land.
Air Assault
is a classic arcade-style scrolling shooter game. Control your helicopter, destroy enemies, enjoy the game.
River Raider
for Mac OS X released.
Arabesque puzzle a new puzlle for the whole family.
River Raider II Updated! is
not simply the next 3D River Raid.
Filler puzzle. An
exciting puzzle game for the whole family.
Virus. Thrilling
real time strategic game (RTS).
BrixFormer puzzle is a
package of 8 brilliant logical and puzzle games. Now free.
Snatch And Run : Lode Runner
Most accurate remake of classical game Lode Runner. Now free.
River Raider II. is
not simply the next 3D River Raid.
PRIVACY POLICY
General
TameStorm software development group. has created this Privacy Policy in order
to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as
name, address, phone number, or e-mail address from users of this web site and
our products without your knowledge. Your email will not be sold or given to
anyone, and it will only be used to send replies to your email or messages
related to the our products.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control. TameStorm software development
group. shall use reasonable efforts to comply with the terms of this Privacy
Policy and shall react promptly in order to correct any failure to do so.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, TameStorm software development group. does not
warrant that its performance under this Privacy Policy will be error-free.
TameStorm software development group. shall not be liable for any incidental,
consequential or punitive damages relating to this Privacy Policy.
Indemnity
TameStorm software development group. is exempt from liability for losses of
any kind (straight or consequential) caused by using of our products or
products represented at this site.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on
your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used only to identify the customer, not
to identify any specific customer traits. These cookies do not store sensitive
data. This enables a more pleasant using of our site.
Changes to our Privacy Statement
Our company reserves the right to change the privacy statement without
notification.
Additional information
For further information concerning this Privacy Policy or its application,
please send us an e-mail at : support@tamestorm.com
Copyright © 2002-2018, TameStorm Games: shareware games developer. All Rights Reserved.