https://teamstryker.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to Team Stryker Sports. By purchasing digital goods from Team Stryker Sports you are bound by the Conditions of Sale the General Terms and we recommend you read our Privacy Notice which explains how we use your information.
Definitions
In this Agreement the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings:-
“Digital Goods” means any intangible digital product or service sold and delivered by “Team Stryker Sports” in the form of a one-off or recurring subscription payment.
“Store” means any web based service operated by “Team Stryker Sports” for the purposes of marketing and retailing digital goods.
“Customer” means you the person purchasing “Digital Goods” from “Team Stryker Sports”
“Author” means the person that has the Intellectual Property rights or rights to sell the “Digital Goods” via the “Store”
Words denoting the singular shall include the plural and vice versa and words denoting any gender shall include all genders.
The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Conditions of Sale
Introduction
These Conditions of Sale govern the sale of “Digital Goods” by “Team Stryker Sports” to the “Customer”.
The Contract
When you purchase “Digital Goods” from “Team Stryker Sports” via any of our “Store” venues you will be required to “confirm” to complete the order. By “confirming” you are accepting these terms and conditions of sale. The contract for the purchase of any “Digital Goods” will be between the “Customer” and “Team Stryker Sports” and will only be formed when “Team Stryker Sports” make the “Digital Goods” available for download or provide access to a subscription service, and we have received payment in full for the “Digital Goods”. Until we make the “Digital Goods” available for download or provide access to a subscription service and receive payment in full there is no contract between the “Customer” and “Team Stryker Sports” for the “Digital Goods”. “Team Stryker Sports” reserves the right, at our sole discretion to reject any order we receive. By placing an order with “Team Stryker Sports” you agree you are:-
legally capable of entering into binding contracts
at least 18 years old and have read these terms of sale so that you fully understand them
Cancellation and Refunds
By purchasing and/or downloading any “Digital Goods” from “Team Stryker Sports” the “Customer” is waiving their rights to a return or refund.
All sales of “Digital Goods” are final.
– 2.1 Subscriptions
“Digital Goods” sold via a recurring daily, weekly, monthly or yearly payment can be cancelled at anytime by accessing the My Account section of the “Store” and clicking ‘manage subscription’. “Team Stryker Sports” will not provide the “Customer” with a refund for a cancellation that is part-way through a billing period. In the event that a recurring payment fails due to an expired credit or debit card “Team Stryker Sports” reserves the right to suspend access to the service whilst payment details are updated or the subscription is cancelled. “Customer’s” can update the credit or debit card used to pay for their subscription by the My Account section of the “Store” and clicking ‘manage subscription’.
Price and Payment
The price of any “Digital Goods” will be as quoted on the “Store” at the then current time, except in the case of obvious error. This price will include legally applicable TAX. The “Customer” agrees they may have to provide their country of residence during the order process for the purposes of calculating the correct amount of TAX to apply to the order. We will not accept any offers for “Digital Goods” other than at the then current price. Payment for all “Digital Goods” is processed securely by various third party payment gateway services and will be handled in the currency advertised on the “Store”.
– 3.1 Subscriptions
For “Digital Goods” sold via a recurring daily, weekly, monthly or yearly payment you herby authorize “Team Stryker Sports” to charge your credit or debit card in future based on the billing period advertised. Where the recurring payment date does not recur in a particular period (e.g., 31 January, but there is no 31 February), the “Customer” will be charged on the closest preceding date to the payment date (e.g., 28 February) for that period.
Delivery
“Digital Goods” are delivered to the “Customer” by a choice of methods:-
via download to the “Customer’s” personal desktop computer
via download to the “Customer’s” personal mobile device
via the “Customer’s” My Account section on the “Store”
You hereby agree to download “Digital Goods” for private, non-commercial use only and that you will not copy, redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, modify, adapt, edit, sub-license or transfer the “Digital Goods” to anyone else. Nothing in these conditions of sale grants the “Customer” any rights other than those expressly set out herein. These terms do not grant the “Customer” any rights in relation to the synchronization, public performance, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction, distribution or commercial exploitation of any “Digital Goods”. Any breaches of these terms will be pursued to the full extent of the law.
– 4.1 Subscriptions
When purchasing “Digital Goods” in the form of a subscription service the “Customer” will be emailed access details upon receipt of payment in full for the first subscription period, be that daily, weekly, monthly or yearly. Access to the service will continue until either cancelled by the “Customer” or “Team Stryker Sports”.
Customer Requirements
In order for the “Customer” to access the “Digital Goods” the “Customer” is required to have:-
an internet connection
a personal desktop computer or mobile device capable of opening the “Digital Goods”
Email Communications
In the process of purchasing “Digital Goods” from “Team Stryker Sports” the “Customer” email address will be subscribed to the “Team Stryker Sports” general email list. All subscriptions are opt-in meaning the “Customer” will receive an opt-in email after the sale asking them to opt-in to receive future promotional emails. “Team Stryker Sports” also use the “Customer” email address to issue a one time ‘Order Receipt’ email to upon receipt of a successful order.
General Terms
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of its obligations if the delay or failure results from events or circumstances outside its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, strikes, lock outs, accidents, war, fire, the act or omission of government, highway authorities or any telecommunications carrier, operator or administration or other competent authority, the act or omission of any Internet Service Provider, or the delay or failure in manufacture, production, or supply by third parties of equipment or services, and the party shall be entitled to a reasonable extension of its obligations after notifying the other party of the nature and extent of such events.
Severance
If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any Court of competent jurisdiction such provision shall be severed, and the remainder of the provisions hereof shall continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been agreed with the invalid illegal or unenforceable provision eliminated.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement contains the entire Agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter and supersedes any previous agreements, arrangements, undertakings or proposals, oral or written. This Agreement may be updated without notice.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and the parties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
GDPR (General DATA Protection Regulation) Privacy Notice
Last updated:- 3rd May 2018.
To protect your privacy, we will not distribute any of your details to third parties other than as already described herein, or unless required to do so by law. “Team Stryker Sports” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected, as such all data is only handled over the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol and is stored on US based servers inline with the GDPR (General Data Protection Act).
Types of data we collect
– Google Analytics
When someone visits teamstryker.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
– Personal Data
We will collect the following personal information when you purchase “Digital Goods” from the “Store”:-
Your full name, we use this to identify you in Order Receipt emails.
Your email address, we use this to communicate to the “Customer”.
Your country and state of residence, we need this to accurately determine what TAX to apply to your order.
Your address if required to do so for TAX purposes.
Your IP address, this is required for TAX purposes to help establish your country of residence.
Your computer or mobile devices OS and Browser, we use this information to better serve content to Customers.
We require this essential personal information to fulfil our obligations and provide the “Store” service. We will use your email address as the primary means of communicating with you, all email is delivered by the third party transactional email provider Mailchimp or Campaigner
A “Customer” is entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. To view, amend or delete any data we and any third party as described herein may hold about you please contact support
– Cookies
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
What cookies do we set and how long do they last?
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the “Store” that created that particular cookie. These cookies allow the “Store” to link the actions of a “Customer” during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
The following persistent cookies are set on “Team Stryker Sports”:-
Shopping Cart Cookie – we set a cookie to remember products added to a “Customer” shopping cart, this cookie lasts for 30 days.
Download Protection Cookie – we set a cookie to secure a “Customer” download page from being shared with another person, this cookie lasts for 24 hours from the point at which the “Customer” first accesses the download page.
– Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect and deliver online.
Recent Posts
Tom Stryker’s Free Football Play December 7th
Tom Stryker’s Free Football Play December 5th
Tom Stryker’s Free Basketball Play December 4th
Tom Stryker’s Free Basketball Play December 2nd
Tom Stryker’s Free Basketball Play December 1st
My AccountFrequently Asked Questions
My account
Cart
Checkout