https://theassaultgroup.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
The Assault Group is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Notice to describe our practices regarding the ‘personal data’ we collect from contractors, members of the public, and visitors to the TAG web site. Your data will always be treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data means any data that allows someone to identify you. For example, your name, address, telephone and mobile numbers, and email address – as well as any information about you that is associated with, linked to, or could be linked to, any of the aforementioned data. When identified by such information, you are known as the ‘data subject’.
Who are we?
The Assault Group is the ‘data controller’ (contact details below). This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
How do we process your personal data?
The Assault Group complies with its obligations under the “GDPR” by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To administer membership records
To manage our employees and volunteers
To maintain our own accounts and records
To inform you of news, events, and activities
We may also collect and store information about you when you interact with us. For example when you:
make a purchase
join our membership + scheme
register as a user on our website
submit an enquiry
give us feedback
make a complaint
apply for a job
enter into a contract with us
What is the legal basis for processing your personal data?
Explicit consent of the data subject so that we can keep you informed about news, events, and activities
Processing is necessary for carrying out obligations under employment, social security or social protection law, or a collective agreement
Processing is carried out ensuring there is no disclosure to a third party without consent
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential. We will only share your data with third parties with your explicit consent or when required by law to do so.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal contact information for only as long as it remains relevant and/or necessary for us to do so.
We will keep financial records and associated paperwork for as long as the law requires us to, for tax or accounting purposes (which may be up to six years after a particular transaction).
Contact forms
If you contact us through any of the contact and/or feedback forms on this website, we will process your email address and your name. We will retain this data only as long as necessary and relevant to process the your enquiry. We will not use your data for any other purpose than was intended.
Cookies
This website does not use tracking cookies for analytics purposes.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data which The Assault Group hold;
The right to request that The Assault Group corrects any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for the The Assault Group to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time;
The right to request that the data controller provide the data subject with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable) [Only applies where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and in either case the data controller processes the data by automated means];
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable) [Only applies where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics]; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
People under 18
All personal information processed about people under the age of 18 is done so with parent/guardian consent. Before processing data we will ask you to confirm that consent has been provided, if the individual is under the age of 18. We trust that adults from other organisations (for example, teachers and youth workers) who provide us with data about those aged under 18 have received parent/guardian consent for the data to be shared.
Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact the The Assault Group via e-mail at pete at theassaultgroup.co.uk.
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email at https://ico.org.uk/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Data Controller
The data controller is:
The Assault Group
Unit L, Broxtowe Park,
Calverton Drive,
Nottingham
England
NG8 6QPTel: 0115 9133591
Email: pete at theassaultgroup.co.uk
Data Protection Officer
The data protection officer is:
Peter Brown
Tel: 0115 9133591
Email: pete at theassaultgroup.co.uk
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Our Privacy Notice may change from time to time to ensure adherence to legislation or industry developments. Please check this page occasionally to see if we have included any updates and that you are happy with them.
(Last updated by Perchpole Media on: 27 May 2018)
Search
Product Categories
Select a category
Fantasy  (207)
Dwarf Empire  (91)
Empire Humans  (4)
Fantasy Characters  (9)
Halfling Militia  (51)
Undead  (3)
Unit Builder Sets (Fantasy)  (50)
Live stock, Horses & Pack Animals  (100)
Livestock  (6)
Medieval Asia horses  (25)
Miscellaneous & Mules  (4)
Renaissance Horses  (65)
Medieval Asia  (120)
Medieval Asian Characters  (12)
Mongols  (22)
Samurai  (24)
Song Dynasty  (18)
Tang Dynasty  (12)
Sui Dynasty  (6)
Unit Builder Sets (Asian)  (26)
Parts & Equipment  (541)
Asian  (41)
Aztec/Talaxacalan  (16)
British Modern  (10)
British WWII  (14)
Chinese Modern  (1)
Commonwealth Vietnam  (3)
Diorama Sets  (16)
Fantasy  (101)
German WWII  (21)
Japanese WWII  (14)
Modern Civilian  (108)
Renaissance Weapons  (88)
Russian Modern  (13)
Soviet WWII  (8)
US Modern  (38)
US Vietnam  (16)
US WWII  (21)
Vietnamese  (12)
Renaissance  (612)
Albanian  (2)
Aztec  (30)
Cossack  (14)
Croat  (3)
Dutch  (6)
English, Stuart  (10)
English, Tudor  (42)
French, Valois  (29)
German, Maximilian Imperial  (9)
German, Thirty Years War  (45)
Hungarian  (3)
Italian  (24)
Muscovite, Russian  (28)
Ordinance  (10)
Ottoman  (39)
Polish  (25)
Renaissance Characters  (19)
Scottish  (16)
Spanish, Habsburg Imperial  (19)
Spanish, Trastámara  (33)
Swedish  (22)
Tatar  (8)
Tlaxacalan  (12)
Unit Builder Sets (Renaissance)  (115)
Starter Armies (Renaissance)  (49)
Ultra Modern  (186)
Ultra Modern Characters  (31)
Afghans & Iraqis  (19)
African Irregulars  (24)
Americans  (30)
British  (31)
Chinese  (3)
Russian Federation  (14)
Western Civilian & Corporate  (34)
Up Country (Vietnam)  (59)
Up Country Characters  (9)
Commonwealth in Vietnam  (6)
North Vietnamese Army  (9)
US in Vietnam  (22)
Viet Cong  (13)
World War II  (119)
American Marines  (25)
Britain in the Far-East  (18)
Japanese Imperial Army  (24)
Late War Germans  (24)
Soviet Russians  (12)
World War II Characters  (16)
Vehicles  (8)
British Modern Vehicles  (2)
U S Modern Vehicles  (2)
U S Vietnam Vehicles  (4)
Facebook
BasketTop Rated Products
Imperial Dwarf Knight Command, mounted on Land Griffons
Rated 5.00 out of 5
£20.00
Valois French gun crew
Rated 5.00 out of 5
£7.20
Late Landsknecht Command advancing
Rated 5.00 out of 5
£7.20
Spanish Wife with gourd
Rated 5.00 out of 5
£1.80
Sheathed 16th Century sword plain hilt x 1
Rated 5.00 out of 5
£0.45
Home
AboutExpand child menuExpand
About
TAG and You
About the RangeExpand child menuExpand
Ultra Modern
Up Country (Vietnam)
World War Two
Renaissance
Medieval Asia
NewsExpand child menuExpand
Blog
InfoExpand child menuExpand
Privacy Notice
Dispatch time
Shopping information
Shipping policy
Returns policy
Product information
Product Guarantee
ShopExpand child menuExpand
FantasyExpand child menuExpand
Dwarf Empire
Empire Humans
Fantasy Characters
Halfling Militia
Undead
Unit Builder Sets (Fantasy)
Live stock, Horses & Pack AnimalsExpand child menuExpand
Livestock
Medieval Asia horses
Miscellaneous & Mules
Renaissance Horses
Medieval AsiaExpand child menuExpand
Medieval Asian Characters
Mongols
Samurai
Song Dynasty
Sui Dynasty
Tang Dynasty
Unit Builder Sets (Asian)
Parts & EquipmentExpand child menuExpand
Asian
Aztec/Talaxacalan
British Modern
British WWII
Chinese Modern
Commonwealth Vietnam
Diorama Sets
Fantasy
Japanese WWII
German WWII
Modern Civilian
Renaissance Weapons
Russian Modern
Soviet WWII
US Modern
US Vietnam
US WWII
Vietnamese
RenaissanceExpand child menuExpand
Albanian
Aztec
Cossack
Croat
Dutch
English, Stuart
English, Tudor
French, Valois
German, Maximilian Imperial
German, Thirty Years War
Hungarian
Italian
Ordinance
Ottoman
Renaissance Characters
Polish
Scottish
Spanish, Habsburg Imperial
Spanish, Trastámara
Swedish
Tatar
Tlaxacalan
Unit Builder Sets (Renaissance)
Starter Armies (Renaissance)
Ultra ModernExpand child menuExpand
Afghans & Iraqis
African Irregulars
Americans
British
Chinese
Russian Federation
Western Civilian & Corporate
Ultra Modern Characters
Up Country (Vietnam)Expand child menuExpand
Commonwealth in Vietnam
North Vietnamese Army
Up Country Characters
US in Vietnam
Viet Cong
VehiclesExpand child menuExpand
British Modern Vehicles
U S Modern Vehicles
U S Vietnam Vehicles
World War IIExpand child menuExpand
American Marines
Britain in the Far-East
Japanese Imperial Army
Late War Germans
Soviet Russians
World War II Characters
My AccountExpand child menuExpand
Log in
Account Details
Your Orders
User Gallery
Basket
Checkout
Edit Address
MembershipExpand child menuExpand
Register
Your Membership
HelpExpand child menuExpand
Knowledge Base and FAQs
Contact