https://theories-itsagame.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://theories-itsagame.com/ website (the “Service”) operated by Theories its a Game (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Theories its a Game and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Theories its a Game.
Theories its a Game has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Theories its a Game shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 60 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Become a Certified in-Home Personal Trainer
Reincarnation as well as Psychology
How to Get Rid of Sleep Disorders With Herbal Remedies?
HGV Diver Training Get License for Driving Heavy Goods Vehicles
Learning the Art of Amazon Copywriting From a Copywriter Course
Archives
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
December 2019
November 2019
Categories
Business
Education
Enviroment
Health and Fitness
Kids & Teens
Legal
Reading & Writing
Real Estate
Relationships
Transportation
Travel
Travel & Tourism
Women's Interests
Writer
Tagsamazon
business
cancer
church
constitution
copywriter
courses
eco friendly
golf
green
health
hgv
karma
kids
kindle
law
leeds
legal
liverpool
london
management
manchester
meltdown
play
property
psychology
reading
relationships
school
shows
sleep
trainer
transportation
travel
women
writing
yoga
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Theories It's A Game — Lyrical WordPress theme by GoDaddy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.