https://tinsoldieruk.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Specials
PAINTED SHIPS & MORE...
High quality cast historical and fantasy figurines
Categories
Unpainted Figures
15mm Historical Figures
15mm Ancient Italian States
15mm Arab/Eastern Nations
15mm Army Camps
15mm Aztecs
15mm Baggage Train & Accessories
15mm Boer
15mm Byzantine
15mm Carolingian
15mm Carthaginian
15mm Celtic (400-150BC)
15mm Conquistadores
15mm Fast Play Army Packs
15mm Hellenistic
15mm Italian Colonial
15mm Medieval
15mm Norman
15mm Republic Roman
15mm Rus/Slavic/Asiatic
15mm Samurai
15mm Saxon
15mm Spanish (Punic)
15mm Sub-Roman (Brits)
15mm The Universal Soldier
Basic Body
Heads
Shields
Weapons
15mm Tin Soldier Army Packs
15mm Viking
15mm Warriors of Abyssinia
15mm Ready Made & DBA Armies
15mm Fast Play Army Packs
15mm Tin Soldier Army Packs
25mm Historical Figures
20mm WWII Romanian Infantry
25mm Ancient Assyrian
25mm Ancient Indians
25mm Ancient Italian States
Equipment
Figures
25mm Aztecs
25mm Carolingian
25mm Carthaginians
25mm Celtic
25mm Early German
25mm Early Imperial Roman
25mm Egyptian New Kingdom
25mm English Civil War Range
25mm Equipment & Weapons
25mm Etruscans
25mm Goths. Visigoths. Vandals.
25mm Greek
ANCIENT GREEK CIVILLIANS
GREEK ARTILLERY
GREEK CAVALRY
GREEK HOPLITE HEADS
GREEK HOPLITE HEAVY INFANTRY
GREEK INFANTRY
MYTHICAL FIGURES
25mm Late Romans
25mm Lydian/Ionian Greek
IONIANS
LYDIAN
25mm Macedonian Range
25mm Norman/Crusader
25mm Numidian/Moorish
25mm Samnites
25mm Samurai
25mm Scythian
25mm Spanish Napoleonic
25mm Successors
Cavalry Horses & Camel
Elephants & Chariot
Infantry
Weapons
25mm Thracians
Ancient Spanish
Arab Conquest & Successor States
Archaemenid Persian
Anatolian Persian Allies
Cavalry, Horses and Chariots
Infantry
Bavarian Napoleonic
British Allies at Waterloo
Belgian
Brunswick
Dutch
Nassau
British Napoleonic
Artillery
Cavalry
Infantry
Byzantine Empire
Caesarian Roman
Early Saxon
Prussian Napoleonic
Artillery
Artillery Crews
Cavalry
Infantry
Republican Romans
Russian Napoleonic
Artillery
Artillery Crews
Cavalry
Infantry
World War 1
ANZAC Infantry
ARAB Horses & Camels
ARAB Mounted Camel Riders
ARAB Mounted Horse Riders
Artillery
Australian Light Horse
British Artillery Crew
British Infantry in sun helmet
British Regular/Yeomanry Cavalry
German Artillery Crew
German Infantry 1917/18
Imperial Camel Corp
Indian Army
New Zealanders
The ARAB Revolt
Turkish (ARAB) Infantry
Turkish Artillery Crew
Turkish Horses
Turkish Infantry
Turkish Regular Cavalry
Turkish/German Trench Raiders
Wurtemburg Napoleonic
15mm Fantasy Figures
25mm Fantasy Figures
Books/Rules/Accessories
Painted Ships
Information
Customer Service
Log In / Register
Create Account
General Info
About Us
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Shipping Info
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletters
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
Discounts & Specials
How To Order
Overseas Distributors
Prices - Unpainted
Go To HCH
Contact
About Us
0
- £0.00
Log In / Register
Shopping Cart
- £0.00
Bestsellers
DAA1
- SASSANID CLIBANARIUS£3.50
CON1
- SPANISH HEAVY CAVALRY.£3.50
AZ16
- PEASANT ARCHER£1.00
IMP 1
- LEGIONARY ADVANCING WITH...£1.00
AZ14
- PEASANT£1.00
DBA1
- BYZANTINE CATAPHRACT...£3.50
ASS 1
H. infantry thrusting **£1.00
CON3
- SPANISH SWORDSMAN£3.50
REX6
- SAMURAI ARCHER£1.00
REX8
- SAMURAI£1.00
Discounts & Specials
How To Order
Overseas Distributors
Prices - Unpainted
Go To HCH
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This website uses the latest in Secure Server Technology to ensure that all personal and
transactional information is protected to the highest security standards.
Data Protection- in Summary
All personal details that you provide to us are held private between you and our online store,
we never make your personal details available to other companies for marketing purposes.
We may hold your personal details in order to process your order and/or maintain your account.
Cookies
As part of our high security standards, all session information is stored in our system database
whenever possible, with the use of Cookies being kept to an absolute minimum.
Keeping In Touch With You
We will email you with your account and login information when you register with our online shop.
Where you have opted-in to receive our Newsletter we will periodically send you information about
products, and promotional offers that you might be interested in.
If you prefer not to receive such information or be a part of such research at any time,
please email to "unsubscribe" quoting your full name, address and postcode
Update to reflect new GDPR Regulations as from 25th May 2018
What is Personal Data?
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation personal data is defined as: Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject).
Why do Tin Soldier UK need to collect and store my data?
For you to be a customer of Tin Soldier UK we need to hold certain information such as contact name/names, address, phone numbers, email addresses. We need this so we an contact you regarding offers, orders, shipping and any other day to day account management.
Will Tin Soldier UK share my personal data with anyone else?
No
How long is my personal information retained for?
Tin Soldier UK will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU General Data Protection Regulation. We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
Under what circumstances will Tin Soldier UK contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access and disclosure. We will continue to contact you from time to time to if you have opted in to newsletters.
What are my rights as a data subject?
At any point while we are in the possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access - you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification - you have the right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. If at any point you become aware that any of the personal data we hold in respect of you is inaccurate, then please call or email us via the contact details below whereby, once verified, we will arrange for the information to be updated.
Right to be forgotten - in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing - where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right to object - you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automate processing, including profiling -you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review - in the event that refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as mentioned below. All the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved (as stated above) in the processing of your personal data.
Can I find out what personal data the company holds about me?
At your request Tin Soldier UK can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If Tin Soldier UK does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person that has determined how and why to process data.
Contact details of the data protection representative, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it was not collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
How can I make a complaint?
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Tin Soldier UK, or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Tin Soldier UK.
Back
Shop
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Shipping
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
LinksEssex Miniatures Australia
22 Sydney Road, Hornsby Heights, N.S.W. 2077, Australia
Telephone (612) 9477 6696
Fax (612) 9477 2664
E-mail: essexminiatures@optusnet.co.au
Go to Essex Miniatures
HCH Figures
Painted 25mm Tin Soldier Figures Ranges
Go to HCH Figures
TIN SOLDIER (U.K.)
18 LION LANE
BILLERICAY
ESSEX CM12 9DL
ENGLAND
Copyright © 2020 Tin Soldier UK
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use