https://tinsoldieruk.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Specials
PAINTED SHIPS & MORE...
High quality cast historical and fantasy figurines
Categories
Unpainted Figures
15mm Historical Figures
15mm Ancient Italian States
15mm Arab/Eastern Nations
15mm Army Camps
15mm Aztecs
15mm Baggage Train & Accessories
15mm Boer
15mm Byzantine
15mm Carolingian
15mm Carthaginian
15mm Celtic (400-150BC)
15mm Conquistadores
15mm Fast Play Army Packs
15mm Hellenistic
15mm Italian Colonial
15mm Medieval
15mm Norman
15mm Republic Roman
15mm Rus/Slavic/Asiatic
15mm Samurai
15mm Saxon
15mm Spanish (Punic)
15mm Sub-Roman (Brits)
15mm The Universal Soldier
Basic Body
Heads
Shields
Weapons
15mm Tin Soldier Army Packs
15mm Viking
15mm Warriors of Abyssinia
15mm Ready Made & DBA Armies
15mm Fast Play Army Packs
15mm Tin Soldier Army Packs
25mm Historical Figures
20mm WWII Romanian Infantry
25mm Ancient Assyrian
25mm Ancient Indians
25mm Ancient Italian States
Equipment
Figures
25mm Aztecs
25mm Carolingian
25mm Carthaginians
25mm Celtic
25mm Early German
25mm Early Imperial Roman
25mm Egyptian New Kingdom
25mm English Civil War Range
25mm Equipment & Weapons
25mm Etruscans
25mm Goths. Visigoths. Vandals.
25mm Greek
ANCIENT GREEK CIVILLIANS
GREEK ARTILLERY
GREEK CAVALRY
GREEK HOPLITE HEADS
GREEK HOPLITE HEAVY INFANTRY
GREEK INFANTRY
MYTHICAL FIGURES
25mm Late Romans
25mm Lydian/Ionian Greek
IONIANS
LYDIAN
25mm Macedonian Range
25mm Norman/Crusader
25mm Numidian/Moorish
25mm Samnites
25mm Samurai
25mm Scythian
25mm Spanish Napoleonic
25mm Successors
Cavalry Horses & Camel
Elephants & Chariot
Infantry
Weapons
25mm Thracians
Ancient Spanish
Arab Conquest & Successor States
Archaemenid Persian
Anatolian Persian Allies
Cavalry, Horses and Chariots
Infantry
Bavarian Napoleonic
British Allies at Waterloo
Belgian
Brunswick
Dutch
Nassau
British Napoleonic
Artillery
Cavalry
Infantry
Byzantine Empire
Caesarian Roman
Early Saxon
Prussian Napoleonic
Artillery
Artillery Crews
Cavalry
Infantry
Republican Romans
Russian Napoleonic
Artillery
Artillery Crews
Cavalry
Infantry
World War 1
ANZAC Infantry
ARAB Horses & Camels
ARAB Mounted Camel Riders
ARAB Mounted Horse Riders
Artillery
Australian Light Horse
British Artillery Crew
British Infantry in sun helmet
British Regular/Yeomanry Cavalry
German Artillery Crew
German Infantry 1917/18
Imperial Camel Corp
Indian Army
New Zealanders
The ARAB Revolt
Turkish (ARAB) Infantry
Turkish Artillery Crew
Turkish Horses
Turkish Infantry
Turkish Regular Cavalry
Turkish/German Trench Raiders
Wurtemburg Napoleonic
15mm Fantasy Figures
25mm Fantasy Figures
Books/Rules/Accessories
Painted Ships
Information
Customer Service
Log In / Register
Create Account
General Info
About Us
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Shipping Info
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletters
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
Discounts & Specials
How To Order
Overseas Distributors
Prices - Unpainted
Go To HCH
Contact
About Us
0
- £0.00
Log In / Register
Shopping Cart
- £0.00
Bestsellers
DAA1
- SASSANID CLIBANARIUS£3.50
CON1
- SPANISH HEAVY CAVALRY.£3.50
AZ16
- PEASANT ARCHER£1.00
IMP 1
- LEGIONARY ADVANCING WITH...£1.00
AZ14
- PEASANT£1.00
DBA1
- BYZANTINE CATAPHRACT...£3.50
ASS 1
H. infantry thrusting **£1.00
CON3
- SPANISH SWORDSMAN£3.50
REX6
- SAMURAI ARCHER£1.00
REX8
- SAMURAI£1.00
Discounts & Specials
How To Order
Overseas Distributors
Prices - Unpainted
Go To HCH
Home
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully as it governs
the relationship between us and you and limits our liability to
you when you purchase products from us. By accepting these terms
and conditions you are forming a contract with us and agreeing to
the terms and conditions that appear below. References to
"you" and "your" are to you as an individual.
References to "us", "our" and "we"
are to "Tin Soldier UK".
SALE OF PRODUCTS
1. THE ORDERS
1.1 Each order placed by you with us shall be an offer by you to
us to buy products subject to this agreement.
1.2 No order you place shall be deemed to be accepted by us until
we have received payment from you and have issued confirmation of
the order.
1.3 You must ensure that the terms of your order, including the
address for delivery, are complete and accurate.
1.4 All quotations and advertisements for products given on this
website are given on the basis that no contract for sale shall
come into existence between us and you until we have received
payment from you and issued acknowledgement of your order. Any
quotations or advertisements for products given on this website
may be altered or withdrawn by us at any time.
1.5 We shall endeavour that all orders are met. We do not,
however, guarantee the availability of any product at any time.
1.6 You acknowledge that sometimes products may be withdrawn or
discontinued. We shall make every effort to update the website at
all times, and keep you informed by email, but you understand and
acknowledge that you are responsible for all sales you undertake
with your customers and we cannot be held liable for any failure
or delay to fulfil an order due to products not being reserved by
you, withdrawn or discontinued by us.
1.7 Once an order has been placed by you and accepted by us you
have no right to cancel the order, except at our discretion in
exceptional circumstances. Once we have dispatched the products
we are unable to cancel any orders.
2. DELIVERY
2.1 Delivery of the products shall take place at the delivery
address contained in your order.
2.2 Any dates or times specified by us for delivery of the
products are intended to be estimates only and time of delivery
shall not be of the essence, and shall not be made of the essence
by notice.
2.3 Subject to the other provisions contained in these terms and
conditions, we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or
consequential loss (all three terms which include, without
limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of
business, depletion of reputation or goodwill and similar
losses), costs, damages or expenses caused directly or indirectly
by any delay in the delivery of the products (even if caused by
our negligence).
2.4 If for any reason your customer refuses to accept delivery of
the products, all risk in the products shall pass to you and we
may, at our discretion, charge for return of the products to us,
a storage fee and a redelivery fee to another address nominated
by you.
2.5 The cost of delivery shall be calculated when you place your
order with us and payment shall be due before a dispatch is made.
3. PRICE AND PAYMENT
3.1 Unless otherwise agreed between you and us, the price for the
products shall be the price advertised upon your login on the
website as published on the date of the order.
3.2 The price for the products shall be inclusive of VAT and
inclusive of all fees and charges in relation to packaging,
carriage and insurance to the delivery address.
3.3 Payment for the price of the products shall be due in pounds
sterling at the time of the order.
3.4 Time of payment shall be of the essence and no payment shall
be deemed to be received by us until it has been received in full
and cleared funds.
4. WARRANTIES
4.1 All warranties, conditions and other terms implied by state
or common law are, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
excluded from this Agreement.
4.2 All products carry the warranty stated on the product
description.
4.3 We shall only extend the benefit of the manufacturer's
warranty to you and/or your customer, and do not separately
warranty the products ourselves.
4.4 In the event of the product requiring replacement or repair
under the warranty, you or your customer, must contact the
product manufacturer directly.
5. RETURNS AND REFUND POLICY
5.1 In the event that any order is incorrect, it must be notified
to us within 7 (seven) days after delivery, by either you or your
customer.
5.2 In the case of incorrect orders, the products shall be
returned to us and we shall redeliver the correct order at our
own cost.
5.3 If any products are faulty or defective, they must be
returned to us within 1 (one) month of delivery. We shall replace
the products free of charge and redeliver them to your customer
at our own cost unless your customer requests a refund. In the
event of replacement of any products, the products returned to us
shall become our property.
5.4 If you or your customer requires a refund rather than a
replacement for faulty or defective products, or we are unable to
replace any faulty or defective product, the products must be
returned to us, at our cost, and shall become our property. We
shall refund the price paid, by you to us for the products, to
you. It is your responsibility to inform and refund (or
otherwise) your customer. We shall not be liable for any damages,
costs, losses (including without limitation pure economic loss,
loss of profit, loss of business, interruptions to business,
depletion of goodwill or reputation, and/or loss of commission),
claims or liabilities, whether direct, indirect or consequential,
incurred by you due to our inability to replace the products.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
6.1. These provisions are without prejudice to the other
provisions contained in these terms and conditions.
6.2. All times given for delivery, restocking etc. are estimates
only and we shall not be liable for any damages, costs, losses
(including without limitation pure economic loss, loss of profit,
loss of business, interruptions to business, depletion of
goodwill or reputation, and/or loss of commission), claims or
liabilities, whether direct, indirect or consequential, incurred
by you due to any delay by us, including if such delay was caused
by our negligence.
6.3. Nothing in this agreement shall limit our liability for
death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for any
matter for which it would be illegal for us to attempt to exclude
our liability or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
6.4. Without prejudice to the other provisions of this agreement,
our total liability in contract, tort (including negligence or
breach of statutory duty) misrepresentation, restitution or
otherwise, arising in the performance or contemplated performance
of this Agreement shall be limited to the price of the products
in any single order, if such liability is in relation to the
products, or to the price paid for the subscription, if such
liability is in relation to the services.
6.5. We shall not be liable to you for any pure economic loss,
loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill or
reputation, or similar loss in each case whether direct, indirect
or consequential, or for any claims for consequential
compensation whatsoever (howsoever caused) which arise under or
in connection with this agreement.
GENERAL
7. WAIVER
7.1 If you breach any provision of these terms and conditions or
the terms of use of the website and we ignore this, we shall
still be entitled to use our rights and remedies at a later date
or in any other situation where you breach any provision of these
terms and conditions.
8. ASSIGNMENT
8.1 We may transfer and/or assign our rights or obligations under
these terms and conditions at any time. This will not affect your
rights and/or obligations under the terms and conditions. You are
not permitted to transfer your rights or obligations under these
terms and conditions to any other person.
9. NOTICES
9.1 All notices shall be given to us via email at notices or by
post to Lacey Engineering.
9.2 All notices to you from us shall be delivered by email to the
registration address.
10. INVALIDITY
10.1 If any provision of these terms and conditions is found by
any court, tribunal or administrative body of competent
jurisdiction, to be wholly or partially illegal, invalid, void,
voidable or unenforceable it shall, to such extent, be deemed to
be severable and the remaining provisions of the terms and
conditions and the remainder of the provision shall continue in
full force and effect.
11. PRIVACY
11.1 All information that you provide about yourself to us shall
be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
11.2 You acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by
the terms of our Privacy Policy.
12. VARIATION
12.1 We reserve the right to unilaterally vary these terms and
conditions from time to time. You should regularly check and read
the terms and conditions for any updates and/or amendments. If
you do not agree to any of the updates or amendments at any time
you should cease to use the services.
13. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
13.1 We and you do not intend that any provision in the terms and
conditions shall be enforceable by virtue of the Contracts
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person that is not
party to these terms and conditions.
14. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
14.1 These terms and conditions (as amended from time to time),
together with the terms and conditions of use of the website (as
amended from time to time) and the privacy policy (as amended
from time to time), constitute the entire agreement between you
and us. You should regularly check the terms and conditions of
use of the website and the privacy policy for any updates and/or
amendments.
15. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
15.1 We shall endeavour to resolve any disagreements between us
and you quickly and efficiently. The agreement between you and us
shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you and we
shall both submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
England and Wales.
Back
Shop
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Shipping
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
LinksEssex Miniatures Australia
22 Sydney Road, Hornsby Heights, N.S.W. 2077, Australia
Telephone (612) 9477 6696
Fax (612) 9477 2664
E-mail: essexminiatures@optusnet.co.au
Go to Essex Miniatures
HCH Figures
Painted 25mm Tin Soldier Figures Ranges
Go to HCH Figures
TIN SOLDIER (U.K.)
18 LION LANE
BILLERICAY
ESSEX CM12 9DL
ENGLAND
Copyright © 2020 Tin Soldier UK
Site Map
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use