http://todaysracingdigest.com/index.php?page=privacy
Member Log In
Username:
Password:
Promo Code
(optional)
Forgot Password
Follow @2daysracedigest
The Leader in providing information for Thoroughbred Horse Racing since 1970
Home
Today's Racing Digest Products
Professional Handicapper Reports
FREE Products and Reports
Educational Center
Book Store
Today's Racing Digest Privacy Policy
This Website is owned and operated by Today's Racing Digest, LLC.
We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
Today's Racing Digest: admin@todaysracingdigest.com
We'll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
Our Policy
Today's Racing Digest uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our web site.
Credit Card Information
Protecting our customer’s financial information from
unauthorized access is of paramount importance to us and we are committed to protecting your privacy.  We will never store
your credit card information nor does anybody at Today's Racing Digest have access to it.  Today's Racing Digest employs the latest
data encryption and security technologies to ensure that all customer payment
information remains private. When
you enter your credit card number on our registration form, that information is automatically encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) which is the same secure transmission technology banks use. At no point will anybody at Today's Racing Digest have access to your credit card information, PIN data or security codes.
Collection of Information
Today's Racing Digest collects personal information you provide us when you:
Sign up for or renew your Today's Racing Digest account;
Register to use todaysracingdigest.com or sign up for news or notifications of specials or other promotions on todaysracingdigest.com
Place an order or purchase products or services online, by telephone, mail or facsimile
Contact us for any reason, such as by replying to inquires by mail, fax or through our Web site, by telephone through customer service or in person at any event we are hosting
This information, which ranges from personal data such as name and address to facts about subscribers handicapping skill level and preferences, is then securely stored on separate servers.
Usage of Information
This information is used solely by Today's Racing Digest or other entities who are involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes. We will only share personally identifiable information with third parties when the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it or we are required to by law. We may from time to time utilize this information to offer other services or to identify our sponsors.
We may use this registration information to enable us to process, verify, and confirm subscriptions. We may also give the information to Today's Racing Digest's marketing staff to be used to develop new products and services, and/or provide advertisers with collective, not individual, information about our subscriber base and usage habits.
Today's Racing Digest does not sell our subscriber list or share specific individual information to any outside organizations.
Although, we may send subscribers notifications of new site features, products, and topic based news releases.
Subscribers may change registration information or cancel their subscription at any time.
Research
We may conduct voluntary online surveys.
These surveys are optional and you are not required to fill them out.
If you choose to participate, you'll be asked a series of online questions. Your responses are confidential and will be used for statistical analysis and product development purposes only; no information on an individual's preferences will be shared with any outside organization.
Cookie Usage
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the Today's Racing Digest's Website through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor's ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Today's Racing Digest uses "cookie" technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors' online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Distribution
|
Proprietorship/Disclaimer
|
Account Summary
|   Handicapper Login
© 2020 Today's Racing Digest - All Rights Reserved
Download the FREE Adobe Reader