http://triumphpc.com/privacy/policy.shtml
Privacy Policy
Triumph PC will not share
or sell any personal information obtained from you with any
organization, unless required to do so by law.
Advertisers
Registration Forms
External Links
Public Forums
Security
Children's Guidelines
Choice/Opt-Out
Data Quality/Access
Contacting the Website
Triumph PC ONLINE has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for Triumph PC ONLINE:
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display some adverts on our site. These adverts may
contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received
with banner adverts are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this
information.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration forms
require users to give us contact information (e.g.,
name, email, postal address, etc.), and demographic information (e.g., zip code,
age, etc.). Contact information from registration forms is used for our own
internal demographic records. Some features of this site send out
verification notices and/or thank you messages when a visitor
subscribes or uses the service. The customer's contact information
may also be used in order to contact the visitor if/ when necessary.
In general, however, this site does not send out unsolicited email
or adverts.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to customize our visitor's experience by showing them content that
we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their
preferences.
External Links
This site may contain links to other sites.
Triumph PC ONLINE
is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its
users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes
public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of
the information under our control. All information collected by Triumph PC ONLINE is
securely stored in non-indexed directories of our server and only those with a need
to know are given access to this data.
Children's
Guidelines
Triumph PC ONLINE is a general audience Web site. We care about children and understand
that they have special privacy needs. We ask that children under the age of 13 inform a
parent or guardian whenever they wish to use public chat rooms or message boards. Children
should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone
online. Triumph PC ONLINE does not share personal information about users under the age of
13 with third parties and we do not sell or rent personal information about any of our
users, regardless of age. In addition, Triumph PC ONLINE will not send any direct email
offers to users who indicate they are under the age of 13.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing
information from us . Send email to
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided. Send email to
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
John Lennon Artificial
Intelligence Project | psst!
| saucy Jacky™
ONLINE MESSENGER...next generation instant messaging
Home
| Auctions
| Bookshop
| Casino
Blackjack
| Contact Us
Crossword Puzzle
| Editorial
| Exam
|
FREE Online Business Cards
| Greeting Cards
Hangman Game
| LiveCHAT
|
Message Board
| Proxy-Server
| Taliban-Date
Travelers' Beacon |
Volunteers
| Weather
| Web Search
| Webdesign
Awards
Link to Us | Privacy Policy | About Triumph PC | How to Advertise With Us
Web design © 1997-2020 Triumph PC Group. All rights reserved.