http://usachess.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Active Learning Services, Ltd reserves the right to deny admission to any camper for any program for any reason.
At Active Learning, we value your right to privacy. In order to make your registration convenient and to ensure that we provide the highest quality camp, tournament or instruction experience, we routinely gather information about our campers and students. This policy describes the types of information we gather from those who register with us and how that information is used. Please read this policy carefully before providing us with any personal information. If you have questions about this policy, please e-mail us at info@activelearningcamps.com
We have provided a convenient and easy method to submit on-line registration forms for our camp and school enrichment programs. We encourage you to register with us on-line in order to take advantage of this convenience. However, you may choose not to register and still have full access to our site.
Non-Registered Users
If you do not register, we may collect limited information from you. This information, such as your IP address, may be used to help us locate problems with our server, for purposes of administration of our web site, or periodically to evaluate usage on our web site. It would be extremely difficult for us to identify you through your IP address, and we make no attempt to do so. You may reach our sight through a link from another web site. If you have reached our site in this way, then we may also track that information. This helps us to evaluate how we are utilizing our advertising budgets and ensure that we have the highest possible visibility on the Internet. We may also use this information to analyze the interests of our users so that we may improve our service to you.
We may also place a small file known as a “cookie” on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie may contain information that allows us to track your path through our Web site and to determine whether you have visited us before. We do not use cookies to gather personal information such as name, address, birth date, etc. Unless you complete a registration either by phone, fax, on-line, or by another means, we do not gather such information. Your web browser may provide you with a procedure for removing cookies or for refusing to accept them. This may cause our site (or other sites) to behave strangely. Because we are using cookies only to improve monitor our web site, or gather statistics about visitors to the site, and cookies don’t provide us with any personal identification, we recommend that permit us to place one on your computer.
You may be able to visit our site from another linked site or from a site operated by one of our partners. If you have registered with that partner, this process may allow certain of your registration information to be transmitted to us. Other sites can provide us information only in accordance with the privacy policy on their Web sites. While we can’t ensure compliance by them you should review that policy carefully to evaluate what information may be sent and how it may be used.
Any time you reach our site from another site, and then you register with us, we may be required to supply information to that partner. We will provide data only in accordance with this policy. We cannot control how that third party partner uses the information. If you transfer to our site from another site, we encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy of that site before providing information to us.
The easiest way to control how your information is used is to visit our site directly (Instead of through a third party partner site). Information supplied directly will be used in accordance with this policy.
Registration
If you register with us for a chess camp, video game creation camp, animation camp, school chess program, tournament, school instruction, or for another reason, we will gather certain information about you, including name, address, internet address, telephone number, age, and other information. We use this information to properly staff our chess camps, school chess programs and computer enrichment programs, to provide quality instructors, to ensure that we have adequate equipment such as chess boards, pieces, trophies, t-shirts and computers on hand and in other ways designed to improve your overall experience with the Active Learning Services, Ltd chess camps and computer enrichment camps. The information we collect will be limited to that information you manually provide when you register. In order to make our communication with you more efficient, we may store some or all of this data in a cookie on your computer. In this way we may be able to determine when you visit our site. Our web site may be able to identify you when you visit and we may be able to custom tailor current or future communication and programming to your preferences and to use the web site without having to re-enter data.
You may be able to visit our site from another linked site or from a site operated by one of our partners If you have registered with that partner, this process may allow certain of your registration information to be transmitted to us Other sites can provide us information only in accordance with the privacy policy on their Web sites. While we cannot ensure compliance by them you should review that policy carefully to evaluate what information may be sent and how it may be used.
Any time you reach our site from another site, and then you register with us, we may be required to supply information to that partner. We will provide data only in accordance with this policy. We cannot control how that third party partner uses the information. If you transferred to our site from another site, we encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy of that site before providing information to us.
Use of the information.
As we indicated earlier, we use your information to tailor or services and communications to you and your interest and to gather information on students, campers, or tournament participants to ensure proper staffing, improve our service offerings, develop programs geared to our registered customers, and for other purposes.
We may use the information you provide to send e-mail or other reminders of upcoming events, chess camps, chess tournaments, school chess programs or Gamebuilder video game creation camps in your area.  By contacting us at the numbers listed on the contact page, you can request to be removed, should you decide that you no longer wish to receive these e-mail updates.
We may also use the information to inform you of changes to this privacy policy or other policy or administrative communication.
Occasionally, we may use your registration information to inform you of special offers or to provide you advertising that you may find interesting.  We would direct this advertising to you only if it is relevant to the information you have supplied. In this way, you are limited to advertising that is directed at your interest and our advertising is more effective.
Information Disclosure
Active Learning Services, Ltd will not sell any personally identifiable information to any third party, other than to partners as previously discussed. We may provide information about groups of registrants or aggregated information that does not contain personal information by individual, or we may provide information in such a way that identification of an individual from the data is not possible. This information may be used for marketing, promotional or other purposes.
We may also be required to provide information in response to a government or law enforcement request, subpoena, or other legal process. While this is unlikely, we will provide only the specific information requested and only to the extent required or only as recommended by our legal counsel. We will not simply submit your information without first determining that we are legally required to do so in response to a legal requirement or to avoid a violation of the law. By accepting this policy you give your consent to us to provide such information if in our sole discretion it is necessary for this purpose, to mitigate or reduce potential liability to us, or to protect or enforce rights we may have.
Information gathered by us may be used (but only in accordance with this policy) by related or companies under common control, or for use by potential acquirers or investors in evaluating an investment, merger, or acquisition of Active Learning Services or its affiliates. We will request those that have been provided this information that they abide by this policy.
While we will take measures to ensure the privacy of your information, transmission of data over the internet is vulnerable to inappropriate or illegal use. We cannot ensure that your information will not be intercepted and used inappropriately, particularly before it arrives at our site and after it leaves our site.
We may make periodic changes to this policy. Some of these changes may be significant. If we decide that we should make a significant change to this policy we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes and give you an opportunity to request removal of your information provided to us on this web-site Refund Policy: Chess Camp Programs: A full refund minus a $25 service fee is given if cancellation request is received 30 days before the camp. After this, refunds will not be given. If a child is sick and is unable to attend the camp, a doctors note is required for a refund minus the service fee to be given. Switching sessions or camps is permitted based on space available. There will be a $25 change fee accessed for any change to camp session.
Use of Photographs:
From time to time Active Learning may take photographs of the students for purposes of providing individual and group photos to parents as part of the camp offering.  Additionally, Active Learning may use photographs, videos, written extraction and voice recordings of camp or school program participants for the purpose of illustrations and publications including the Active Learning Services website. By registering for a camp or school program, you consent to the use of these images, recordings, etc. for the above purposes.
Refund Policy:
School Chess Programs: School chess programs are scheduled for an entire semester or in some cases a defined eight-week session. We must therefore commit an instructor based upon registrations for the entire term. We cannot, therefore prorate, or adjust the semester chess or school program fee for weeks missed by a student or refund the semester fee except in unusual circumstances. Refunds will be provided only at the discretion of Active Learning Services, Ltd.
Computer Enrichment Camps (Gamebuilder Video Game Creation Camp, Scratch Animation): A full refund minus a $25 service fee is given if cancellation request is received 30 days before the camp. After this, refunds will not be given. If a child is sick and is unable to attend the camp, a doctor’s note is required for a refund minus the service fee to be given. Switching sessions or camps are permitted based on space available. There will be a $25 change fee accessed for any change to camp session
Disciplinary Policy
We do not anticipate any disciplinary problems during the camp, but we still must set standards. A Camp Code of Conduct is provided to each camper to set the standard. If a disciplinary problem arises within a camp or school program, the camper will receive one warning and a phone call home to their parents. If a second disciplinary problem arises, that camper could be expelled from the camp without any financial credit. If a camper’s behavior becomes so severe or endangers other campers, immediate expulsion from camp without phone calls, warnings, or financial credit may be necessary.
stay updated with us:
Facebook
Twitter
Instgram
Youtube
Navigation
Home
About Us
About Us
Our Philosophy
Testimonials
Newsletter
News & Updates
Chess Camps
School Programs
Staff
Contact Us