http://westcoastatc.com/privacypolicy.shtml
HOME
CALENDAR
FILE LIBRARY
MESSAGE BOARDS
PROPS RACING
PILOT ROSTER
VIRTUAL AIRLINES
JOIN OUR COMMUNITY
JOIN OUR ATC TEAM
NEW VIRTUAL AIRLINE
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
HOW TO CONNECT
FAQS & HELP
CALL
SIGN
PASSWORD
REMEMBER ME
LOST PASSWORD?
LOST CALLSIGN?
WARNING: Query could not be executed; Incorrect integer value: '' for column 'userid' at row 1 (
REPLACE INTO activeusers (ip, lastseen, userid)
VALUES ('72.182.10.230', '1607665836', '')
).
West
Coast ATC  Privacy
Policy
Updated as of 8/19/10
WestCoastATC is committed to protecting your personal privacy.
This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information that
are collected by WestCoastATC on its web sites, and how we
use and protect it. This Policy also explains the choices
that you can make about the way your information is collected
and used. This Policy applies to all web sites operated
by WestCoastATC, and it does not apply to banners and other
advertisements or promotions that we may sponsor or participate
in on web sites owned by third parties.
Our Privacy Policy governs, superceedes, and acts in force
for all the sites including their respective subdomains
which are publically visible and accessible as services
offered by or delivered from WestCoastATC. (See Applicable
Sites below).
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By using our web sites, you signify that you agree with
the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted as
well as the terms of our Terms and Conditions. If you
do not agree with any term in this Policy or our Terms
and Conditions, please do not use this site or provide
any Personal Information to us.
The Information We Collect
As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means
any information that is linked to your identity such as
your name, street address, telephone number, screen name,
age and/or email address. The site you entered may collect
some or all of these types of Personal Information through
a contest, survey, promotion, or a registration form. Some
of our web sites may require registration and disclosure
of particular information such as street address in order
for you to participate. In order to register on our sites,
we may require you to disclose your name, zip code, email
address, birth date and gender. WestCoastATC will not collect
any Personal Information from your visits to our sites
unless you provide your Personal Information to us voluntarily,
and we will not require you to provide more information
than is necessary to participate in our web sites' activities.
We also do not collect financial or other sensitive data
information about our users.
When you provide us with Personal Information, you are
authorizing us to use that information in accordance with
the terms of this Privacy Policy, which includes your right
to limit our use of your Personal Information as described
in this Policy.
The web site you entered may also collect Personal Information
from you about a third party (e.g., the site might allow
you to send an email or message to a friend, in which case
we will need that person's name and email address). Please
note that we use such information only for the specified
purpose (e.g., to deliver the email message) and we will
not contact the third party again by email unless and until
the third party contacts us or provides permission to do
so.
The Way We Use Personal Information
When you supply Personal Information at a WestCoastATC web
site, we will use it for the purpose for which it was
collected (e.g., forum community notifications or to
fulfill the delivery of a prize or product order) in
accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We
may also use it to contact you regarding promotions or
other products and services, which may be requested by
or otherwise of interest to you. At any time, however,
you may opt out of such contact by setting your notification
preferences in your account settings (See Manage Your
Personal Information; Unsubscribe below) or by following
the unsubscribe instructions that are included in each
email. We also use Personal Information to keep track
of a user's activities on our sites, to statistically
analyze web site usage, to improve our web site features,
design and content and to refine our marketing strategies.
WestCoastATC's primary goal in collecting and using Personal
Information is to give you a meaningful and customized
experience while you are using our web sites as well as
to promote our products and services in a cost effective
and efficient manner.
Collection and Use of Other Information; Use of Cookies
You may have heard of "cookies," which are small
files or pieces of information that are stored by your
browser on your computer's hard drive when you visit a
web site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and
you will find them at most web sites. WestCoastATC employs
the use of cookies to set your site enabled preferences
and to maintain your logged-in status while passing through
the various areas and activities of the web sites in which
you may participate. WestCoastATC does not automatically collect
any Personal Information through the use of cookies and
we do not use cookies to track your habits, useage, participation,
or otherwise any activity pertaining to you personally.
Anonymous
information about your computer, such as your IP address
(a number assigned to your computer whenever
you surf the Internet), the type of Internet browser you
are using, and the type of computer operating system you
are using may also be collected by us using cookies. Web
servers, the computers that "serve up" web pages,
automatically identify your computer by its IP address.
When you request a page from this web site, our servers
log your IP address.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If
you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to
alert you when cookies are being sent. Refusal of cookies
at the site you entered may result in an inability to visit
certain areas of the web sites or to receive personalized
information when you visit the web sites.
With Whom We May Share Information
In the course of doing business we do not share your Personal
Information including email address with any third parties.
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information
about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors,
and other third parties. For example, we may tell a business
partner the number of men and the number of women that
visit our sites, but we do not disclose Personal Information
about such aggregrate data in violation of this Privacy
Policy.
Except
as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, transfer
or disclose your Personal Information. Our intention
is to limit or prohibit the sharing of Personal Information
provided to us in ways that are different than the ways
described above without also providing you with an opportunity
to "unsubscribe" or prohibit such unrelated uses.
We may also release your Personal Information including
email address if required to do so by law, or by search
warrant, subpoena or court order, or to a third party to
which ownership of WestCoastATC is transferred via an acquisition,
merger, sale of assets or otherwise.
Manage Your Personal Information; Unsubscribe
You are ultimately in control of the Personal Information
that we collect and use. We want to keep your data complete,
up to date and accurate. WestCoastATC provides its users
with the following options to manage their Personal Information
including email address that is in reasonably retrievable
form in our database:
Online
management: Visit your "Profile Settings" or
similar section of the site where you can manage your Personal
Information including email address and/or subscribe to
or unsubscribe from our database.
The
Following help section is available for your reference:
Help
Section
You
may access your settings directly using these links:
Change
Your Email Address
--
Change Notification Setting
Data Protection and Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions to keep your
Personal Information including email address secure.
All access to the information we collect is subject to
physical, electronic and managerial restrictions to prevent
unauthorized access, modification or misuse. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, we cannot guarantee the security of any
information you disclose online, and you do so at your
own risk.
Important Note about Children's Information
Please note that we do not collect any Personal Information
from any person under the age of thirteen years of age.
In addition, we reserve the right to limit participation
in particular programs or promotions to visitors 18 years
of age or older
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
WestCoastATC reserves the right to change or remove this Privacy
Policy at our discretion. We will post any changes to
this Policy including email practices or any new policy
here and we encourage you to visit this area frequently
to stay informed. If there is any material change in
the type of information we collect or way in which we
use such information including email address, then we
will obtain your permission before we make any such change.
Links to Other Web Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on this web site
you could be directed to other sites that are beyond
our control. There may be links to other web sites that
include links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners
that may use the WestCoastATC brand or logo. These other
web sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise
collect data or solicit Personal Information. Always
be aware of where you are surfing on the Web. Check the
linked site to locate and review its privacy policy,
which may be different from this Privacy Policy. WestCoastATC
does not endorse and makes no guarantee or representation
as to the sufficiency, accuracy or completeness of the
content or privacy policy of any third-party web site
to which you may be linked from this site.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy
Policy or the collection of information, please send
an email to webmaster@domain.com where domain.com is
the site you are contacting us about.
Applicable Web Sites
This Privacy Policy applies to the web sites operated and
managed by WestCoastATC, including but not limited to:
combatace.com; biohazcentral.com; biohazcentral.net;
touch-buddy.com;
mirage-factory.com; westcoastatc.com; westcoastatc.net;
propsracing.com; eastcoastatc.com; column5.us, and others
that may be added in the future.
Important Note Regarding U.S. Law
Please note: The laws and regulations in different countries
impose different (and even conflicting) requirements
on the Internet and data protection. We are located in
the USA, as are the servers that make this site available
worldwide. All matters relating to this site are governed
by the laws of the State of Illinois in the USA. If you
are located in the European Economic Area and you contact
us, please note that any information you provide will
be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information
you authorize this transfer.
© Copyright
2003 - 2010 WestCoastATC.com
All Rights Reserved
HOME |
TERMS AND CONDITIONS |
PRIVACY POLICY |
MESSAGE BOARDS |
CALENDAR |
PILOT LIST |
VIRTUAL AIRLINES |
PILOT JOIN |
CONTROLLER JOIN |
ABOUT |
CONTACT