http://winning-moves.com/privacy
Home
Shopping Cart
Log In
Best Sellers
Card Games
Children Games
Family Games
New 2020 Games!
Rubik's
Specials
Mobile Website
Enter Keyword(s)
in
All FieldsNameDescriptionPart # (Contains)Part # (Starts With)
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for Winning-Moves.com
I. Information Collection and Use
Winning Moves Games is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Winning Moves Games collects information from our consumers at 3 different different points on our web site; newsletter registration, feedback form and check-out.
II. Registration
If a consumer wishes to receive a Newsletter from Winning Moves Games, they may sign up here. During registration a consumer is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the consumer about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
III. Order
We request information from the consumer on our order form. A consumer must provide contact information, such as name and shipping address, and financial information, such as credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing and order fulfillment purposes. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the consumer.
IV. Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze site trends. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
V. Sharing
We will not share any information gathered on our web site with any third party agencies. We use an outside credit card processing company to bill consumer orders. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
VI. Communications
There are three types of communication that will occur between Winning Moves Games and the consumer if they perform certain tasks:
If the consumer places an order, they will receive a confirmation email with their order information.
If a consumer wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for the privacy of our consumers we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below.
If a consumer fills out the feedback form, we will send a Thank You email and address the inquiry.
VII. Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information from consumers via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the consumer has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact and demographic information. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
VIII. Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our consumers information. When consumers submit sensitive information via the web site, it is protected both online and off-line.
When our order form asks consumerss to enter sensitive information, such as credit card number, that information is encrypted and is protected with a software package called - SSL. While on a secure page the lock icon on the bottom of a Web browsers becomes locked.
All consumer information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk.
When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, you can send an email to wmoves@winning-moves.com.
IX. Choice/Opt-out
Consumers who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking here
X. Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Privacy Statement. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify consumers by email. Consumers will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Winning Moves Games at (800) 664-7788 x114
Return to Top
Tweets by @WinningMovesUSA
Winning Moves Games USA
NEWSLETTER
Stay up to date on the latest news from Winning Moves Games by signing up for our Newsletter!
Sign Up Now!
Consumer Support
Contact Us
Replacement Parts
Rules & Score Sheets
Privacy
Shipping
Retailer Support
2020 Fall Supplement
2020 Catalog
Product Safety
Company Info
About Us
Environmental
Inventors
Store Locator
Winning Moves Games, Inc. |
75 Sylvan Street, Suite C-104, Danvers, MA 01923 | (800) 664-7788
Ecommerce & ERP Integration by Website Pipeline