http://wobbleworks.com/privacy
Privacy Statement for Wobbleworks LLC
This Privacy Statement is intended to describe the Wobbleworks LLC privacy practices related to information collected on our website (http://wobbleworks.com) and in our application product line.
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement allows you to make informed decisions related to our website and products.
We only collect anonymous information.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We collect or share your location only with permission.
In serving you, we may use your precise geographic location, if you give us permission to do so. This information is used to provide location-specific features to your application, such as to download public information to display your local terrain in the app. We do not store any location data. We do not use or share this data for any other purpose. Many devices will indicate through an icon when location services are operating.
We do not store personal data for any users.
We do not store personal data for any users of our website. Any information used by our product is stored local to the app, and is not accessed by the company. Information stored in iCloud is private to users and is not accessible to us.
We don't share your personal data with other companies.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies. This includes any information stored in the products we distribute.
No ad companies collect data through our service.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting. Our product line does not use advertising services, nor does our web site.
We take steps to protect personal information.
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on September 24, 2014. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:privacy(this
part is to confuse spam robots -- remove it)@(this part too)wobbleworks.com.
Luminos | Interests | User's Guide | Support | Media Kit | Comet ISON
© 2014 Wobbleworks LLC, a California company • Privacy Policy