http://www.westlondonchess.com/home/privacy-policy
Search this sitePrivacy PolicyDATA PRIVACY POLICY 1. About this Policy 1.1
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about our members, how we use it and how we keep it secure and your rights in relation to it. 1.2
We may collect, use and store your personal data, as described in this Data Privacy Policy and as described when we collect data from you. 1.3
We reserve the right to amend this Data Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. You are advised to check our website www.westlondonchess.com regularly for any amendments (but amendments will not be made retrospectively). 1.4
We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when dealing with your personal data. Further details on the GDPR can be found at the website for the Information Commissioner (www.ico.gov.uk). For the purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “controller” of all personal data we hold about you. 2. Who are we?2.1We are West London Chess Club. We can be contacted atThe Chiswick Town Hallandy@andyhayler.com+44 77689407893.What information we collect and why. Type of information Member's name, telephone numbers, e-mail address(es). Purposes Managing the Member’s membership of the Club. Legal basis of processing Performing the Club’s contract with the Member.For the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating the Club. The Member’s name and e-mail address Creating and managing the Club's online Membership Directory. Consent. We will seek the Member’s consent on their membership application form and each membership renewal form. The Member may withdraw their consent at any time by contacting us by e-mail or letter to tell us that they no longer wish their details to appear in the Membership Directory. Name, e-mail address and telephone number of each Club Officer Name, e-mail address and telephone number of each Club committee member Information published on Club’s website, in Club’s newsletter and other publications, in the Club’s marketing materials and made available to the RYA, in each case as a point of contact at the Club Information published on Club’s website For the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating and promoting the Club For the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating and promoting the Club 4. How we protect your personal data 4.1
We will not transfer your personal data outside the EU without your consent. 4.2
We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personal data from loss, misuse, or unauthorised alteration or destruction. 4.3
Please note however that where you are transmitting information to us over the internet this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
4.4
We will notify you promptly in the event of any breach of your personal data which might expose you to serious risk. 5. Who else has access to the information you provide us? 5.1
We will never sell your personal data. We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where we are required to do so by law or as set out in the table above or in paragraph 5.2. 5.2
We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (e.g. to print newsletters and send you mailings). We do this for the purpose of our legitimate interests in operating the Club and for performing our contract with you. However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes. It is possible that third parties may themselves engage others (sub- processors) to process your data. Where this is the case third parties will be required to have contractual arrangements with their sub-processor(s) that ensure your information is kept secure and not used for their own purposes. 6. How long do we keep your information? 6.1
We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a member of the Club and for as long afterwards as it is in the Clubs’ legitimate interest to do so or for as long as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will review your personal data every year to establish whether we are still entitled to process it. If we decide that we are not entitled to do so, we will stop processing your personal data except that we will retain your personal data in an archived form in order to be able to comply with future legal obligations e.g. compliance with tax requirements and exemptions, and the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 6.2
We securely destroy all financial information once we have used it and no longer need it. 7. Your rights7.1You have rights under the GDPR: (a)
to access your personal data (b)
to be provided with information about how your personal data is processed (c)
to have your personal data corrected (d)
to have your personal data erased in certain circumstances (e)
to object to or restrict how your personal data is processed (f) to have your personal data transferred to yourself or to another business in certain circumstances. 7.2 You have the right to take any complaints about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ 0303 123 1113. Information Commissioner's Office Wycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshire SK9 5AF For more details, please address any questions, comments and requests regarding our data processing practices to our Data Protection Manager, currently Andy Hayler andy@andyhayler.com If you have any queries, questions or comments on the information contained in this leaflet, kindly contact the Club Secretary above. Report abuseGoogle SitesReport abuse