http://www.alumilite.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Alumilite Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.alumilite.com (the “Web Site”), which is owned and maintained by Polytek® Development Corp. (“Polytek®”). This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the Web Site. It will notify you of the following:
What information is collected from you through the Web Site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your information.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Polytek® is the sole owner of the information collected on the Web Site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, contact forms, orders forms, or other direct contact from you. In most cases, we collect limited personal information, such as name, address, telephone number and/or your email address.  In cases where you order any products from the Web Site, we may collect other personal information such as account numbers in order to complete the transaction.  We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request to Polytek such as to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this Privacy Policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our Web Site:
See what information we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any information we have about you.
Have us delete any information we have about you on www.alumilite.com.
Express any concern you have about our use of your information.
Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Web Site, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card information), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a reasonably secure environment.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this Web Site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to the Web Site and identify repeat visitors to the Web Site. For instance, cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the Web Site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on the Web Site.
SMS/MMS MOBILE MESSAGING MARKETING PROGRAM
We respect your privacy. We will only use information you provide through the Program to transmit your mobile messages and respond to you, if necessary. This includes, but is not limited to, sharing information with platform providers, phone companies, and other vendors who assist us in the delivery of mobile messages. WE DO NOT SELL, RENT, LOAN, TRADE, LEASE, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER FOR PROFIT ANY PHONE NUMBERS OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THE PROGRAM TO ANY THIRD PARTY. Nonetheless, We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect Our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide Us information in connection with the Program, you agree to provide accurate, complete, and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If, in Our sole discretion, We believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete, or you have opted into the Program for an ulterior purpose, We may refuse you access to the Program and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users of the Program that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of the information you provide through the Program to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at the following address:
Alumilite Corporation 1458 S 35th Street Galesburg, MI 49053 269-488-4000
This Privacy Policy is strictly limited to the Program and has no effect on any other privacy policy(ies) that may govern the relationship between you and Us in other contexts.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 269-488-4000 or info@alumilite.com.
×
OK