http://www.igt.com/privacy-notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Help improve Game Search?
Sad
Okay
Happy
Share
Effective March 2020
Welcome to the IGT Privacy Notice.
As the world's leading end-to-end gaming company, International Game Technology PLC, and its subsidiaries (“IGT”) are committed to data privacy and will comply with applicable data protection laws and regulation. This Privacy Notice describes IGT’s collection and use of your Personal Data when you visit this website and your rights. We encourage you to read this Privacy Notice carefully along with the website Terms of Use before using this website. By using this website, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to information collected through others means such as by telephone or in person.
This website may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the security, privacy practices, the content, etc. of such websites. If you visit a website from a link on IGT’s website this Privacy Notice does not apply. The privacy terms of the visited website will govern the use of that website.
You are under no obligation to provide us with your personal data or consent to the processing as described in this Privacy Notice. However, your choosing not to agree with these terms or to cease your membership/subscriptions at a later time, may limit your ability to receive certain services or information.
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in accordance with the principles described in this notice, our evolving business needs, or changes in applicable laws or regulations.
Information we collect about you
PERSONAL INFORMATION
With your consent, we may collect the following information:
Contact Us webpage:
your first and last names, email address, company, phone number; and
your comments under the Contact Us webpage to answer your request.
Investor Relations webpage:
your email address.
Gaming and Gaming Support webpages:
When you log into your account
your login credentials (email address or username and password).
When registering for a member account:
your company including country, region, city and name;
your contact information including first, middle and last names, title and job title, department, landline, mobile phone and fax numbers; and
a quality password and the reason for access from a drop list.
INFORMATION ABOUT WEB TECHNOLOGIES USED
We use web technologies, which may include “cookies” to gather, with your consent, information which helps us understand how you use our website. A cookie is a small text file composed of letters and numbers that is stored on your device. A cookie may be persistent to keep your profile and preferences or may expire at the end of a browser session. We use non-persistent cookies (which expire at the end of the browser session) to determine your usage of this website. We track activities of our logged-in account members. We may also track click events on certain graphics and data attributes.
Your device may allow you to disable cookies and similar web artifacts by setting your browser preferences.
INFORMATION FROM MONITORING TOOLS
We use the capabilities of your browser and Google Analytics and Sitecore to collect, with your consent, basic site traffic information about your usage of this website. By visiting this website, we may automatically gather and store the following information including, but not limited to the following:
Device/machine type
Button clicks
Type of browser and operating system you are using
Date and time of your visit on this website
Webpages or services accessed at this website
How we use information we collect about you
We may use your information for purposes, including but not limited to the following:
To respond and/or follow up on your requests
To send you news releases and marketing information when you subscribe
To provide you with email alerts related to investor relations when you subscribe
To create your member account and provide you with gaming support
To improve your website experience and customize the services we provide to you
To comply with applicable laws and regulations or to respond to a public authority request
To protect our rights or the integrity of this website
We may also de-identify, combine, or aggregate any of the information we collect to perform analytics.
We will not use your Personal Data for purposes that are incompatible with the purposes for which we originally received your information without your express consent.
We will retain your information only as long as you are a registered member of this website or use our services and as necessary for us to comply with a public authority, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and as otherwise reasonably necessary for our business purposes for which it was collected including but not limited to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Sharing Personal Data with third parties
We will not sell or lease your Personal Data to third parties without your consent.
We may disclose your information to categories of IGT recipients. Some of the IGT recipients include but are not limited to the following:
the investor relations group;
the marketing group; and
the gaming support group.
We may disclose your information to IGT affiliates and other business partners such as NASDAQ.
We may disclose your information to other entities in the event IGT considers or goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of all or a portion of our assets, as your Personal Data might be among the data and assets affected.
We may also disclose your information when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the integrity of the website, prevent harm to other visitors or protect your safety, investigate fraud or breaches of a contract or a law, or respond to a legal process or a request from a public authority.
International Transfer of Personal Data
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be stored and processed on servers located outside of the country where you are based without an Adequacy Decision. We store your information in our facilities such as Reno, Nevada for support activities as well as on Amazon Web Services located in Portland, Oregon, U.S.A and Dublin, Ireland and other third-party service providers to facilitate your connectivity in accessing our services from multiple devices.
Please note that when you are visiting an IGT website from a country other than the country in which our servers are located, the exchange of information between your location and this website will necessarily result in a cross-border transfer of that information.
Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the protections described in this Privacy Notice. We may also use certain legal frameworks relating to international data transfer, such as the European Union Model Clauses.
Retention and Security
We take necessary steps to implement appropriate and effective measures to comply with this Privacy Notice and our obligations under applicable laws.
We have security measures in place to protect against unauthorized access, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data
To protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your Personal Data in our custody, we maintain physical, logical, and procedural safeguards in compliance with internationally recognized standards and other industry specific security best practices.
Your Personal Data is retained for as long as your member account remains active or until you ask us to erase your Personal Data. After your member account is deleted, or you ask us to delete your Personal Data, your Personal Data will only be retained as is required by applicable law.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may have the right to:
Access to your Personal Data: You may contact us to provide you with details on the data that has been collected about you and how such data is being processed by us.
Receive your Personal Data: You may contact us to provide you with a copy of your Personal Data that we have.
Object to, or Restrict, use of your Personal Data: If at any point you believe that your Personal Data is being processed unlawfully, you may contact us to stop or cease any such processing including for automated-decision making, profiling and marketing.
Change or Correct your Personal Data: By accessing your profile or account, you have the right to change or correct your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You may also contact us to update or correct your information.
Erase your Personal Data: You may contact us to erase or delete all or some of your Personal Data.
Withdraw your consent: At any time, you may contact us to withdraw consent that you have previously given in relation to the processing. If you withdraw your consent, then we will stop all associated processing activities and may close your account and/or delete any data we are not legally obligated to keep.
Give instructions on the use of your information upon death: You or your heirs may contact us to give instructions on the use of your information upon your death.
If we receive from you a formal written complaint regarding your personal data, we respond by contacting you. We will work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the processing of your information that we cannot resolve with you directly.
In addition, in some jurisdictions, you can complain to the applicable Data Protection Authority if you are unsatisfied with our response to your concerns.
Children’s Information
IGT does not and will not intentionally collect information, including Personal Data, from children.
Glossary
Definitions
IGT, we, our and us means International Game Technology PLC and its subsidiaries.
Adequacy Decision refers to a legally-binding act of the European Commission binding on the members of the European Union concerning the adequacy of protection of personal data provided by local legislation in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and allowing the cross-border transfer of personal data from the EEA to these countries.
Personal Data means data relating to a living individual who can be identified from that data (or from that data and other information in our possession). Personal Data can be factual (e.g., a name, address/location or date of birth) or it can be an opinion held by or about that person, their actions and behavior.
Process and Processing refers to any activity involving the use of Personal Data. It includes obtaining, recording or holding the Personal Data, or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the Personal Data including organizing, amending, retrieving, using, disclosing, erasing or destroying it. Processing also includes transferring or making Personal Data available to another party.
How You Can Contact Us
If you have any concern about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, please contact us:
International Game Technology PLC (IGT)
66 Seymour Street
London, U.K. Wh2 5BT
Phone +44 02075353200
Email at privacy@igt.com or to Kate Szorc (EU Representative) at Katarzyna.Przybysz@IGT.com
By clicking “Close” or continuing to use our site, you acknowledge that you accept our new
Privacy Notice
and Terms of Use.
We also use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website.
You can find out more about the cookies we use and learn how to manage them here.
Close
Remove GDPR Cookie