https://www.area00.com/info/privacy.nus
Your path: Home > Privacy Policy
About
|
Forums
Privacy Policy
Statement of Privacy
EFFECTIVE DATE: Jun 8, 2012
We want all members to feel save and secure here at Area00.com.
The following Area00.com Policy demonstrates Area00's intent and commitment to protect customer's rights on Area00.com.
Profile information will be used to create personalized content and service on Area00.com. Area00.com may also use your profile to generate aggregate reports and market research.
All profile data stored by Area00.com has been entered solely by the respective customer.
Customers can modify registration data associated with their account, and can control selected private information from being disclosed on their member page.
Area00.com message communications are only accessible by the designated recipients with the exception of Area00.com staff. Area00.com staff may at any time read Area00.com communications to determine possible instances of cheating.
Area00.com staff will be clearly identified on the main page of Area00.com. All instances of staff impersonation, either in the game or outside of the game should be reported to Area00.com by email to support@area00.com immediately.
Area00.com sets cookies for the functioning of the website and to enable gathering information (non-personal information,
ie. not including private information such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number)
on your use of the website.
Area00.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Area00.com website. These companies may use cookies with information (non-personal information,
ie. not including private information such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number)
about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies, click here for more information or you can opt-out here.
Copyright © 1999-2020 A00 Studios. All rights reserved. Founded by Tony Choe.
Terms of Service |
In-Game Rules |
Privacy Policy |
Copyright Statement