https://www.grandsierraresort.com/terms-of-use/
Book Now, Opens in New Window
Sidebar Nav
Close Sidebar Nav
Search
Hotel and RV Park
The A Tower (AAA® Four Diamond)
The Summit Tower
The Concierge Tower
Rooms
Suites
Luxury Suites
Hotel Deals & Packages
Best Rate Guarantee
RV Park
Hotel Amenities
Casino
Infinity Rewards
Casino Events
Infinity High Limit
Casino Games
The Poker Room
Race & Sportsbook
Casino Credit Application
Entertainment & Nightlife
Concerts, Shows & Events
Venues
Nightlife
Dining
Restaurant Row
Fine Dining
Family & Casual Dining
In-Room Dining
Bars & Lounges
Activities
The Ice Rink
The Pool
Fun Quest
Bowling Center
Grand Adventure Land
Grand Bay Driving Range
Grand Sierra Cinema
Escape Room – Break Through
Max Action Arena
Shopping
Local Events & Things To Do
Pool & Spa
The Pool
The Ice Rink
Spa at Grand Sierra Resort
Meetings & Weddings
Meetings & Conventions
Weddings at Grand Sierra Resort
775-789-2000
Infinity Rewards Login
Buy Gift Cards, Opens in New Window
Make a Reservation
Best Rate Guarantee
Arrival Date:
Departure Date:
1 Adult
2 Adults
3 Adults
4 Adults
Get Best Rates
Club Grand Offers–Click Here, Opens in New Window
Make a Reservation
Best Rate Guarantee
1 Adult
2 Adults
3 Adults
4 Adults
Get Best Rates
Infinity Rewards Offers–Click Here
Grand Sierra ResortTerms of Use
PLEASE READ THIS TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. YOUR ACCESS OF THESE WEB SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ABIDE BY THESE PROVISIONS.
1. Use of the Sites
These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to the web site of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. We encourage you to read the Terms and Conditions of Use carefully as it controls your use and access to the Site, now and in the future. However, Grand Sierra Resort and Casino expressly reserves the right to modify the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time by posting an updated version of the Terms and Conditions of Use on the Site. Therefore, you should periodically review the Terms and Conditions of Use. Your continued use of this Site constitutes your consent to the current Terms and Conditions of Use posted at the time of your visit.
Do not use Grand Sierra Resort and Casino site if you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use.
2. No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
The Site may be used only for lawful purposes. Your access and use of this Site is also governed by all applicable federal, state, and local laws. Transmission, distribution or storage of material or conduct in violation of any applicable local, state, provincial, federal or foreign law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, any material that is obscene, defamatory or libelous, constitutes an illegal threat, violates rights of privacy or publicity, or infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights.
As a condition of your use of the Site, you represent and warrant that you will not use the Site for any unlawful purpose or in violation of any provision of the Terms and Conditions of Use. You further represent and warrant that you will not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you represent and warrant that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior written consent from an authorized Grand Sierra Resort and Casino representative (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search web sites to direct Internet users to the Site).
In the event of any unlawful or offensive use of content of the Site, we reserve the right to modify or remove any and all content, functionality, and links contained on the Site. If we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that you have violated any provision of the Terms and Conditions of Use or any applicable law, we may, at any time, terminate, restrict, or modify all or part of your access, times of availability, and required equipment and software for use of the Site, and take any action in response to such violation.
3. Content of Sites
The content on this Site is the property of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. While we strive to keep the content of the Site up-to-date, we do not warrant or guarantee that the information appearing on the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, or error-free. The Site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors regarding product and service descriptions, availability, dates and pricing. We reserve the right to correct or update any errors or omissions and to periodically change any information at our sole and absolute discretion without any prior notice to you. Nothing in this Site shall be considered to be a binding offer by Grand Sierra Resort and Casino, and we reserve the right to change any information posted on this Site at any time for any reason without notice to you.
4. Use of the Site by Minors
This Site is not intended for use by any person under the age of 21. [See the Privacy Policy] Any use of this Site by persons under the age of 21 should only be under the direct supervision of that minor’s parent or legal guardian.
5. Intellectual Property Rights; Limited License
a. Proprietary Content; CopyrightsYou acknowledge that all right, title and interest in and to all content on the Site, including all information, data, video, audio, graphics, logos, button icons, software and other materials contained on or that make up the Site, is the sole and exclusive property of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
b. Limited LicenseYou may access the Sites’ content for your personal use only. You may not copy, upload, download, post, transmit, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, or otherwise create derivative works from any of the content contained on the Site, except you may print copies of our Site for your personal use. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, and forms) of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino without the prior written consent of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing our name, trademarks, service marks, or trade names without the prior written consent of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. You may not use our name, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, slogans, or proprietary graphics as any part of a link without the prior written consent of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. Any unauthorized use terminates any license or permission granted by Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. Except as expressly stated above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to the content of the Site.
c. TrademarksAll Grand Sierra Resort and Casino trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, slogans, and other identifying marks appearing on the Site are the sole and exclusive property of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. You may not copy or use any of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino’s marks or any marks confusingly similar to Grand Sierra Resort and Casino’s marks without the prior written consent of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino, nor may you use Grand Sierra Resort and Casino marks in any manner that discredits or disparages Grand Sierra Resort and Casino. All other trademarks not owned by Grand Sierra Resort and Casino that appear on this Site are the property of the respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Grand Sierra Resort and Casino.
d. Contributed ContentExcept for personally identifiable information that we obtain from you, any information you provide, including without limitation, any feedback, comments, suggestions and/or ideas you may submit to us, is hereby deemed NONCONFIDENTIAL and NONPROPRIETARY, shall become the property of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino, and may be used by us for any purpose without restriction or obligation. You represent and warrant that any content you submit to us (1) is accurate, (2) does not violate any law or infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights, and (3) contains no matter that is obscene, harassing, vulgar, defamatory or libelous, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates rights of privacy or publicity of a third party.
e. Access to Restricted Areas of the SiteThe Site may provide you with the ability to use passwords, usernames, or other codes or devices to gain access to restricted portions of the Site (“access codes”). The content contained in such restricted areas is confidential to Grand Sierra Resort and Casino and is provided to you for your personal use only. We reserve the right to prohibit the use of such access codes on your behalf by third parties if we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that such use interferes with our Sites’ operation or results in commercial benefits for other entities to our detriment.
f. Notice of Legal EnforcementGrand Sierra Resort and Casino treats enforcement of its intellectual property rights seriously.
6. Links
The Site may contain links to other web sites. All links to other web sites from the Site are provided for convenience only. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, the content, products, or services that may be contained on the linked web sites. We shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any access by you of any linked web sites, or for your use of any information, products, or services on the linked web sites.
You should be aware that, when you enter a linked web site, you are subject to the privacy policies and terms and conditions of use which apply to that web site. You should review them after you execute the link.
7. Privacy Policy
The Site is United States web site and is subject to United States law. Grand Sierra Resort and Casinos’ use of data collected via the Site is governed by our Privacy Policy. A link to the Privacy Policy can be found in the footer of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino’s site. You acknowledge and agree that our Privacy Policy is incorporated into this Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Reservation and Cancellation Policy
To book a room through the Site, you will be required to enter a valid credit card number to guarantee your reservation, as well as provide personal information including your name, address, and other contact information. The Reservation Page on the site is secure, and for security purposes, you must be using a browser that supports the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) standard. If you are not using an SSL browser, you can still access rate and availability information, and process your reservation request via our toll free number listed below.
Grand Sierra Resort and Casino 800-648-5080
Grand Sierra Resort and Casino takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Reservations page on the Site is secure. For more information about our current security methods, please see the Security section within the Privacy Policy. [See the “Security” section of the Privacy Policy]. Cancellations are pursuant to the site’s cancellation terms. Failure to make any cancellations pursuant to this provision will result in loss of deposit.
9. Return Policy
All purchases of items through the Site are subject to the site’s Return Policy.
10. Shipping Policy
All purchases of items through the Site will be shipped pursuant to the sites’ Shipping Policy.
11. Risk of Loss
Any and all items purchased on the Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. Therefore, risk of loss and title for items you purchase through the Site will pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the designated carrier.
12. Limitation on Liability; Legal Disclaimer
GRAND SIERRA RESORT AND CASINO IS MAKING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU “AS IS,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AND ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. USE OF THE SITE, AND ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. GRAND SIERRA RESORT AND CASINO WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER IN CONNECTION WITH OR RESULTING FROM ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY OF THE CONTENT ON THIS SITE OR FOR ANY DISRUPTIONS THIS SITE MAY CAUSE, OR FOR ANY RELIANCE ON OR USE OF SUCH CONTENT BY YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL GRAND SIERRA RESORT AND CASINO OR ANY OF ITS STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS, CLAIM, OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE LAW OF YOUR STATE MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
13. Changes to the Terms and Conditions of Use
Grand Sierra Resort and Casino may change the Terms and Conditions of Use at its sole and absolute discretion at any time. You should periodically revisit the Terms and Conditions of Use to be sure you are familiar with our current policies. Your use, and continued use, of the Site (following modification to the Terms and Conditions of Use) will be conclusively deemed as acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use and any changes thereto.
14. Policy for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any content has been posted on the Site in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify us with the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that Site; A description of the material on the Site that is claimed to be infringed or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number and e-mail address; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement by you that the information in your notice to us is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
15. Miscellaneous
This Terms and Conditions of Use shall constitute an agreement, the terms and performance of which shall be governed by the laws of the state of Nevada, without regard to conflicts of law. You agree that any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site or items or services you purchase through the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Reno, Nevada. Arbitration under Terms and Conditions of Use shall be conducted according to the then prevailing rules of the American Arbitration Association before a panel of three arbitrators. The arbitrators’ award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Terms and Conditions of Use shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Terms and Conditions of Use, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
If Grand Sierra Resort and Casino determines that a violation of the Terms and Conditions of Use has occurred, we may, in our sole and absolute discretion, pursue any of our legal remedies. However, the failure of Grand Sierra Resort and Casino to exercise or enforce any right or provision of Terms and Conditions of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
In the event that any provision of Terms and Conditions of Use is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
Terms and Conditions of Use contains the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior understanding or agreements regarding the subject matter.