http://www.namco.co.uk/terms
Terms and Conditions
NAMCO UK LTD BOOKING POLICY
Telephone Bookings
To reserve a lane/s over the phone at one of our centres, a non-refundable deposit per person, will be required for any bookings of 2 or more lanes, at the time of booking. The remaining balance can be paid prior to arrival & or must be settled prior to the commencement of your bowling booking at the location.
Should you need to cancel, subject to availability we will endeavour to re book you for a future date up to 4 months in advance.
Please note the above cancellation policy will only apply with the appropriate notice period given by yourself as outlined under the General Cancellation Policy.
Online Bowling Bookings
Full payment is required for all online bookings in advance, at the time of booking. Please note that we currently only offer pre-booking of bowling online. All other activities listed on our website can otherwise be pre-booked via telephoning your local centre or sending an enquiry from the centre contact us page at our website namcofunscape.com.
Online bookings and any subsequent payments made to Namco UK Ltd are strictly non-refundable and cannot be cancelled. Subject to availability we will however endeavour to re book you for a future date up to 4 months in advance.
Namco UK Ltd reserves the right to cancel, amend, change or withdraw any offer or promotion at any time.
Party Bookings
Children’s Birthday Parties:
To reserve your lanes at one of our centres, a non-refundable £5 deposit per child will be required (minimum of 10 children needed to book Birthdays in advance) at the time of booking. The remaining balance can be paid prior to arrival & or prior to commencement of the party at the centre.
In the event of cancellation after paying your party balance, all monies are non-refundable, but the party can be re-booked within 4 months of the original date.
Birthday Parties require a minimum party size of 10 children all of whom must be under 16 years of age.
The management regret that they cannot accept responsibility for groups of children, therefore it is requested that two parents, guardians or responsible persons aged 18 or over are present for every group of 10 children for the duration of the Birthday Party to ensure you have the most enjoyable experience possible.
All birthday packages are subject to availability.
Namco UK Ltd would draw the attention of party organisers to the fact that bowling balls, if handled incorrectly or dropped, could be a danger to children.
It is the responsibility of the party organisers (parents or guardians) to ensure that children are supervised in such a way as to avoid the possibility of any accident or injury from this cause or any other.
If a birthday cake is required for the birthday child, the party organiser needs to provide the birthday cake.
Please ensure you make us aware of any allergens prior to arrival
Adult and Corporate Party Bookings:
We have a range of options for adult and corporate parties. To book please contact your local centre. Contact details can be found at namcofunscape.com. In the event of cancellation after paying your party balance, all monies are non-refundable, but the party can be re-booked within 4 months of the original booking date as long as the relevant notice is given.
General Cancellation Policy
Should you need to cancel, we will subject to availability, offer to re book your booking up to a maximum 4 months in the future from the date of the original booking.
However, if you the customer give less than 7 days’ notice there will be no refund offered.
If you have a complaint to raise about your experience online, from telephone or your local Namco Funscape, please get in touch with us directly from our enquires@namco.co.uk
*Please note that T & C’s may vary at Namco Funscape, Countyhall
Overall Terms and Conditions of Namco Funscape Venues Offers, Walk-in offers, promotions and competitions:
All offers are not valid in conjunction with any other offer.Offer validity times vary according to the individual offer, these are non-negotiable.No cash alternative is ever offered.Promotions, offers and competitions may be changed or withdrawn at any time without prior notice.
Nifty Fifty - only available for people who are over fifty years old.
The Family Ticket offer is for 2 games of bowling for 4 people (as long as one member of your party is under 16).
Late Night deal - only selected drinks available. Over 18's for alcoholic drinks purchase. We operate a challenge 25, age verification policyDrink Responsibly. For more information, please visit www.drinkaware.co.uk
All online bookings need to be made a minimum of 2 hours in advance of the intended bowling time.
All regular and promotional tariffs include an allowance for shoe hire of £1.30 per person. No discount is offered for customers using their own shoes.
Late arrivals may not be permitted to play and refunds are not available for late arrivals or cancellationsAnyone under the age of 16 must be accompanied by a responsible adult.Vouchers, coupons, leaflets and similar must be released to the General Manager upon redemption.Digital vouchers, coupons, leaflets and similar must be properly redeemed according the rules and regulations of the digital supplier. Please refer to the digital supplier's Terms and Conditions for further information. This includes any digital offers presented in hard copy.Where customer details are asked for it is a requirement that forms are filled out to validate the offer. This information is used ONLY for promotional use by NAMCO UK Ltd. Information is never shared with third parties.By giving us contact information you are agreeing to their use for our promotional purposes and may unsubscribe from promotional messages at any time.Promotions, offers and competitions are always subject to the discretion of the General Manager and Head Office management team, whom have the right to terminate a competition or offer and/or refuse any customer any offer, at any time, without notice. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Offers excluded on Bank Holidays, unless stated otherwise.
Customers Bowling in their own shoes must wear flat soled, closed toe shoes.  Hire shoes are available to anyone wearing unsuitable footwear.
Namco take no responsibility for damage to personal belongings or bowling equipment, customers using their own bowling equipment, do so at their own risk.
Safety Rules for VR Activities
1. We do not permit children under the age of 10 to engage in VR activities unaccompanied, however younger children may participate at parents/guardian’s discretion subject to all game controls being fully accessible. 2. Guests with the following conditions should refrain from engaging in VR activities: pregnant, motion sickness, under the influence of alcohol, physical ailments or any other condition that may be aggravated by VR activities. 3. Do not run or jump whilst using this machine. Doing so could cause injury. Take caution and be sure to follow your operator’s guidance. 4. Wearing glasses with the VR goggles is permitted however, depending on size and shape, certain glasses may not fit into the VR goggles. We assume no responsibility for damage done to glasses and ask participants to use caution when wearing glasses. 5. Players may experience eye fatigue, dizziness, loss of balance, nausea, motion sickness like symptoms etc. If you start to feel sick or wish for the experience to stop at any time, just raise your hand, and a team member will be on hand immediately to stop the experience. Please note that no refunds will be issued based upon game play being halted by a customer request. In addition, the above symptoms may occur after your VR experience. In this case please rest until you have fully recovered. 6. Our team reserve the right to refuse participation should it be deemed that an individual is either unfit to take part, or acting in a way that may lead to equipment being damaged. 7. All customers participate in each VR experience at their own risk, and we accept no responsibility for any personal injury, undisclosed medical condition or loss or personal effects whilst participating. 8. The VR experience operates a strict no refund policy. If you believe there has been a fault with the experience, please raise this with the team who will be sure to resolve.
Free Game Sign Up
Customers are to sign up to our newsletter to obtain a free game. Customers are to sign up once and are not permitted to print more than one voucher. The voucher is to be used on the day it is sent. Customers are to buy one game and obtain the second game free. The vouchers are to be redeemed once. Any breech or fraudulent activities on this promotion will cause a cancellation of the booking. This promotion can be cancelled without any notice at any time.
Terms of website use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website namcofunscape.com (our site). Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
Information about us
namcofunscape.com is a site operated by NAMCO UK Ltd. ("We/our/us"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 2824795 and have our registered office at:
37-39 Kew Foot RoadRichmondLondonTW9 2SSOur VAT number is 629657790
Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Intellectual property rights
Unless otherwise expressly stated we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world or other proprietary rights. All such rights are reserved.You have limited permission to display, print or download extracts from these pages for your personal non-commercial and non-profit use only and you shall not be entitled to commercialise any such material in any way without first obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.Unless with our prior permission, no part of this site may be reproduced or transmitted to or stored in any other website, nor may any of its pages or part thereof be disseminated in any electronic or non-electronic form, nor included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service.If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Linking to our site
You may not link to our site without our prior written consent. Please contact webmaster@namco.co.uk We reserve the right to revoke any such written consent at any time.
Links from our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely.While we try to ensure the information on our site is correct, we do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the material on our site. We reserve the right to make changes to the material on our site, including (without limitation) the prices and products, at any time without notice. We make no commitment to update such information.Where you make a booking in advance, the price paid will remain the same, regardless of any change to the price advertised on our website.
Our liability
The material displayed on our site is provided on an "as is" basis, without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law;
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including (without limitation) any liability for: loss of income or revenue; loss of business; loss of profits or contracts; loss of anticipated savings; loss of data; loss of goodwill; wasted management or office time; and for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing.
Transactions concluded through our site
The information on our site, including (without limitation) information about our offers, promotions and prices, is provided for your information only and all such information is subject to availability and local variations.There are separate terms and conditions which apply for online bowling bookings. Such terms and conditions are located within the section for making online reservations.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact webmaster@namco.co.uk Thank you for visiting our site.
Sign up today to receive news and updates from us >>>
SIGN UP