https://www.btireland.com/privacy
Cookies are used on this website to give you the optimum experience. If you wish to continue, simply click the 'I accept' button to the right. For more information, please visit our cookies and privacy policy pages
I accept
Home /
Home
/ Privacy
Privacy Notice
Who is BT?
BT Communications Ireland Limited (‘BT’) is a wholly owned subsidiary of BT Group plc, and a fully integrated division of BT Major and Public Sector.  BT Communications Ireland Limited, trading as BT or BT Ireland, is registered in Ireland under number company registration number 141524 and its registered address is BT, Grand Canal Plaza, Upper Grand Canal Street, Dublin 4, Republic of Ireland, Tel: +353 1 432 5000 Freephone: 1800 923 222
Why does BT have a Privacy Notice?
At BT, we take privacy very seriously. Protecting your information and respecting your privacy is fundamental to the way we do things. If you want to know more about how we collect and use your personal information in different situations, have a look at the dedicated sections of the Privacy Centre here www.btplc.com/privacycentre/index.htm
Please read the policies in the Privacy Centre along with the terms and conditions of any particular service you’re using. We may change the policies in our Privacy Centre from time to time. We’ll publish any new policies on our Privacy Centre, any other relevant websites and our terms and conditions (if applicable).By visiting and browsing our website and using our services you indicate your agreement to our use of your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy from time to time.
What is not covered by the Privacy notice?
Third party sites, applications and social media, including products and services that you can link to from our websites aren’t covered by the policies in our Privacy Centre, so we urge you to be careful when you enter any personal information online or use applications and social media features. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before providing your personal information. As we don’t control those third party sites and their practices, we don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these sites.
What about when I visit your websites?
For details about information we collect when you visit our websites and the cookies we use please click the link here http://www.btplc.com/privacycentre/Onlineprivacy/index.htm.
How can I find out what personal information BT holds about me and change it if inaccurate?
If you want a copy of your billing information, log on to your MyBT online account or you can contact BT Ireland by phone, at Tel: 1800 924 929  or at the addresses listed below. BT Ireland, 2 Grand Canal Plaza, Upper Grand Canal Street, Dublin 4.
Alternatively you can contact us through our online Customer Enquiry form. (You must be the account holder to ask for this information.)
If you want to see what contact information we hold about you, you can also log in to your account.  It’s quick and simple to access it this way.
You can also ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you using our online form here. Or write to us at BT to the Data Protection Manager, BT Ireland, 2 Grand Canal Plaza, Upper Grand Canal Street, Dublin 4.
If you work for one of our corporate customers, please ask your employer – they’ll ask for this on your behalf.
It will normally take us up to one month to get back to you but could take longer (up to a further two months) if it’s a complicated request or we get a lot of requests at once.
We’ll reply electronically unless you ask us to send the information by post.
How can I manage BT’s contact with me for marketing purposes?
If you would no longer like to receive email, written or SMS communication from BT about any of its products or services please phone 1800 924 925 email : business@btireland.ie or alternatively write to the Data Protection Manager, BT, Grand Canal Plaza, Upper Grand Canal Street, Dublin 4.