https://www.playstationpro2.com/misc/privacy_policy.shtml
Sony to Provide Early PS Vita Owners Refund Over Misleading Ads
PlayStation Plus Tops 7.9 Million Subscribers
30.2 Million PS4s Sold Worldwide
YouTube App Arrives on PS4
Privacy Policy
PlayStation Pro has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for these web sites: http://www.playstationpro2.com
What information do you collect?
We use the non-personal information your web browser sends, such as your web browser name, operating system, screen resolution, and how you got to our site in order to better understand what our users are looking for and what technology they use to visit our web site. We do this to see what pages are popular, what pages need improving, and how our visitors view our web site to help us understand and provide a better viewing experience. For example, if most of our visitors use a tablet to visit PlayStation Pro, we may use our resources to better optimize the site for tablet users. Regardless, we will never send or sell this information to anyone. By continusing to use this web site, you consent to have cookies used by us for the reasons mentioned.
Do you collect personal information?
We do not collect personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, age, sex, or finacial information.
How do you protect the information that you collect?
We only collect non-personal information that your web browser might send, and that information is protected using a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of that information.
Google Analytics
We have used the Google Analytics service to help us determine which web pages on our site are popular and how users have arrived at our web site. This service uses cookies and JavaScript to help determine this information. We have deleted our Google Analytics account and most web pages on PlayStation Pro have had the Google Analytics tracking code removed to help with user privacy when visiting this web site. However, some older pages may still have the Google Analytics code. We have tried our best to remove all Google Analytics code from this site, however, by using this web site, you consent and agree that some pages may still have Google Analytics code.
Advertisers
We use outside 3rd party ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. As a result, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such companies and their websites.
We have contracted with
Conversant to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting website traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs,' and/or other activities on our website. Where authorized by us, Conversant, Inc. and its business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than the Advertiser. For more information about how the information is collected and used by Conversant, please see
Conversant's privacy policy at http://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy
We also use Google AdSense to service ads on our web site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting Google ad and content network privacy policy
You may opt-out from information collection by our 3rd party partners by visiting this page: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. PlayStation Pro is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Children's Online Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) stipulates that Web site operators cannot knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13 without verifiable parental permission.
No information should be submitted to PlayStation Pro by visitors under the age 13 without the consent of their parents or guardians.
Opt-Out
You may opt-out from such information collection and use at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Contacting PlayStation Pro
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with PlayStation Pro, please feel free to e-mail us.
Also on PlayStation Pro
PlayStation 4 FAQ
PlayStation Vita FAQ
PlayStation 3 FAQ
Video Game Cosplay
Popular Games
Grand Theft Auto V
(PS4, PS3)
Destiny
(PS4, PS3)
LittleBigPlanet 3
(PS4, PS3)
The Evil Within
(PS4, PS3)
Tales of Xillia 2
(PS3)
Coming Soon
Dying Light
January 27, 2015
(PS4)
The Order: 1886
February 20, 2015
(PS4)
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
February 24, 2015
(PS4)