http://www.thyva.com/terms
Welcome - Turkish Virtual Airlines
About Us
About Us
Staff
Pilots
Media Center
Terms & Conditions
Virtual Airline
Fleet
Statistics
Pilot Lounge
Terms & Conditions - Privacy Policy
Registration
Registration can be done via THYVA website thyva.com by filling and sending the Registration Form.
Applicants must be an active IVAO member and have a valid IVAO ID number. Applicants can join IVAO via www.ivao.aero and applicants must register Turkish Virtual Airlines on IVAO VA System via https://www.ivao.aero/vasystem/
Applicants must use their real name and surname.
Applicants must use a valid e-mail address.
Applicants must be above 18 years old.
Applicants must be Advanced Flight Student or have a higher rating in IVAO.
Applicants must complete Line Training by using Flight Tracker after initial registration to achieve full membership.
Applicant has not been suspended on IVAO in 6 months.
THYVA assumes that all applicants know basic level of English language.
Applicants accept the Privacy Policy and, Terms and Conditions of THYVA by filling and sending the registration form.
THYVA reserves the rights to accept or reject any applicant’s registration request. THYVA may request initial interview or exam from applicant before accepting his registration.
Privacy Policy
We require that you register with your real name and a valid e-mail address. Your real name will be seen on the website on your profile pages. Your e-mail address and your name will not be distributed or sold to any outside party. Your e-mail address will not be seen on the website. We might use it to communicate with you or to inform you of updates and changes.
Terms and Conditions
In this context, Turkish Virtual Airlines should be considered as Turkish Virtual Airlines Website, Turkish Virtual Airlines Flight Tracker and any other services provided by Turkish Virtual Airlines.
Turkish Virtual Airlines is offered to you under the condition of your acceptance of this terms and conditions and other notices written. Your use of any applications and website under Turkish Virtual Airlines constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices.
Turkish Virtual Airlines reserves the right to make changes of the terms, conditions and notices under Turkish Virtual Airlines website without notifying users.
Turkish Virtual Airlines Website may contain links to other web sites. Turkish Virtual Airlines do not control these linked sites and Turkish Virtual Airlines is not responsible for the contents of those linked sites.
With this terms and conditions you declare that you will not use any services provided by Turkish Virtual Airlines for any illegal, unlawful purposes and real-life aviation. You will not damage or disable any services of Turkish Virtual Airlines and you will not obtain or use any materials not provided through Turkish Virtual Airlines.
Turkish Virtual Airlines consists of communication platforms such as message box. Therefore; You will not use any offensive, unethical, unlawful, politic comments. You will not harass, abuse, defame, threaten or violate any legal rights. You will not publish, post, upload, distrube, share materials under privacy or publicity. You will not advertise. You will not upload virus, trojan or any harmful material.
Turkish Virtual Airlines may monitor these messages and remove any material or/and even the user himself without any reason. Turkish Virtual Airlines is not responsible from any messages, any uploads, any materials from users. The user is responsible for all the materials he uses, uploads, downloads, shares. Turkish Virtual Airlines is under no obligation for any material that users provide and will not pay any compensation under any circumstances.
The materials provided in Turkish Virtual Airlines may include errors. Therefore user shall not use any information herein.
Turkish Virtual Airlines reserves the right to make any changes with the website, program or any services provided by Turkish Virtual Airlines.
Turkish Virtual Airlines reserves the right to reject, suspend, ban or remove any user without showing any reason whatsoever.
All contents and materials are copyright 2014 by Turkish Virtual Airlines. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
By registering, the user warrant not to use fake information and declares of acceptance of this terms and conditions and privacy policy.
Virtual Airline
Staff
Pilots
Fleet
Flights
About Us
Quick Links
Pilot Lounge
News
Events
Tours
Statistics
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Contact Us
Partners
Copyright © 2020 Turkish Virtual Airlines. Developed by Alp Yeni
This website is a complete virtual platform and is not related to real Turkish Airlines (www.thy.com). Turkish Airlines logos are therefore the property of Turkish Airlines.