http://www.speedstacks.com/privacy-policy/
menu
Shop
Instructors
Stackers
StackTube
Learn to Stack
(0)
Shop
Instructors
Stackers
StackTube
Learn to Stack
(0)
Online
Group Order
Instructor
Getting Started
Overview
Loaner Program
FREE School Demo
Specialty Programs
Day Camps / After School
Churches
Teach Sport Stacking
Overview
Physical Distancing
K-2 Lessons
3-6+ Lessons
Cardio Activities
Fitness Stacking
Outdoor Stacking
Multiplayer Stacking
Stacking@Home
Equipment
Group Order
Direct Group Order
Bulk Sets
Personal PE Kits
Skillastics
Instructor Store
Sport Pack Warranty
Resources
History
Benefits & Studies
How To Stack
Forms
Speed Stacks Account
Learn how To Stack
Training Videos
Improve Your Times
Sponsored Stackers
Top Global Stackers
Speed Stacks Store
Sets
Packages
Accessories
Fun Stuff
Stacking@Home NEW
iPhone / iPod Touch Games
How You Rank
Sport Stacking Videos
Free Stuff
The Sport
World Sport Stacking Association
World Records
Find Tournaments
Your Dashboard
Profile
logout
Home
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Scroll to Top
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), view our COPPA policy.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at our Terms of Use
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on:
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Speed Stacks
11 Inverness Way South
Englewood, Colorado 80112
United States
info@speedstacks.com
International
Store Locator
Sport Stacking News:
required.
Speed Stacks
Store
Instructors
Stackers
StackTube
The WSSA
theWSSA.com
Records
Tournaments
Clubs
Recent WSSA Headlines
2020 STACK UP! has Started
2019-2020 TGS Members
Exciting NEW Changes for the 2020 STACK UP!
Blue Jumbo Hat Madness. William Orrell's 4.472 Fastest On The Web Cycle
Contact
Speed Stacks, Inc.
11 Inverness Way South
Englewood, CO 80112
Phone: 877-GOT-CUPS (877-468-2877) or 303-663-8083
Fax: 303-663-8580
Email: info@speedstacks.com
Copyright © 2000-2020 Speed Stacks, Inc. Terms of use Privacy Policy