http://www.decasino.com/privacy-policy
719-689-5000 info@decasino.com Open 24 hours a day 7 Days a Week
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy We know that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting us, you are accepting the privacy policy described below.
1. What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide. We receive and store information you enter. For example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply information such as your address, phone number or credit card. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with you. In addition, if you choose, we may share your information with other companies who provide goods or services that you are interested in.
Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we automatically collect other information such as email addresses, browser types, operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
Information from Other Sources. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. This may include updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
Special Offers. We may send you special offers from time to time, unless you choose to "opt-out" of receiving such offers. In addition, we may also send you special offers from other companies. Again, you may "opt-out". If we send you offers from other businesses, we do not share your personal information with them. The offers come directly through us. Please see the "opt-in/opt-out" selection at the end of this policy.
Law Enforcement. If we receive a lawful court order to release account or other personal information then we will comply with the law. We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
3. How Do We Protect the Security of Your Information?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We use encryption to protect your information contained in our customer list.
We use a firewall to protect against unlawful intrusion.
We limit access to your information on a "need to know" basis.
No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock can not guarantee physical security. However, we take every reasonable precaution to assure that your data is secure.
4. Children
We do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
5. Other Websites
Various Web sites may be linked to from this site. If you link to another site, your privacy depends on the policy of that site. We strongly urge you to check their privacy policy. Not all sites guarantee that they will not share your personally identifiable information with others. You may also wish to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance (www.privacyalliance.org).
6. Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information contained on our website, you may contact us at info@DoubleEagleHotelandCasino.comThis e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it You will be required to provide identifier information to assure that this information is not released to others. We reserve the right to modify this policy in the future. If we do so, notice will be posted on our home page
HOMEPROMOTIONSCASINODININGHOTELEVENT & CONFERENCE CENTERNOW HIRING: LINE COOKSNOW HIRING: HOST/CASHIERNOW HIRING: SLOT ATTENDANTSNOW HIRING: SURVEILLANCE WIN/LOSS STATEMENTOPERATION PLAN FOR REOPENING