https://www.theseminolecasinos.com/legal#terms
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Seminole Tribe of Florida Privacy Policy
Seminole Tribe of Florida Terms & Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
Last Updated : Janaury 18, 2020.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020.
General Statement
The Seminole Tribe of Florida is a federally recognized Indian tribe doing business as Seminole Gaming (“Seminole Gaming”, “us”, “our” or “we”), and has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and sharing (collectively, “Processing”) of Personal Information (defined below) through our websites (collectively, the “Sites”, listed below), and any services offered on or through the Sites (the Sites and the services are collectively referred to as the “Services”). Where additional detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we provide supplementary privacy notices to describe how Personal Information is processed. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Sites. Please review the privacy policies of any third party website or application for more information about how they process your Personal Information.
We provide the following Sites:
www.seminolehardrockhollywood.com
www.seminolehardrocktampa.com
www.seminolecoconutcreekcasino.com
www.seminoleimmokaleecasino.com
www.seminoleclassiccasino.com
www.seminolebrightoncasino.com
www.hardrockpoker.com
www.theseminolecasinos.com
www.gotoworkhappy.com
www.seminolewildcard.com
www.seminolesocialcasino.com (The privacy policy and terms and conditions for Seminole Social Casino, more specifically the websites and mobile applications, and any services offered on or through the Sites and the App, can be found here.)
Seminole Gaming collects certain Personal Information about you to facilitate our relationship. We are committed to keeping your Personal Information secure. Providing Personal Information is optional; however, if you choose not to provide the requested Personal Information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Sites or to complete other Services such as reservations, purchases, credit applications, or employment applications.
By using the Sites or by providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any written agreement(s) in effect in connection with any of our products or services. If you do not consent, then please do not access and/or use our Sites or Services. If you are a resident of California, you may have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as set forth on our California Privacy Rights page. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you may have additional rights as set forth in Appendix A below.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is any information that identifies or is capable of being associated with a particular person. Personal Information may be stored electronically or in physical documents.
Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, data such as first name, last name, address(es), phone number(s), email address, credit card number, identification number (driver’s license, social security or national number, passport number), bank account/financial information, date of birth, marital status, social network ‘handle’, geolocation information, Seminole Wild Card number, purchase information, gaming activity information, biometric information, preference information, survey answers/opinions, and other similar information. Personal Information may also include all or part of the information you provide when applying for a job position.
Collection of your Personal Information
We may collect information in three different ways: (1) information you provide to us; (2) information we receive from third parties; and (3) information collected through various automated collection technologies.
Information You Provide. You may provide Personal Information under a wide range of circumstances, including, but not limited to, when you log into the Sites, submit information through the Sites, apply for credit, make a purchase, sign up for email notifications, start or make a reservation, enter a promotion, complete a survey, or respond to a job posting.
Seminole Gaming may collect other Personal Information about you, such as information about your gaming and betting history and your transactions with us or with other third parties. Personal Information may be received through direct correspondence with Seminole Gaming (email, mail, telephone, or other means).
If you use the Sites to make a payment (such as, for example, for hotel purchases or for the vendor registration fee), we and our third party payment processors collect information about the transaction. This includes the date of the transaction, payment information such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing and contact details. For the applicable third party payment processor’s privacy policy, please visit First Data (https://www.firstdata.com/en_us/privacy.html) for hotel reservations and vendor registration fee payments.
If you visit one of our casinos, hotels, entertainment venues, or restaurants, Personal Information may be received through use of one of our many services such as concierge, amenities, room service, etc., when you register for special events, make a purchase, or during security monitoring for your safety and detection of fraud, cheating or money laundering.
During tournaments, contests, raffles, conventions, entertainment events, or other special activities (or periodically during regular business), we may record video/film or take photographs.  Signage is generally posted.  These images may be used on our Sites or Social Media.
Information From Third Parties.  We may collect information about you from various third parties.
We may receive information from credit or financial institutions, including but not limited to National Cred-A-Chek (NCC), in connection with Seminole Gaming credit approval.  We may combine this information with other Personal Information we have collected about you under this Privacy Policy. For NCC’s privacy policy, please visit https://nccreports.com/index.php?privacy.
Information Collected Through Automated Technologies.  Seminole Gaming and its service providers also use automated collection technologies to collect certain data as further described below.  This information tells us about how people use the Sites so that we can analyze its effectiveness and provide you with a better web experience.  We collect this information through a variety of technologies, including “cookies” and analysis applications, as discussed below.
(a) Server Log Files
Like most websites, the Sites gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, operating system, internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, date/time stamp of access, and clickstream data, and information about the content you view on the Sites.  When you visit the Sites, the servers automatically log your IP address, the time and duration of your visit, and the time and duration spent on the pages of the Sites which you view.  If you arrive at the Sites by clicking a paid advertisement or a link in a communication, then the server will capture information that tracks your visit from that link.  If you arrive at the Sites by clicking on a non-paid source, such as a search engine result or link on another website, the server captures information that tracks your visit from that source, to the extent available. The server also captures information from direct traffic.
The server log files are not analyzed with respect to individuals.
(b) Cookies and Other Visit Tracking Technologies
As is standard practice on many websites, the Sites use “cookies” and other technologies to help Seminole Gaming understand which parts of the Sites are the most popular and the preferences of Seminole Gaming’s users.  Seminole Gaming may also use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on the Sites, to improve its functionality and usability as well as to improve the effectiveness of our communications with users.  Seminole Gaming may also use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience to you during your interactions with the Sites.
A cookie is a unique alphanumeric identifier that websites use to help identify the number of unique visitors to a website, whether or not those visitors are repeat visitors, and the source of the visits.  If you prefer to disable cookies, you may do so through your web browser’s security settings.  Please note that certain features of the Sites may not be available once cookies have been disabled
We use two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Sites. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Sites.
Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer.
Clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Sites to, among other things, track the activities of Sites visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Sites usage. You may view and change your preferences at any time by using the ‘Privacy Settings’ in your web browser. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Some of our email communications to you may contain links to content on the Sites.  When you click one of these links, it passes information through the Seminole Gaming web server before you arrive at the destination web page.  Seminole Gaming tracks this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications.  If you prefer not to be tracked, simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in emails you receive from Seminole Gaming.
(c) Do Not Track Signals
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in the cookies section (e.g., by disabling cookies). Please note that we do not collect, and we not aware of third parties that collect, Personal Information from users of the Sites about users’ online activities on third party websites.
(d) Third-Party Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Sites and Services. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Sites, Services, performance and user experiences. These devices and applications may use cookies, tracking pixels and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your Personal Information with these third parties.
Use of Personal Information
We and our service providers may use your information, including your Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To present our Sites, Services, and related content to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services and/or Sites, to contact you regarding your account status, changes to the account agreement, special discounts, promotions, products offered and other matters relevant to the Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To personalize marketing materials and promote our products and services, to provide you with products or services you have requested directly or through a third party that is approved by Seminole Gaming, and to provide news and event information.
To make a credit determination and then manage the account (if applicable).
To register and manage Seminole Wild Card member accounts.
To manage our contractual relationship with you.
To continue our ongoing efforts to expand your experience and make improvements to our Sites, Services, as well as casinos, hotels, and other properties.
To administer your participation in a contest, notify the winners and award prizes.
To assist you when you contact our customer care center(s) for services such as information on your Seminole Wild Card membership, assistance with hotel or restaurant reservations, transportation and traveling arrangements, tickets, or other assistance as requested.
To provide any legally required reporting to governmental or regulatory entities.
On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we provide at that time.  You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time; however, we may have other legal grounds for processing your information, including those identified above.
Sharing of Information
We may share your Personal Information as follows:
Affiliates.  We may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you with our affiliates; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your Personal Information will be maintained by them in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers.  We may disclose Personal Information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf (“Service Providers”).  For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing data storage and management, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing property management services, providing advertising or marketing services, or providing analytic services. We only provide our Service Providers with the information or access to information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf.  Each Service Provider must agree to use commercially reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure.  Service Providers may only use the Personal Information to provide services to Us and are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as authorized by us under this Policy.
Business Transfers.  If we are acquired by, or merged with, another entity, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, or if we are evaluating or in negotiations with respect to any such transaction, we may transfer, or make available, the Personal Information we have collected from you to the other entity or resulting legal entity.
In Connection with Legal Process.  We also may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations, a government investigation, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others.  We also may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, suspected violations of this Policy, any applicable terms and conditions for Services provided through the Sites or at any hotel and casino owned or operated by Seminole Gaming, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregated and De-Identified Information.  We may share aggregate or de-identified Personal Information about users with third parties and publicly for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes.
Job Applications.  If you apply for a job position, some of your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, including but not limited to iCIMS, in order to confirm education, work history, references, etc. For iCims’ privacy policy, please visit www.icims.com/legal/privacy-policy-website.
We do not disclose Personal Information to third parties, including for their direct marketing purposes, without your consent except as explained in this Privacy Policy.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Sites may include third party advertising. We do not provide your Personal Information to these third party advertisers; however, they may use technology to send the advertisements that appear on the Sites to your browser. In this process, the third party advertiser automatically receives your IP address. They may also employ cookies and web beacons to measure the effectiveness of their own advertisements and to personalize your interaction with them. We do not have access to or control over the cookies, web beacons or other technology these third party advertisers may use, and any information collected by these third party advertisers is not covered by this Privacy Policy.  Please contact them directly for further information regarding their information privacy policies. For your reference, the
Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies, including methods of “opting-out” of their information collection practices (http://www.networkadvertising.org/faq).
The Sites may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided for your convenience. We are not responsible for and have no control over the content that appears on these other websites. Seminole Gaming makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the content of any of these linked websites.  Please note that when you click on one of these links, you will leave the Sites and will be subject to the policies and privacy practices of the other websites, which may differ significantly from our Privacy Policy.  Please review such third parties’ privacy policies before providing any Personal Information to them.
DATA RETENTION AND DISPOSAL
Seminole Gaming keeps customer information for as long as is necessary for business purposes, or as legally required by appropriate state, federal and regulatory authorities. Retention periods vary depending on the type of information and how it is used.  The criteria we use to determine the appropriate retention periods include:
How long we have a relationship with you and provide services or products to you.
Whether there is a legal, contractual or similar obligation that requires us to keep your information for a certain period of time.
Whether you have consented to retention of your information for a longer period of time.
Whether the Personal Information is sensitive.
When we no longer need to use or retain your Personal Information, both physical and electronic records are destroyed.
Data Security
We use industry standard security safeguards to help protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure. Despite these efforts, please understand that no system is perfect we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or theft of data will not occur, so you should exercise caution when transferring personal and other sensitive information over the Internet.  Please advise us immediately at dataprotection@shrss.com of any incident involving the loss of or unauthorized access to or disclosure of Personal Information that is in our custody or control.  Seminole Gaming maintains Incident Response and Business Continuity Plans to address data incident situations.
You are responsible for keeping your account login credentials confidential. You should not share such login credential with any other person as you are responsible for all activity on your account. Be sure to sign off when finished if you are using a shared device. You must immediately notify us if you are aware or suspect any unauthorized use of your account. Please note that Seminole Gaming will never ask for a password other than on the log-in page of an official Seminole Gaming site.  Links are available on these Sites to request assistance.
Age Policy
The Sites are not intended for use by or directed to any person under the age of 18. Any use of the Sites by persons under the age of 18 should only be under the direct supervision of that minor’s parent or legal guardian.  We do not knowingly collect information from persons under the age of 18 through the Sites.  If you believe we have received Personal Information belonging to someone under age 18, please email dataprotection@shrss.com and, after reasonable confirmation, we will delete the Personal Information of the minor.
We strongly support parental control of the internet. If you are a parent and want to prevent your children from using the Sites or the Services, then you may want to consult the filtering software companies, such as Net Nanny and Cybersitter. Net Nanny and Cybersitter are third party service providers that are not affiliated with us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliates and we have no responsibility for the services provided by such providers.
Pursuant to law, persons under the age of 21 are not permitted to gamble at our property or loiter in casino areas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, persons who have obtained age of 18 may participate in class 2 poker and class 2 bingo games at our properties. Seminole Gaming will not grant credit to anyone under the age of 21. Persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to accept offers or win contests related to gambling (except that persons 18 years of age and older may enter contests for poker tournaments), and we do not knowingly collect information from such persons.
USER-GENERATED CONTENT
We may invite you to post content on or through public areas of our Sites, including your comments, photos, videos, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Sites.  Please note, however, that if you post such content to public areas of our Sites, all of the information or content that you post may be available to other visitors or users of our Sites.  Your postings and content may become public and we cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, applicable law, or your personal privacy. Further, please note that all such content you post must comply with our Terms and Conditions of Use or it is subject to removal.
ACCESS, CORRECTION, AND CHOICE
You have choices about the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information, including:
Deletion: You can request that we erase or delete all or some of your Personal Information (for example, it is no longer necessary to provide services to you).
Change or Correct: You can review and edit your Personal Information by logging onto the Sites and visiting your account at any time.
Object to or Restrict Use: You can request that we stop using some or all of your Personal Information or restrict our use of your Personal Information.
Access: You can access the Personal Information you submit to our Sites via your account at any time.
Copy: You can request a copy of your Personal Information.
Right to Portability – provides the ability to request Personal Information in machine readable format (for example, CSV).
Marketing: Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
Withdrawing Consent: If we have collected or processed your Personal Information with your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information based on other lawful processing grounds.
If you request access, correction, amendment or deletion of your Personal Information and you have more than one account with us, you will need to instruct us on each account separately. Reasonable access to Personal Information will generally be provided within thirty (30) calendar days at no cost to you, subject to limited exceptions prescribed by law or excessive requests. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.  Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete requests or transactions that occurred prior your request.  We will also retain your Personal Information if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, detect or prevent fraud and abuse, and enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use. We may also need to retain your Personal Information if required by gaming industry regulations, federal tax statutes and other legal requirements (e.g., information on our customers who self-report; tax reporting documents; player winnings, and any statistics, reports or listings that are required to protect our casino properties).
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to access, update, review or change the details you have provided to us with, please contact us as set out below.
PROCESSING IN UNITED STATES; CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
We are located in the United States.  Please be aware that, depending on your location, your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country.  If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we store all Personal Information in the United States.  The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location.  By using the Sites or Services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
We may transfer your Personal Information to other countries in compliance with applicable laws.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those countries may have access to your Personal Information.
Seminole Gaming certifies under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which provides a set of requirements governing the use and treatment of Personal Information received from the European Economic Area.  Please see the information provided under the section “EU-US Privacy Shield” below.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites.  By continuing to use the Sites, the App or Services on or after the Last Updated date, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
INTERPRETATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights, or impose upon Seminole Gaming any rights or obligations outside of, or in addition to, any rights or obligations imposed by applicable country, state, and other privacy laws, as applicable.  Should there be, in a specific case, any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws, this Privacy Policy shall be interpreted in that case to give effect to, and comply with, such privacy laws.
SEVERABILITY
The provisions of this Privacy Policy are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of this Privacy Policy shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.
CONTACT INFORMATION
You may address all communications to Seminole Hard Rock Support Services, LLC, Attn: Data Protection Office (DPO), 5701 Stirling Road, Davie, Florida 33314, or email to dataprotection@shrss.com. Please include your name, address and phone number or email in all communications and state clearly the nature of your request. If you wish to make a request to access the Personal Information we collect and store about you,  complete this form.
EU/US PRIVACY SHIELD COMPLIANCE
We comply with the EU/US Privacy Shield framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information from European Economic Area and the United Kingdom.
We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.
For purposes of enforcing compliance with the Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the Federal Trade Commission.
If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov/list.
This Privacy Policy describes the categories of Personal Information that we may receive in the United States and the purposes for which we use that Personal Information.
In compliance with the EU/US Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information.  European Economic Area data subjects with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact Seminole Hard Rock Support Services, LLC, Attn:  Data Protection Office (DPO), 5701 Stirling Road, Davie, Florida 33314, or email to dataprotection@shrss.com.
Please include your name, address and phone number or email in all communications and state clearly the nature of your request or concern.  If you wish to make a request to access the personal information we collect and store about you, complete this form.
We provide a private sector independent recourse mechanism (located in the United States) to investigate and expeditiously resolve individual complaints and disputes.  This dispute mechanism will cover all categories of Personal Information except for human resource data.  For more information, visit the website for ICDR®/AAA® EU-U.S. Privacy Shield:  International Centre for Dispute Resolution®, the international division of the American Arbitration Association® (ICDR/AAA) at go.adr.org/privacyshield.html.  The services of ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you.  Under certain limited conditions and as a last resort, the individual can invoke binding arbitration.
If we transfer your Personal Information to a third party, we will ensure the third party is contractually obligated to process your data only for limited, specific purposes consistent with this policy, to apply the same level of protection to that data as the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, and notify us if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet this obligation.  Upon notice, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing.  In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield, we are potentially liable.
When required, we must disclose Personal Information to comply with lawful requests from government authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
APPENDIX A - ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA DATA SUBJECTS
This Appendix outlines certain additional information that we must provide to persons in the European Economic Area as well as certain rights such residents have with respect to the processing of their Personal Information under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  For persons in  European Economic Area, the term Personal Information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
A.         Legal Bases for Processing of Personal Information
We process the personal Information collected for the purposes described in the sections entitled “Collection of Personal Information and Other Data,” “Use of Personal Information,” and “Sharing of Information” in our Policy.  The legal bases for our processing activities include processing Personal Information as necessary to comply with our contractual obligations, compliance with our legal obligations, protecting the safety of our employees, guests and others, for our legitimate business interests, and pursuant to your consent.  The particular legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information is based on the purpose for which such information was provided or collected.
We use Personal Information, such as name, address, email and credit card information, as necessary to perform Services, such as fulfilling ticket purchases or making reservations at properties owned or operated by Seminole Gaming.  In some instances, we are not able to provide our Services and products according to our contracts unless you provide us with certain necessary Personal Information.  This collection and processing of the Personal Information is based on Article 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR (necessary for the performance of a contract with you).
We may also process your Personal Information if we have received your consent, to respond to requests from you or to take actions in our legitimate interest, such as for marketing purposes or to otherwise inform you of our business operations, and to improve our products and services.  Please note that if we rely on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time, but such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your Personal Information prior to the withdrawal.
B.         Data Retention
See “Data Retention And Disposal” above for our retention policies.
C.         Data Subject Rights
Data subjects of the European Economic Area have the following rights:
Access, Correction and Erasure Requests:  You have the right to:
contact us to confirm whether we are processing your Personal Information;
receive certain information on how your Personal Information is processed;
obtain a copy of your Personal Information;
request that we update or correct your Personal Information; and
request that we delete Personal Information in certain circumstances.
Right to Object to Processing:  You have the right to request that we cease processing of your Personal Information based on our legitimate business interests, including profiling, unless we are able to demonstrate a compelling legitimate basis for such processing or we need to process your Personal Information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim.  You also have the right to object, at any time, to processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to Restrict Processing:  You have the right to request that we limit the processing of your Personal Information:
while we are evaluating or in the process of responding to a request by you to update or correct your Personal Information;
where such processing is unlawful and you do not want us to delete your data;
where we no longer require such data, but you want us to retain the data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim; and
where you have submitted an objection to processing based on our legitimate business interests, pending our response to such request.
Data Portability Requests:  You have the right to request that we provide you or a third party that you designate with certain of your Personal Information in a commonly used, machine-readable format.  Please note, however, that data portability rights apply only to Personal Information that we have obtained directly from you and only where our processing is based on consent or the performance of a contract.
If you believe our processing of your Personal Information violates the GDPR, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.  You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged violation.
D.         Submitting Requests
European Economic Area data subjects can submit requests by completing this form.  We will respond to all such requests within the timeframe required under the GDPR.  Please note, however, that certain Personal Information may be exempt from such rights pursuant to the GDPR.  In addition, we will not respond to any request unless we are able to appropriately verify the requester’s identity.  We may charge you a reasonable fee for subsequent copies of Personal Information that you request.  In addition, if we consider that a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may either request a reasonable fee to respond to the request or deny the request.
Terms & Conditions of Use
Published Date: February 4, 2019.
Effective Date: October 2, 2018.
These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to the websites of the Seminole Tribe of Florida doing business as Seminole Gaming, or its affiliates (collectively, “Seminole Gaming”), which include but are not limited to:
www.seminolehardrockhollywood.com
www.seminolehardrocktampa.com
www.seminolecoconutcreekcasino.com
www.seminoleimmokaleecasino.com
www.seminoleclassiccasino.com
www.seminolebrightoncasino.com
www.hardrockpoker.com
www.theseminolecasinos.com
www.gotoworkhappy.com
www.seminolewildcard.com
(collectively, the “Sites”).
We encourage you to read the Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Agreement”) carefully as it controls your use and access to the Sites, now and in the future.
YOUR USE OF THE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT.  SEMINOLE GAMING EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE, BY POSTING AN UPDATED VERSION OF THE AGREEMENT ON THE SITES. THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD REVIEW THE AGREEMENT WHENEVER YOU USE THE SITES. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THESE SITES CONSTITUTES YOUR CONSENT TO THE CURRENT AGREEMENT POSTED AT THE TIME OF YOUR VISIT.
DO NOT USE SEMINOLE GAMING SITES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS AGREEMENT.
1. RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS SITE.
We reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to modify, suspend or discontinue the Sites or any service, content, feature, or product offered through the Sites, with or without notice and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Sites, for any reason. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Sites, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites.
2. NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE.
You may not use the Sites for any unlawful purpose or in violation of any provision of applicable federal, state, and local laws or this Agreement. You may not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of our Sites, and you may not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you are prohibited from using any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our Sites or the Content contained herein, without the prior written consent from an authorized Seminole Gaming representative.
Transmission, distribution or storage of material or conduct in violation of any applicable local, state, provincial, federal or foreign law or regulation is prohibited. This includes, without limitation, any material that is obscene, defamatory or libelous, constitutes an illegal threat, violates rights of privacy or publicity, or infringes any third party’s intellectual property rights.
If we are notified of allegedly defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive content provided by a user, we may investigate the allegation and determine, at our sole discretion, whether to remove or request the removal of such content from the Sites.  Seminole Gaming may disclose any content or electronic communication of any kind: (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Sites; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Seminole Gaming, its users or third party service providers.
In the event of any unlawful or offensive use of Content of the Sites, we reserve the right to modify or remove any and all Content, functionality, and links contained on the Sites. If we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or any applicable law, we may, at any time, terminate, restrict, or modify all or part of your access, times of availability, and required equipment and software for use of the Sites, and take any action in response to such violation.
3. ERRORS, INACCURACIES, AND OMISSIONS.
Occasionally, the Sites may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors regarding product and service descriptions, availability, dates and pricing. We reserve the right to correct or update any errors or omissions and to periodically change any information at our sole and absolute discretion without any prior notice to you.
4. ONLINE ACCESS.
In order to access certain portions of the Sites, you may be required to log in to your account with Seminole Gaming. In doing so, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, and complete information about yourself. If you are under 21 years of age, you may not use the Sites, provided, however, that persons 18 years of age and older may use the Sites to enter contests to win a seat at poker tournaments.
The Sites may provide you with the ability to use passwords, usernames, or other codes or devices to gain access to restricted portions of the Sites (“access codes”). We reserve the right to prohibit the use of such access codes on your behalf by third parties if we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that such use interferes with our Sites’ operation or results in commercial benefits for other entities to our detriment.
You are solely responsible for all use of the Sites under your account information and for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information. You agree not to hold Seminole Gaming liable for any damages of any kind resulting from your disclosure of your account information to any third party, including, but not limited to, entities that aggregate account information or website content, or persons who are or claim to be acting as your agent, proxy or advisor. If you inform Seminole Gaming or Seminole Gaming has reason to believe that the security of your account may be or has been compromised, we have the right to suspend or terminate your use of the Sites or require that your account information be changed.
You agree to: (i) promptly notify Seminole Gaming of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of the Sites, and (ii) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
5. AGE POLICY.
Pursuant to law, persons under the age of 21 are not permitted to gamble at our property or loiter in casino areas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, persons who have obtained age of 18 may participate in class 2 poker and class 2 bingo games at our properties. Seminole Gaming will not grant credit to anyone under the age of 21. Persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to accept offers or win contests related to gambling, (except that persons 18 years of age and older may enter contests for poker tournaments), and we do not knowingly collect information from such persons.
The Sites are not intended for use by or directed to any person under the age of 18, including children under the age of 13 (“children”). Any use of the Sites by children or persons under the age of 18 should only be under the direct supervision of that minor’s parent or legal guardian.  We do not knowingly collect information from children or persons under the age of 18 through the Site.  If we obtain actual knowledge that we have inadvertently collected personal information relating to a child or person under the age of 18, we will delete that information from our records.  If you believe we might have any information from or about a child or person under the age of 18, please contact us at dataprotection@shrss.com.
6. CONTENT OF SITES.
Unless otherwise noted, the Sites and all content on the Sites, including all information, data, video, audio, graphics, logos, button icons, software and other materials contained on or that make up the Sites, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the “Content”), are owned, controlled or licensed by Seminole Gaming
You may access the Content for your personal use only. You may not copy, upload, download, post, transmit, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, or otherwise create derivative works from any of the Content contained on the Sites, except you may print copies of our Sites for your personal use. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license, title or right to the Content of the Sites. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the Content or the Sites.
Unless otherwise specified, the Site and the Content are intended to promote our products and services available in the United States.  The Site is controlled and operated by the Seminole Tribe of Florida doing business as Seminole Gaming from its offices located at 5701 Stirling Road, Davie, FL 33314.
7. CONTRIBUTED CONTENT.
Except for Personally Identifiable Information that we obtain from you pursuant to our Privacy Policy (https://www.theseminolecasinos.com/legal#privacy), any information you provide, including without limitation, any feedback, comments, suggestions and/or ideas you may submit to us (collectively, “Contributed Content”), is hereby deemed NONCONFIDENTIAL and NONPROPRIETARY, shall become the property of Seminole Gaming, and may be used by us for any purpose without restriction or obligation. Seminole Gaming is and shall be under no obligation:
(1) to maintain any Contributed Content in confidence;
(2) to pay compensation for any Contributed Content; or
(3) to respond to any Contributed Content.
Seminole Gaming has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any Contributed Content.  You agree that any Contributed Content you submit to us (1) is accurate; (2) does not violate any law or infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights, including copyright or trademark rights; and (3) contains no matter that is obscene, harassing, vulgar, defamatory or libelous, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates rights of privacy or publicity of a third party.  You further agree that your Contributed Content will not contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of Seminole Gaming or third parties as to the origin of any Contributed Content.  You are solely responsible for any Contributed Content you make and its accuracy.  Seminole Gaming takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Contributed Content posted by you or any third party.
8. PROHIBITED MATERIAL.
You may not post or transmit through the Sites: advertising or commercial solicitations; software or other materials that contain so-called viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, or other harmful or disruptive components; political campaign materials; chain letters; mass mailings; spam mail; material protected by copyright, trademark or any other proprietary right; any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Sites or the Content; or posts that express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Seminole Gaming. Additionally, you may not harvest or collect information about Site visitors without their express consent.
9. MONITORING.
Seminole Gaming or its representatives have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the Content of the Sites to determine compliance with this Agreement. We retain our right to and with our sole discretion, edit, refuse to post or remove any material that we find to be in violation of these conditions or that is otherwise objectionable or offensive. This same discretion applies to our right of disclosure of any material submitted to the Sites and circumstances surrounding its submission to any third party in order to operate the Sites properly and to protect our sponsors, our visitors, and ourselves and to comply with our legal obligations and government requests.
10. COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS.
Seminole Gaming respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in any way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide the Seminole Tribe of Florida’s copyright agent the written information specified below:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Sites;
Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Seminole Gaming’s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site can be reached as follows:
Seminole Tribe of Florida D/B/A Seminole Gaming
6300 Stirling Road, Suite 425
Hollywood, Florida 33024
Attn: Legal Department
11. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES.
The Sites may contain links to other websites. All links to other websites from the Sites are provided for convenience only. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, the content, products, or services that may be contained on the linked websites. We have no obligation or liability with respect to any access by you of any linked websites, or for your use of any information, products, or services on the linked websites.
You should be aware that, when you enter a linked website, you are subject to the privacy policies and terms and conditions of use which apply to that website. You should review those policies carefully after you execute the link.
12. CONTESTS.
From time to time we may offer and/or co-sponsor contests or promotions on the Site. Each of these activities shall be governed by specific rules accessible from the pages of the Site offering the promotion or when you submit your entry.
13. PRIVACY POLICY.
Seminole Gaming’s use of data collected via the Sites is governed by our Privacy Policy. A link to the Privacy Policy can be found at (https://www.theseminolecasinos.com/legal#privacy) or in the footer of any Seminole Gaming sites. Our Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
14. RESERVATION AND CANCELLATION POLICY.
To book a room through the Sites, you will be required to enter a valid credit card number to guarantee your reservation, as well as provide personal information including your name, address, and other contact information. Your credit card number will be verified using a checking sequence; we authorize payment(s) at this time that is consistent with payment process for each site. Select packages may require full prepayment. The Reservations page on each Site is secure, and for security purposes, you must be using a browser that supports the SSL standard. If you are not using an SSL browser, you can still access rate and availability information, and process your reservation request via our toll free numbers listed on each site.
Seminole Gaming takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Reservations page on each Site is secure. For more information about our current security methods, please see the Security section within the Privacy Policy (https://www.theseminolecasinos.com/legal#privacy).
Cancellations are pursuant to the specific Site's cancellation terms. Failure to make any cancellations pursuant to this provision will result in loss of deposit.
15. INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Seminole Gaming, its affiliates, third party service providers, and their respective directors, officers, employees, owners, licensors, licensees, and agents from and against all claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of a breach of this Agreement by you and/or your activities in connection with the Site or any services related to the Sites.  We may participate in the defense of any claim.  You shall not settle any claim that affects Seminole Gaming without our prior written approval.
16. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY; LEGAL DISCLAIMER.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SEMINOLE GAMING IS MAKING THE SITES AVAILABLE TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE SITES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  USE OF THE SITES, AND ANY MATERIALS, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.  SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SEMINOLE GAMING, ITS AFFILIATES, AND AGENTS WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER IN CONNECTION WITH OR RESULTING FROM ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY OF THE CONTENT ON THESE SITES OR FOR ANY DISRUPTIONS THESE SITES MAY CAUSE, OR FOR ANY RELIANCE ON OR USE OF SUCH CONTENT BY YOU.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SEMINOLE GAMING IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS OR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ADVERTISED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES. AS WITH ANY PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SEMINOLE GAMING SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF SEMINOLE GAMING IN THIS REGARD. SOME ASPECTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY IN SOME JURISDICTIONS IF PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE, NOTHING SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION AFFECTS YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SEMINOLE GAMING OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, VENDORS, SUPPLIERS OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS, CLAIM, OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE LAW OF YOUR STATE MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Nothing in the Agreement removes or limits SEMINOLE GAMING’S liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by its gross negligence, and, if required by applicable law, negligence.  IN ADDITION, SEMINOLE GAMING COMPLIES WITH THE EU/US PRIVACY SHIELD. PLEASE SEE THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR DETAILS (https://www.theseminolecasinos.com/legal#privacy).
17. SEVERABILITY.
The provisions of this Agreement are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.
18. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the applicable laws of the United States and the State of Florida, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Florida or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Florida. By using this website, you consent to the jurisdiction of the state courts of Broward County, Florida and the United States District Courts for the Southern District of Florida for any action or proceeding arising under or relating to this Agreement, the Sites, or the use of, or reliance on, the Sites.
19. CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
WHERE PERMITTED UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND SEMINOLE GAMING AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. Unless both you and the Seminole Tribe of Florida agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
20. CONTACT US.
If you have any questions or concerns about the Sites, the Agreement, or the Privacy Policy, please contact us at dataprotection@shrss.com.
Visit our Properties
Hard Rock Hollywood
Hard Rock Tampa
Coconut Creek
Immokalee
Brighton
Classic
PlayersEdge