http://www.mysterygamecentral.com/terms.html
Mystery Game Central - Murder Mystery Games and Party Kits
Home
Board Games
Party Games
Software
Jigsaw Puzzles
Online Games
News
Home 
Terms and Conditions
Mystery Game Central Terms and Conditions
Your use of our Internet sites or any of the products or services offered on our sites (collectively, the "Services")
is subject to these Terms of Use (these "Terms"). We may modify these Terms at any time without notice to you by posting
revised Terms on our site. Your use of this site constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any
modifications that we make. By viewing or accessing Mystery Game Central, you expressly agree to the following term
and conditions detailed below:
This web site is copyright 2020 by Mystery Game Central. All rights reserved. No part of Mystery Game Central
may be reproduced in any way, or by any means, without the prior written permission of Mystery Game Central.
Although Mystery Game Central attempts to ensure that all information contained on this website
is correct and complete, we accept no liability for errors or omissions, and reserve the right to
change or alter the content of the site at anytime.
Neither Mystery Game Central, any third party content provider, nor their respective agents shall be liable
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to
use the site, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Mystery Game Central does not make any warranty that the website is free from infection from viruses;
nor does any provider of content to the site or their respective agents make any warranty as to the results
to be obtained from use of the site.
Mystery Game Central includes a combination of content that we create, content our partners create, and content
provided by authors and publishers. All content on this web site is copyrighted as a collective work of Mystery Game Central pursuant to
applicable copyright law. This content is intended for your personal, noncommercial use and not for resale or other
transfer or disposition to any other person or entity. All materials published on our site is protected by
our copyrights or trademarks or those of our partners.
In addition, the names, images and other indicia identifying our
products and services are our proprietary marks. All other copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property
rights referred to in this website belong to their respective owners.
This website may contain links to other websites which are independent of this website. Mystery Game Central
makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, value, integrity, completeness
or authenticity of the information, content or opinions contained in any such linked website. These links may lead
to sites or links that contain offensive and objectionable content or which may contain computer viruses. You assume
the risk, and we hereby disclaim all responsibility, for any of the content on these sites or for any damage sustained
by users of these sites.
Mystery Game Central's privacy policy is applicable only when you are on our website.
Once you choose to visit to another website, you should read that website's privacy policy before disclosing any personal
information. Mystery Game Central is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites and the
existence of any link to another website shall not in any manner be construed as an endorsement by us of that website
or of the products or services described therein.
Mystery Game Central respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that any material on this
website infringes on any copyright which you own or control, or that any link on this website directs you to another
website that contains material that infringes on any copyright which you own or control, please contact us.
The software available for downloading through Mystery Game Central is provided by third party software vendors
pursuant to license agreements or other arrangements between such vendors and the end user. Mystery Game Central does
not sell, resell, or license any of the Software, and Mystery Game Central disclaims any responsibility for or
liability related to the software. Any questions, complaints or claims related to the software should be directed
to the appropriate vendor.
Mystery Game Central makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the quality, safety or suitability
of any software, either express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
There are inherent dangers in the use of any software available for downloading on the Internet, and Mystery Game Central
cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the potential risks before downloading any of the software.
You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any
of the software, and Mystery Game Central will not be liable for any damages that you may suffer in connection with
using, modifying or distributing any of the software.
The products featured on this site are collected from a number of online merchants, chosen for their wide
selection, fair prices, easy ordering, and excellent customer service. Mystery Game Central is not responsible for
stocking products, handling your payment, shipping products to you, or providing customer service for these
third-party products. If you have a question about your order, please contact the appropriate merchant's customer service department.
Most of the products and advertisements listed on Mystery Game Central are through an affiliate relationship
with the online merchant, in which Mystery Game Central may be compensated.
Additional Information About Mystery Game Central
About This Site
Contact Us
Link To Us
Privacy Policy
Find A Mystery Game
Mystery Game Information
Mystery Game FAQs
Mystery Game Links
Mystery Game Publishers
Mystery Game Authors
Mystery Game Reviews
Keep Up With Us
Free Subscriptions
Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us on Facebook
Copyright  2007-2020 by MysteryGameCentral.com  All Rights Reserved
About This Site 
Contact Us 
Link To Us 
Privacy Policy 
Terms 
Bookmark This Site 
Search 
What's New? 
RSS Feeds