http://www.rilot.com/en-us/contentpages/privacypolicy.html
TRYING TO PLACE A WAGER?
Install the app to get started
Download
Download
Home
Search
Search button
Enter search term
Close Navigation Panel
Games
Second Chance
Player Zone
Winning Numbers
Winners
About us
Financials
Retailer's Corner
Help
Back
Keno
eInstants
Bingo
The Numbers
Wild Money
Mega Millions
Powerball
Lucky For Life
Instant Games
Pull Tab Games
Video Lottery & Table Games
Back
Past winning numbers Keno
Past winning numbers Bingo
Past winning numbers The Numbers
Past winning numbers Wild Money
Past winning numbers Mega Millions
Past winning numbers Powerball
Past winning numbers Lucky For Life
Check Your Draw Game Ticket
Check Your Instant Ticket
Back
Second Chance
Holiday Exclusive Opt in
Merry Money Giveaway
Powerball First Millionaire of the Year
All Promotions
My Web Submissions
Notifications
FAQs
Results and Winners
Back
Player Zone
VIP Club
Hot and Cold Numbers
News
All Promotions
Calendar of Events
Drawings Schedule
Claiming Prizes
Unclaimed Prizes
Problem Gambling
Find a Retailer
FAQs
Mobile App
Playspot
Back
Winners
Winners Circle
RI Powerball
RI Mega Millions
RI Lucky for Life
Wild Money
Keno
The Numbers
Instant Games
Bingo
Back
About Us
Rhode Island Lottery Description
Contact Us
Rhode Island Lottery Timeline
Lottery Rules
Feedback Form
Skip to main content
About Us
Financial
Retailer's Corner
Help
Search
site navigation
Rhode Island Lottery
Home
Games
Play Keno
Play Now
eInstants
Play Now
Play Bingo
Play The Numbers
Play Wild Money
Play Mega Millions
Play Powerball
Play Lucky For Life
Play Instant Games
Video Lottery & Table Games
Pull Tab Games
Second Chance
Player Zone
Winning Numbers
Past winning numbers Keno
Past winning numbers Bingo
Past winning numbers The Numbers
Past winning numbers Wild Money
Past winning numbers Mega Millions
Past winning numbers powerball
Past winning numbers Lucky For Life
Check Draw Game Ticket
Check Instant Tickets
Winners
I DECLINE
I ACCEPT
Privacy Policy
Rhode
Island iLottery - Privacy
Policy
This Privacy
Policy ("Policy") describes the information collection, use, sharing, and
related practices applicable to the Services provided by the Rhode Island
Lottery.  This Policy is a legally-binding contract between the Rhode
Island Lottery and anyone who accesses or uses the Services.  As used in this Policy, the word "including"
means including, without limitation.  Capitalized terms not defined in
this Policy have the definitions set forth in the Rhode Island iLottery Terms
and Conditions ("Terms and Conditions").  If you have any questions about this Policy,
please call the Rhode Island iLottery Player Support Line at 1-800-288-2485.  If you do not want the Rhode Island Lottery to
collect, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Policy,
please do not use the Services.  By using
the Services, you consent to the collection and use of your information,
including Personally Identifiable Information (PII), as defined in the Terms
and Conditions and as outlined in this Policy.
By using the Services,
you consent to receive text/Short Message Service (SMS) messages (including
advertisements), data, emails, and information sent through other data channels,
pay carrier data, messaging, and other fees resulting from your usage of the
Services, and the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, and storage of your
personal and non-personal Information (including location information related
to your device) as described in this Policy.
This Policy is
incorporated into and is subject to the  Terms
and Conditions.  In the event of a conflict between this Policy and the Terms
and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions will control.  This Policy
governs the information collection, use, sharing, and related practices
applicable to the Services in Rhode Island only.
1. Information Collected by Rhode Island Lottery
Collection of
Information - Information
is collected from a variety of sources and in a variety of ways, including but
not limited to the Rhode Island iLottery App and/or Website, and your use of
the Services.
iLottery Account
Information - In
order to use the Services, you must register for a iLottery Account.  When
you register for an iLottery Account, the Rhode Island Lottery may access and
collect the information you provide including your name, telephone number, address,
email address, date of birth, password information, and any other information
used to identify an individual as the registered owner of the iLottery Account.
Additional information including your Social Security Number, account number,
financial institution information, and a government-issued photo identification
such as your driver's license, State identification card, or passport may also
be requested.  If you provide Rhode
Island Lottery with comments, feedback, or contact customer support, your name
and contact information, as well as any other content in your comment and/or
inquiry, may be collected in order to respond to you.
Location, Gaming,
and Transaction Information – By registering for and using an iLottery Account or the Services, you consent
to have your location verified by the Rhode Island Lottery's standard
geolocation check.  The Rhode Island
Lottery standard location check is automatically activated any time you attempt
to log into your iLottery Account and use the Services.  Your location will not be checked after you
leave the Services.  The Rhode Island
Lottery and/or its third-party service providers will collect information about
your physical location, your gaming activity, and all transactions associated
with your iLottery Account.  The Rhode Island Lottery may, if necessary,
share this information, and any other information collected about you, with other
government officials and/or agencies.
Device Information - When you use the Services, the
Rhode Island Lottery and its third-party service providers will use beacons and
geofencing/geolocation services to collect and analyze information about you,
your device, and your activity.  Information collected through this
technology may include the type of device, internet service provider and/or mobile
carrier you are using, your device identifiers, your (mobile) telephone number
and/or Internet Protocol (IP) address, your precise geographic location, and
your activities within the Services including the links you click, the pages or
screens you view, your session time, the number of times you click a
page/screen or use a feature of the Services, the date and time you click on a
page or use a feature; and the amount of time you spend on a page or using a
feature.  Information collected through this
technology is stored in log files.  Your
location will not be checked after you leave the Services.
Location Privacy - Information relating to your location and/or the location of your
mobile device may be shared with the Rhode Island Lottery contractors,
subcontractors, affiliates, and other third parties for a variety of reasons
including but not limited to (1) providing the product, services, or
transaction you requested, (2) legal purposes, and (3) marketing purposes.
Cookies, Third-Party
Advertisers, and Ad-Serving Companies - Third-party advertisers or ad-serving companies may sometimes deliver
(or "serve") advertisements that may appear on the Rhode Island iLottery App
and/or  Website directly to users.
These companies may automatically receive your IP address or other information
about your wireless device or personal computer when serving advertisements.  These third parties may also download cookies
to your computer or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons"
(also known as "1×1 gifs"), to measure the effectiveness of the advertisements
served and to personalize advertising content.  Doing this allows the
advertiser or ad network to recognize your computer or wireless device each
time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of
the ad and to personalize advertising content.  These companies may
compile information about the sites or services visited when seeing
advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked.  The Rhode
Island Lottery does not access or have control of the cookies that these third-party
advertisers or ad networks may place.  Likewise, third-party advertisers
and ad networks do not have access to your personal information stored with the
Rhode Island Lottery unless you choose to share it with them.  This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of
tracking technologies or personal data by any such third-party advertisers or
ad networks.  The Rhode Island Lottery encourages you to learn about the
privacy practices of those third parties.
Wi-Fi and Location
Information - In
your use of the Services, the Rhode Island Lottery may collect information
(directly or through third-party service providers) that includes the type of device
you are using, your device identification number, session time, etc.  There are Federal law prohibitions and
restrictions relating to wagering on the Internet (including such prohibitions
and restrictions set out in 18 U.S.C. §§ 1084 et seq. ("The Wire Act") and 31
U.S.C. §§ 5361 through 5367 ("Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act").  Except where permitted by applicable law, it
is a Federal offense for pers ons physically located outside of Rhode Island to
engage in accessing the Services.  The Rhode
Island Lottery and its service providers utilize several current technologies,
and may use future technologies, in order to (1) verify your physical location
while you are accessing the Services and (2) improve the location-based
services.  This technology reports your
physical location from the Internet-connected device that you choose and from
which you are accessing the Services.  The
technology obtains your precise or near precise physical location by accessing
your device Global Positioning System (GPS) coordinates and reports the
physical and geographic location of the Internet-connected device from which
you are accessing the Services to the Rhode Island Lottery, its service
providers, and/or applicable regulatory agencies.  If you turn off the location settings or
withdraw such consent, you will not be able to access the Services.  Your location information is retained during
the time your iLottery Account is active plus one 1) year, or as otherwise
required by applicable State and Federal laws and/or regulations.  Location coordinate data is transmitted via
Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology and stored in password-protected servers
managed by the Rhode Island Lottery and its geolocation and service providers.  The Rhode Island Lottery and its service
providers will not pass on or resell your location information to any third
party except to reserve the right to provide location information as necessary
to satisfy any law, regulation, or government agency request.
Threat Detection - The Rhode Island Lottery and its
third-party service providers may automatically collect certain information to
provide threat detections, user authentication, and fraud prevention
services.  The Rhode Island Lottery may
track and collect certain information about your visits to the Rhode Island
iLottery App and/or Website and use of the Services in order to monitor
potential threats or bad actors.
2. How the Rhode Island Lottery Uses Information Collected
Marketing Purposes – The Rhode Island
Lottery may use the information collected for marketing purposes including
notifying you of special promotions, offers, and events via push notifications,
email, and other means, including SMS messaging.  The Rhode Island Lottery
may also link personal information (including your name, mobile phone number,
and email address) with non-personal information (including information
collected through geolocation and Wi-Fi services) and use such information for
marketing purposes.  If you do not want your personal information used for
marketing purposes, you may opt-out by calling the iLottery Player Support Line
at 800-288-2485.
Non-Marketing Purposes - Information collected may be used for
non-marketing purposes including (1) validating your identity and/or confirming
your geographic location, (2) sending you push notifications or emails to
provide you with alerts and updates about your iLottery Account and the
Services, (3) monitoring, processing, and recording gaming-related activity,
(4) conducting statistical or demographic analysis, (5) processing and tracking
gaming and non-gaming transactions, (6) complying with legal and regulatory
requirements, (7) improving the quality of and customizing your experience with
the Services, (8) protecting and defending the Division of Lotteries of the
Rhode Island Department of Revenue, including its agents, contractors, and any
parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Rhode Island
iLottery App and/or Website on behalf of the Rhode Island Lottery, including,
but not limited to, IGT Global Solutions Corporation, all employees and
officers of these entities, their successors and assigns a gainst legal actions
or claims, (9) preventing fraud, (10) debt collection, (11) satisfying
contractual obligations, (12) responding to your inquiries or other requests; and
(13) cooperating with law enforcement or other government agencies for purposes
of investigations, national security, public safety, or matters of public
importance when it is believed that disclosure of information is necessary or
appropriate to protect the public interest (collectively "Non-Marketing
Purposes").
Cookies – The Rhode Island Lottery may
use cookies and log file information to (1) remember information so you will
not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you use or visit
the Services, (2) provide custom and personalized content, advertisements, and
information, (3) monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, and (4)
monitor aggregate usage metrics.
Tax Obligations – A Lottery prize is considered
income and a taxable event when claimed or received.  Accordingly, the Rhode Island Lottery will
disclose the amount of your winnings and other related information to the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the State of Rhode Island, and other
appropriate taxing authorities.
Other Disclosure - Regardless of the choices you make regarding your personal
information, the Rhode Island Lottery may disclose personal information if such
disclosure is necessary to  comply with
relevant laws, to respond to subpoenas or warrants, in connection with any
legal or regulatory investigation, to protect or defend its rights or property
or that of its users, and/or to investigate or assist in preventing any
violation or potential violation of this Policy and/or the Terms and Conditions.
How to Opt-Out - If you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from the
Rhode Island Lottery, call the iLottery Player Support Line at 1-800-288-2485.  Although you may opt-out of the use and
sharing of personal information for marketing purposes, the Rhode Island
Lottery may still use and share information collected for non-marketing
purposes when necessary.
3. Security
Data Storage - Non-gaming information, non-live
gaming data, and wagering data collected by the Rhode Island Lottery through
the Services is stored on secure servers located in the State of Rhode
Island.  The Rhode Island Lottery makes
no representation that the practices described in this Policy are compliant
with laws outside of the United States.
Rhode
Island Lottery servers are protected by firewalls and other industry-standard
security measures.  These security
measures are intended to protect the servers from unauthorized access.  However, no security system is impenetrable;
and these systems could become accessible in the event of a security
breach.  Controls are in place that are
designed to detect potential data breaches, contain and minimize the loss of
data, and conduct forensic investigations of a breach.
The Rhode Island Lottery cannot enforce
or control, and is not responsible for, the security of the computers,
electronic devices, or electronic communication method that you may use.  You are responsible for ensuring that the
computers, electronic devices, and electronic communication methods you use
will provide adequate security.
The Rhode Island Lottery takes
reasonable steps recognized in the industry to ensure that the communication
methods used to support the Services do not permit connection or communication
by methods that have known security weaknesses or vulnerabilities.  Should
you experience trouble using the Services, it may be an indication that you
need to upgrade to a newer version that supports more secure communication
methods.
In situations where your personal
information is collected by third-party service providers under contract for
performance of their contractual duties and other purposes, the Rhode Island
Lottery requires such third parties to exercise appropriate care to protect
that information and restrict the use of your personal information to the
purposes for which it was provided.
4. Access to Personal Information
Retention – The Rhode Island Lottery will
retain the information collected about you as long as your iLottery Account is
active plus one (1) year, or as otherwise required by applicable State and Federal
laws and/or regulations.  When your iLottery
Account is terminated, the Rhode Island Lottery will retain your personal information
for as long as necessary to comply with its legal and regulatory obligations,
resolve disputes, reasonably manage its business, and enforce contractual
agreements.  You may access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your
personal information by calling the iLottery Player Support Line at 1-800-288-2485.
5.
Other Websites
Privacy - This policy applies only to Rhode
Island Lottery.  It does not apply to the practices of companies not
controlled, or to people not employed, by the Rhode Island Lottery.  The Rhode
Island Lottery is not responsible for the information collection or privacy
practices of other websites, including websites accessible through the Services
You should review and understand the privacy policies posted on any linked
sites you visit before using those sites or providing any personal information
on them.
6.
Persons Under Eighteen (18)
Restrictions - These Services are for use by
persons eighteen (18) years of age or older.  If you are under eighteen (18)
years old, you may not access, attempt to access, or use the Services.  The
Rhode Island Lottery will not knowingly collect or allow the collection of
personal information via the Services from persons under eighteen (18).
If the Rhode Island Lottery determines it collected the personal information of
someone under eighteen (18) years of age, it will take the appropriate steps,
as required by law, to protect this information.  If you are a parent or guardian and discover
that your child has submitted personal information to the Rhode Island Lottery,
call the iLottery Player Support Line at 1-800-288-2485.
7.
Changes to Policy
Notifications - This Policy may be revised from
time to time.  Notification of any material revisions will be posted on
the Rhode Island iLottery Mobile App and Website and/or emailed to you.  Material changes to the Policy may require acknowledgement
of your acceptance of such change.  For
non-material changes, where an acknowledgement is not required, your continued
access or use of the Services following any revisions to the Policy constitutes
your acceptance of the Policy as revised.  It is your sole
responsibility to review the Policy and any revisions each time you use the
Services.
Close
FEATURES
VIP+
PURCHASE POWER
VIP
STANDARD
Winning Numbers
Promotions
Play Keno Online
Play eInstant Games
Second Chance Drawings
REGISTER
Log in using your details
Email Address
Password
Forgot password?
I agree to Terms of Use & Rules
Log In