http://www.centresoft.co.uk/index/privacy
CentreSoft
Home/
Products/
Company/
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018
Centresoft Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal/business information We collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us (“Personal Information”). Centresoft Ltd act as the data controller regarding your personal/business information. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Information and how We will treat it. By visiting www.centresoft.co.uk you are acknowledging to the practices described in this policy.
Centresoft uses cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. For more information about Centresoft use of cookies please see our Cookie Policy, which is also incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy.
Centresoft reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://www.centresoft.co.uk/index/privacy, so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If We make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you in our Privacy Policy as posted and on our home page.
Scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites or online properties to which our website may link, and you accept We are not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third party websites or properties or systems. In some instances, we may direct you to a site that is operated by a vendor or partner. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by our vendor or partner.
This Privacy Policy does not cover Personal Information provided when you apply for a job at Centresoft.
Information We collect from you Centresoft collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in more detail, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information, including for marketing and promotional purposes. We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site www.centresoft.co.uk ("our site") or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, search for a product on our site. The information you give us include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and password.
In order to be able to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, we collect Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution.
We do not collect any credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products online. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. In specific cases, you also have the option to provide Information (such as your email address) to CentreSoft for the purpose of sending you additional information or offers.
Information We collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site We will automatically collect the following information:
When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of our site, such as websites you visited before and after you used our site, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, advertising ID. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively referred to as “Cookies”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies to serve ads in our site. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details.
Centresoft collects, processes, and combines data such as your, name, email address, marketing preferences and customer service information.
Receive Newsletters on Products, Receive Marketing Emails, and/or Surveys
We offer you the ability to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email about our products and services. At any time, you can manage your preferences from your account settings and stop receiving further newsletters by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you.
Cookies We use cookies and/or similar technologies on our site, for more information about our use of cookies please see our Cookie Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy.
Uses made of the information As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below.
Performance of the Services
We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to:
administer your business account;
or provide customer service.
Consent We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing:
newsletters and direct e-mails about our Products; If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous enquiry. If you are a new customer, and where We permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please advise CentreSoft in writing; and
certain other marketing features.
Legitimate Interest We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing:
to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;
to debug and improve our current and future site including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
in order to personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences; and
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity.
Legal Obligation We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Disclosure of your information
As set out below in more detail, Centresoft shares Information with: Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Vendors and Partners
Vendors and partners provide goods and services (for example, platform providers, billing, consumer services support, information technology hardware and software) to CentreSoft in order to support, operate and develop our site and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Personal Information to execute, deliver and/or from time to time improve the services they provide. We do not share Personal Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent;
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but We will provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the Personal Information We have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience;
Law We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.
This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United Kingdom where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
Legal Rights We will disclose your Personal Information, where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials.
Protecting Others We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person.
Sale of Our Business or Assets Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Centresoft’s customer information including Personal Information and communications may be transferred to our successor or assign.
Where We store your Personal Information The data that We collect from you will be stored in the UK, we take commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Security All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. We take a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information). For example, any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. We also take steps to ensure that the Personal Information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. Where We have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. In addition, we request vendors who process Personal Information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your Personal Information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any Personal Information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed.
Your rights to your Personal Information You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your Personal Information. To access or delete your personal information, you can also make a request by using the contact details set out in the Contact section below.
You may object to the processing of your Personal Information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may, in particular, control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time.
In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer Personal Information that you have provided to us. You can send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contact section below.
Where we rely on your consent in order to process your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can do so by using the contact details set out in the Contact section below.
We delete your Personal Information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your Personal Information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your Personal Information. For example, we may still retain your Personal Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your Personal Information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your Personal Information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems for approximately three months.
We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your Personal Information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.
Contact Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Trade Sales, CentreSoft Limited, 6 Pavilion Drive, Holford, Birmingham B6 7BB or sales@centresoft.co.uk
©2020 CentreSoft Limited.
All copyrights and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
All rights reserved.
Company registration number
1673860.
Home
About us
Contact us
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions