https://www.partygameideas.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Party Game Ideas Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.partygameideas.com.
We offer diy and printable party games and related content and are based in Orlando, Florida.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
a. Contact Form – Name, email, message content for the purpose of correspondence to users who contact us directly. Depending on the nature of the email, the information may be kept for up to seven years.
b. Email Newsletter Sign-Up – Name and email consent is used to sign up for our email newsletter is used solely for the communication of Party Game Ideas via email to those on our email list.  Party Game Ideas does not sell, rent nor share our email list with any outside websites or marketing agencies. Users have an opt-out option that is included with every Party Game Ideas email. Our mailing list is managed by MailChimp, view MailChimp Privacy Policy.
c. Party Game Ideas game sale purchase – Transaction information includes name, email, items purchased, how purchase was made cc, e-check or Paypal account and location to record applicable sales tax. This information is recorded to confirm purchase, enable proper custom service in case of product purchase issues, and have record of buyer. This information is held for eight years for tax reporting information. This information is not shared or sold with any third party sources for marketing. Party Game Ideas does not receive nor handle or store credit card information, PayPal handles all of the transactions and the security of the transaction.
d. Cookies – Party Game Ideas does not use or set any site cookies to track users. Third party cookies are noted below.
e. Free downloadable pdfs – Party Game Ideas offers a limited amount of free downloadable pdf’s on the web site. Party Game Ideas does not track who downloads this information at this time.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact Forms
Name, email, message content for the purpose of correspondence and customer service for users who contact us directly. Email responses to contact form submission is dependent on the content of the message. Depending on the nature of the email, the information may be kept for up to seven years. None of this information is used for marketing purposes or shared with third party marketing/sales services.
Party Game Ideas Cookies
Party Game Ideas site does not set unique cookies for our visitors.
Third Party Cookies & Tracking
Party Game Ideas utilizes advertising services, affiliate links, analytical services, and social media page sharing services. These services in almost all cases do not collected personal data unless you take action on another web site.
– Google Adsense provides ad service to improve the user experience by showing relevant advertisements that help support our web site. Learn about Google’s Privacy and Terms.
– Affiliate links Advertising Partners (text and banner) Party Game Ideas uses text and banner affiliate linked advertisements and products on the site, so that businesses can track what web site referred the user to their site and in case a sale or purchase is a made then a commission, lead or referral fee can be credited to Party Game Ideas.
Our Advertising Partners include:
Amazon, CJ.com, Ebay, ImpactRadius, Linkshare, Pepperjam Network, ShareaSale,  and more. See the full list and links to their Privacy Policies on our Affiliate Privacy Policy page.
– Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is used as a data processor collecting user page visits, path through site, referral of site visitor and user experience. This information does not identify the unique user/visitor. Party Game Ideas controls and stores this data from 26 up to 50 months. Analytics data is for internal purposes only and not sold or shared with any third party sites, apps or businesses
Google Analytic Advertising identifiers
Where customers use Google Analytics Advertising Features, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing (Party Game Ideas does not currently use remarketing services.) on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’ Ads Settings, the Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features and Google’s EU User Consent policy, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the Google Advertising Privacy FAQ. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained.
IP Address
Google Analytics uses IP addresses to derive the geolocation of a visitor, and to protect the service and provide security to our customers. Customers may apply IP masking so that Google Analytics uses only a portion of an IP address collected, rather than the entire address.
– YouTube Embedded Content
Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. View YouTube Terms & Google’s Privacy and Terms
– Social sharing apps use data to allow social sharing and track the popularity of the social sharing. Party Game Ideas uses two sharing services Elegant Themes Monarch – Privacy Policy and ShareThis – Privacy Policy.
Who we share your data with
Party Game Ideas does not share any personal data with anyone.
How long Party Game Ideas keeps stored data
Party Game Ideas keeps data as follows: Contact Forms / Customer correspondence for a year, Customer correspondence concerning refunds or financial transactions for eight years, Financial data associated with product purchases eight years, Analytic records 38 months before being deleted.
If you leave a comment and the comment is approved for publishing, it and its metadata are retained indefinitely unless the page or the comments are deleted.
What rights do you have over your data
Submission of a comment, grants Party Game Ideas the right to publish the comment. To have a comment removed from Party Game Ideas the user can submit a response on the same submission page requesting the removal of the comment, note the email address must match the original submission email.
Where we send your data
Since we do not require any personal data in order to use the web site or hold any personal financial information we do not transfer personal data about individuals to third party sites.
Can children use our services?
Party Game Ideas does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Purchase of Party Game Ideas Games
Party Game Ideas offers a variety of printable games for sale utilizing PayPal to complete the transaction. As a result, Party Game Ideas has access to the buyer’s name, email, transaction amount, and items ordered for purchase conformation and customer service issues; this information is stored e-Junkie.com, which handles the delivery of the product and at PayPal which handles the financial transaction. We DO NOT have access to credit card numbers or your Paypal financial information. None of the personal information is sold or used by any third parties for any purpose. View E-Junkie’s Privacy Policy, View PayPal’s Privacy Policy.
How we protect your data
Party Game Ideas does not store any personal data on it’s site or database, all personal data of our users are stored on secure web sites of our affiliate partners, MialChimp, e-Junkie and/or PayPal.
By using the Party Game Ideas web site you except and acknowledge the privacy and cookie policies of our web site. Those not excepting of these policies should discontinue use of our web site immediately.
CategoriesHolidays & Events
Christmas Games
Christmas Games by Age
Printable Christmas Games
Gift Exchanges
Adult Christmas Games
Kids Christmas Games
Social Distancing Party Ideas
Birthday
1st Birthday Party
Kids Party Games
Printable Birthday Games
Grown Up Games
Events
Baby Shower Games
Bachelorette Party Games
Bridal Shower Games
Dinner Party
Family Reunion
Wedding Anniversary Games
Party Planning
Christmas Party Ideas
Email Newsletter Sign-Up
Recent Posts
Christmas Drink If Game
Adult Christmas Games, Blog, Printable Christmas Games
10 Christmas Zoom Party Games
Blog
Christmas Carol Bible Trivia Game
Adult Christmas Games, Blog, Printable Christmas Games
Christmas Bible Trivia Questions
Adult Christmas Games, Blog, Printable Christmas Games
Social Distancing Gift Exchange Ideas
Blog, Christmas Party Planning, Gift Exchanges
Search for:
Shops & Savings
You May Like
By continuing to browse or clicking “Accept” you agree to the usage of third party cookies and analytics to analyze site usage.Accept Reject Read Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Pin It on Pinterest