https://www.aristocrat.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Aristocrat Leisure Limited (ACN 002818368), Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 001 660 715), Aristocrat Technologies, Inc., and the entities listed in the “Contacting Aristocrat & Local Data Controllers” section below (‘Aristocrat’, ‘our’, ‘us’ or ‘we’) are committed to complying with obligations under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the ‘Privacy Act’) (including the Australian Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Act (the ‘APPs’)), respectively, and all other applicable global data privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
This Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information that Aristocrat collects, uses, discloses, transfers, stores and handles, including Personal Information collected through our websites. The controller of Personal Information we collect is the Aristocrat entity in your country listed in the “Contacting Aristocrat & Local Data Controllers” section below.
In this policy, ‘Personal Information’ means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, directly or indirectly, and any other information that is deemed personal information under applicable law.
For individuals residing in the European Union (‘EU’) or United Kingdom (‘UK’), please refer to “Section for Individuals Located in the EU and the UK” below of this policy which provides additional information in accordance with EU and UK privacy law.
Aristocrat also has a specific Credit Policy in relation to the collecting and handling of credit information and credit eligibility information, including credit related Personal Information, which applies in addition to this Privacy Policy where Aristocrat collects, holds or uses this kind of information in Australia or through our Australian businesses.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
How Personal Information is collected by Aristocrat
Aristocrat is one of Australia’s premium suppliers of ground-breaking technologies and services to the gaming industry. We collect Personal Information so that we can provide our goods and services, and information about those goods and services, to customers, end users and other interested parties.
We collect most Personal Information directly from you. For example, we will collect your Personal Information from you when you:
register on our websites;
interact with our sites, services, content and advertising;
interact with us at a tradeshow or event;
submit your resume;
request information from Aristocrat;
communicate with us through correspondence, chats, email, over the phone or when you share information with us from other social applications, services or websites; or
apply for a credit account with us.
Sometimes we may collect Personal Information about you from other people or organisations. This may happen without your direct involvement. For example, we may collect Personal Information about you from:
other Aristocrat related bodies corporate;
other organisations, who jointly with us, provide products or services to you;
our customers, including venues or clubs that use our gaming systems or other systems software;
any recruitment consultant, your previous employers and others who may be able to provide information to us to assist in our decision on whether or not to make you an offer of employment or engage you under a contract;
any third-party social media platform such as LinkedIn or Google+ in connection with our recruitment and HR processes; or
if you apply for a credit account with us, from credit providers and credit reporting bodies.
What kinds of Personal Information does Aristocrat collect and hold?
The kinds of Personal Information we collect will depend on the purpose(s) for which we are collecting it. For example, in each of the instances above, we may collect:
your name;
e-mail address;
phone number;
mailing address;
age or date of birth;
employment details (such as work address and job title);
position and contact telephone number;
payment details;
your device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from our sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information;
details of the products and services we have provided to you or that you have enquired about, including any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and respond to your enquiries;
credit information, including any late or outstanding payment you owe to us;
your activity on our websites, or services;
any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our website, or indirectly through your use of our website or online presence or through other social applications, services, websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information;
information you provide us through customer surveys; and
other Personal Information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
If you do not provide certain requested Personal Information to Aristocrat, Aristocrat may not be able to provide you with access to and use of our websites, provide you with access to Aristocrat’s other products and services, or fulfil one or more of its functions and activities applicable to you.
Additional information on certain categories of Personal Information which Aristocrat collects are set out below.
Personal Information relating to patrons or members of our customers
If you are a patron or member of one of our customers, we may collect the following types of Personal Information in connection with the provision of our services to our customers:
your name;
contact details (including home address, phone number and email address);
identification details (e.g. drivers licence, passport, pension card and other ID types);
membership details (which may include details regarding your use of venue services and facilities, rewards points and historical touch points); and
gaming information, records and statistics associated with you.
Personal Information relating to employees, applicants and contractors
In addition, when you apply for a job or position with us or become a contractor or vendor, we may collect certain Personal Information from you (including your name, address, contact details, country of residence, working history, education history, qualifications, social security number, employer identification number, tax information, banking information and relevant records checks) as part of the application or onboarding process.
If you are or have previously been employed by us in Australia, this Privacy Policy does not apply to our acts and practices in relation to employee records of our current and former employees in Australia, which are exempt from the Privacy Act.
Personal Information relating to regulatory background checks and compliance obligations
Aristocrat operates in a heavily regulated industry. We may be required to conduct extensive background checks on our directors, officers and employees, as well as their families, in order to comply with applicable gaming and liquor laws and regulations. We may also be required to collect Personal Information from our vendors and/or customers in connection with our compliance obligations. We may collect the following types of Personal Information in such circumstances, some of which may be considered sensitive Personal Information in some countries:
name;
date and place of birth information;
contact information (such as home address, telephone number, mobile number and email address);
health information (such as height, weight, gender, hair colour, eye colour, complexion and facial characteristics) (may be considered sensitive Personal information);
government related identifiers (such as passport, driver’s license and tax file numbers);
employment and education history;
marital information;
criminal history (may be considered sensitive Personal Information); and
financial details and information.
Personal Information collected to conduct such regulatory and compliance checks may be collected directly from the relevant individual, or from third parties. Aristocrat may also use third party services to assist in conducting background checks.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The purposes for which information is collected, used and disclosed
Aristocrat may use and disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes:
to enable you to access and use our websites and services;
to manage our relationship with you;
to assess your credit application, service and manage any credit account, register any security interests and when necessary, undertake debt recovery action;
to operate, protect, improve and optimise our websites, services, business and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and training and for advertising and marketing;
to send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you;
subject to possible limitations and qualifications set out in applicable laws, to send you marketing and promotional messages and other information and offers that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our business partners that we think you may find interesting;
subject to possible limitations and qualifications set out in applicable laws, to administer rewards, surveys, contests or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties;
to consider your employment application and where applicable, to carry out the employment relationship;
where you are a patron or member of one of our customers:
for onboarding purposes (i.e. from the existing gaming system to the relevant Aristocrat gaming system);
to train staff of the relevant customer to use the Aristocrat gaming system;
to provide software support to the relevant customer; and
in the event of late payment or bankruptcy, to collect funds due to us.
Direct marketing
We and/or our carefully selected business partners may send you direct marketing communications, information and offers about services and products that we think may interest you. This may take the form of emails, SMS, mail or other forms of communication. You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting our Privacy Officer using the details set out below or by using the opt-out facilities provided in our communications (e.g. an unsubscribe link).
Where required by applicable law, we will only send you email or SMS marketing emails with your consent.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Subject to restrictions and conditions set out in applicable laws, we may disclose Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy to:
our employees and related bodies corporate;
third party suppliers and service providers (including providers for the operation, optimisation or promotion of our websites and/or our business, in connection with your employment application or in connection with providing our products and services to you);
professional advisers, dealers and agents;
payment systems operators (e.g. merchants receiving card payments);
our existing or potential agents, business partners or other partners;
our sponsors or promoters of any competition that we conduct via our services;
anyone to whom our assets or businesses (or any part of them) are transferred;
specific third parties authorised by you to receive information held by us;
credit reporting bodies and credit providers; and
other persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies, courts, tribunals, law enforcement agencies, arbitrators, mediators or conciliators, as required, authorised or permitted by law, including in connection with disputes or litigation.
Disclosure of Personal Information outside of Australia
We may disclose your Personal Information outside of Australia. This includes to:
our related bodies corporate located in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Spain, Ukraine, Russia and other European countries, New Zealand, India, Singapore, Macau, Philippines, and other Asia-Pacific countries, Israel and in other regions such as Latin America and South America;
our global service providers including those located in the United States, United Kingdom, India, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa, Sweden and Macau; and
relevant regulators based outside of Australia (including in the United States, United Kingdom, Belgium, Greece, Romania, South Cyprus, Spain, Bulgaria, Singapore and Macau) where required in connection with licensing and other requirements under relevant gaming and liquor laws and regulations.
Disclosures of Personal Information outside of the country where the Information was collected will be carried out in compliance with applicable laws which may include obtaining consent or requiring compliance with applicable laws through contractual obligations. As a result of these disclosures the Personal Information may be subject to the laws of jurisdictions other than your own country.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may hold your Personal Information in either electronic or hard copy form. We take reasonable steps to protect and secure your Personal Information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as from unauthorised modification, access or disclosure. We use a number of appropriate physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures for such protection of your Personal Information. For example, we may implement data encryption for data at rest and in transit, multi-factor encryption, access restrictions, as well as other controls necessary to secure such data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may hold your Personal Information in either electronic or hard copy form. We take reasonable steps to protect and secure your Personal Information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as from unauthorised modification, access or disclosure. We use a number of appropriate physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures for such protection of your Personal Information. For example, we may implement data encryption for data at rest and in transit, multi-factor encryption, access restrictions, as well as other controls necessary to secure such data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information.
PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY ON OUR WEBSITE
At Aristocrat, your right to privacy and data security is a primary concern. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the Personal Information you provide to us during a visit to our Website or when you use our online support offerings.
Customised Experience
New technologies are emerging on the internet that help us deliver customized visitor experiences. When you look at our websites, Aristocrat may make a record of your visit and log the following information for statistical or advertising purposes:
your server address;
your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc);
the date, duration and time of your visit to the site;
the pages you accessed and documents downloaded;
how you navigate through the site and interact with pages;
your location information;
the previous site you have visited; and
the type of browser you are using.
If you do not want us to collect this information, please do not access our websites.
Cookies
We may also use ‘cookies’ or other similar tracking technologies on our websites that help us track your website usage and remember your preferences. A cookie is a small data file that can be used to track internet use. They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions. More information about cookies can generally be found in the “help” (or similar) section of your computer’s internet browser.
At Aristocrat, we primarily use cookies to help us determine which service and support information is appropriate to your machine. Aristocrat has no desire or intent to infringe your privacy while using our websites. Cookies can be either “persistent” or “session” based. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer, contain an expiration date, and may be used to track your browsing behaviour upon return to the issuing website. Session cookies are short-lived, are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you quit your browser.
When you first access our websites you will be given the choice to enable or disable cookies through our cookie banner. You can revisit your choice at any time by going to the cookie tool bar which you can access on our website by clicking on the wheel symbol at the bottom left of your screen. You can also disable cookies on your web browser.  For instructions on how to block or delete cookies please consult your browser’s privacy or help documentation. Disabling cookies may interfere with your use and enjoyment of our websites.
Third Parties and Interest-based Advertising
Aristocrat does not sell Personal Information to third parties. Aristocrat does permit third parties to collect Personal Information through our websites and share Personal Information with third parties for business purposes. These business purposes are described above and include providing advertising on our websites and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called “interest-based advertising”). The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies.  To learn more, please click here or here. To learn about how Google processes your personal data and what choices you may have, visit their site here.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms
Some web browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Third-party sites
Please be aware that our websites contain links to websites operated by third parties. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. The information practices of those third-party websites linked to the Aristocrat websites and apps are not covered by this Privacy Policy. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from this Privacy Policy, so we encourage you to read them before using those websites.
Secrecy of passwords and account information
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online. If you post Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, Aristocrat cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may request that Aristocrat confirm whether it holds any Personal Information about you and, where applicable, request that Aristocrat provide you with a copy of your Personal Information. Sometimes, we may not be able to provide you with access to all of your Personal Information and, where this is the case, we will tell you why. We may also need to verify your identity when you request your Personal Information.
If you think that any of the Personal Information we hold about you is inaccurate, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.
Subject to applicable law, you may also have rights to request that we delete Personal Information that Aristocrat holds about you, to request that we provide such information to you in a portable format, or to request additional information about how we collect or disclose your Personal Information.  You may also have the right to withdraw the consent that you previously provided.
How to make a complaint
If you think we have breached the Privacy Act, or you wish to make a complaint about the way we have handled your Personal Information, you can contact us using the details set out below. You should include your name, email address and/or telephone number and clearly describe your complaint. We will acknowledge your complaint and respond to you regarding your complaint within a reasonable period of time. If you are unhappy with our response to your complaint, please let us know and we will provide you with information about the further steps you can take. You may also file a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Some specific processes and procedures apply to queries and complaints regarding credit related Personal Information. Please refer to our Credit Policy.
Contacting Aristocrat & Local Data Controllers
If you have any questions about Aristocrat’s handling of Personal Information, or if you wish to make an access or correction request or complaint, you should contact the Aristocrat Privacy Officer by one of the following methods:
By telephone:
02 9013 6300 (switchboard) (from outside Australia +61 2 9013 6300)
By email:
privacy@aristocrat.com
By post:
Privacy Officer
Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Limited
85 Epping Road, North Ryde NSW 2113, Australia
A list of Local Data Controllers is available here (contact via privacy@aristocrat.com email address).
Section for Individuals located in the European Union (‘EU’) and the United Kingdom (‘UK’)
This section is for individuals located in the EU or UK whose Personal Information is collected, used, disclosed, stored and/or otherwise handled by Aristocrat as described in this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, “Personal Information” in this section means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person (directly or indirectly) located in the EU or UK.
1. Controller and Contact Details
Aristocrat Technologies Europe Ltd (‘Aristocrat’, ‘our’, ‘us’ or ‘we’) is the controller of Personal Information that we collect and process about you, and is committed to complying with its obligations under applicable EU and UK privacy laws.
If you have any questions about this section of the Privacy Policy or Aristocrat’s handling of Personal Information – or if you wish to exercise your Personal Information rights or make a complaint – you may contact us by one of the following methods:
By Email:
privacy@aristocrat.com
By Post:
Privacy Officer or HR Department
Aristocrat Technologies Europe Ltd.
25 Riverside Way, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2YF, UK
2. Personal Information We Collect and Use
In addition to the Personal Information described in the sections above (i.e., “How Personal Information is collected by Aristocrat” and “What kinds of Personal Information does Aristocrat collect and hold?”), in some cases we may also collect Personal Information that is classified as “Sensitive Information” under EU and UK privacy laws, including police checks. Where this is the case, we only collect such Sensitive Information in compliance with EU and UK privacy laws. This Sensitive Information is only accessible by restricted staff within Aristocrat and is only disclosed to an entity (generally the relevant regulatory or government authority or agency) when we have a legal or regulatory obligation to do so.
3. Purposes and Legal Basis for Collection and Use of Personal Information
To understand the purposes for which we collect and use Personal Information, please refer to the section above titled “The purposes for which information is collected, used and disclosed”. With regards to those purposes, we may collect, use and disclose Personal Information per the following legal basis:
to perform our contractual obligations – such as to manage business relationship with our customers and obtain professional, financial, technical, administrative or other advice and services in connection with the operation of Aristocrat’s business;
to comply with applicable EU and/or UK legal obligations;
for our legitimate interests – such as to investigate breaches of this Privacy Policy, to protect our rights and property (e.g. in the context of a corporate transaction), to enforce our terms of use and legal notices, and for the establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims;
on the basis of your consent – which you may give from time to time (e.g. for the use of certain cookies) with the possibility to withdraw your consent at any time; and
for purposes unrelated to those described in this Privacy Policy by first notifying you and, where required, offering you a choice as to whether or not we may use your Personal Information in this different manner.
With regards to direct marketing, please note that we will only use your e-mail address or mobile phone number for advertising purposes if you provide us with your prior consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
4. Privacy of EU and UK Job Applicants
If you are a job applicant in the EU or UK and would like to know how we process your Personal Information, please access our Applicant Notice available at [insert link] or request a copy from the EMEA Human Resources Department:
By Email:
privacy@aristocrat.com
By Post:
HR Department
Aristocrat Technologies Europe Ltd.
25 Riverside Way, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2YF, UK
5. Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information
The categories of recipients with whom we may share your Personal Information include those described in the sub-section above titled “Disclosure of Your Personal Information”.
6. International Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU or UK
6.1. International Transfers to Other Aristocrat Companies
Since Aristocrat is part of a global organisation, we may from time to time transfer your Personal Information to an Aristocrat company located in another country. This may include companies located outside the EU and the UK.
Aristocrat group companies operate in all major countries of the world, including Australia, USA, UK, Spain, Ukraine, Russia and other European countries, New Zealand, India, Singapore, Macau, Philippines and other Asia-Pacific countries, Israel and in other regions such as Latin America and South America. The Aristocrat companies that host systems and data (including Personal Information) on behalf of Aristocrat and other group companies are located in US, UK, India, New Zealand and Macau.
For any transfers of your Personal Information to an Aristocrat company located outside of the EU (including to the UK), we will ensure that lawful mechanisms are in place (such as appropriate contractual safeguards) to protect your Personal Information. Any transfers of your Personal Information from an Aristocrat company in the UK to a non-EU Aristocrat company will be subject to these same requirements. You have the right to receive information about these transfer mechanisms, including (where applicable) a copy of the contractual safeguards.
6.2 International Transfers to Third-Party Service Providers
Aristocrat engages a range of third parties to provide services and perform business support functions for us, which may at times require access to Personal Information to provide the services needed. Where we share your Personal Information with third-party service providers, they will be contractually bound to use the information only for the purposes of providing the services, or performing the functions required by Aristocrat, and to store the information securely.
Some third parties providing services to Aristocrat may be located outside of the EU (including those located in the UK). Where required by law, Aristocrat will take steps to ensure that lawful mechanisms are in place (such as appropriate contractual safeguards) to protect your Personal Information. Any transfers of your Personal Information from an Aristocrat company in the UK to a third party outside the EU will be subject to these same requirements. You have the right to receive information about these transfer mechanisms, including (where applicable) a copy of the contractual safeguards.
7. Retention of Personal Information
Aristocrat takes reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify any Personal Information where:
Aristocrat no longer needs the Personal Information for any purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or for a related purpose; and
Aristocrat is not required by law, gaming or other, a regulator or a court/tribunal order, to retain the Personal Information.
8. Personal Information Rights
Under EU and UK law, individuals have the right to access, rectify, erase, object to and/or restrict processing, the right to portability of Personal Information, and the right not to be subject to automated individual decision-making. You may, for example, request that Aristocrat confirm whether it holds any Personal Information about you and, where applicable, request that Aristocrat provide you with a copy of your Personal Information.
Our response to your request is in principle provided to you on a free-of-charge basis. We will only charge you in case your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
In certain circumstances, there may be grounds to deny your request, such as where:
access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others;
we are required by a gaming or related regulator or other law enforcement agency to withhold the information;
the information may affect current legal proceedings;
the information may affect the health or safety of another individual;
we are not able to identify you; or
any other restrictions in applicable privacy or data protection laws apply.
If you believe your Personal Information is not accurate, complete or up to date, Aristocrat will take reasonable steps to correct such Personal Information so that it is accurate, complete and up to date.
9. Security of Personal Information
Aristocrat will take reasonable steps to protect and secure your Personal Information. Please refer to the section above titled “Security of Personal Information” for additional details.
10. Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that can be used to track internet use. More information about cookies can generally be found in the “help” (or similar) section of your computer’s internet browser. At Aristocrat, we primarily use cookies to help us determine which service and support information is appropriate to your machine, and which products and services may be of most interest to you. Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know any information about you. We might be able to ascertain what type of computer you are using, but beyond that, our use of cookies is designed only to provide you with a better experience when using our websites.
Aristocrat has no desire or intent to infringe on your privacy while using our websites. Cookies can be either “persistent” or “session” based. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer, contain an expiration date, and may be used to track your browsing behaviour upon return to the issuing website. Session cookies are short-lived, are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you quit your browser.
When you first access our websites you will be given the choice to enable or disable cookies through our cookie banner. You can revisit your choice at any time by going to the cookie tool bar, which you can access on our website by clicking on the wheel symbol at the bottom left of your screen. You can also disable cookies on your web browser. For instructions on how to block or delete cookies please consult your browser’s privacy or help documentation. Disabling cookies may interfere with your use and enjoyment of our websites.
Below we briefly identify the cookies we use:
ProviderCookieCookie-TypePurposeDuration of the CookieCategory
google-analytics.com__utm.gifPixelGoogle Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer.SessionAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com__utmaHTTPCollects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.2 YearsAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com__utmbHTTPRegisters a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.1 dayAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com__utmcHTTPRegisters a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the web site. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a web site visit.SessionAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com__utmtHTTPUsed to throttle the speed of requests to the server.1 dayAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com__utmzHTTPCollects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics.6 MonthsAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com_gaHTTPRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the web site.2 YearsAnalytic Cookie
aristocrat.com_gidHTTPRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the web site.1 dayAnalytic Cookie
vimeo.comvuidHTTPCollects data on the user's visits to the web site, such as which pages have been read.2 yearsAnalytic Cookie
doubleclick.netr/collectPixelThis cookie is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. It tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.SessionMarketing Cookie
Cookie Settingsmoove_gdpr_popupHTTPWhen this Cookie is enabled, these Cookies are used to save your Cookie Setting Preferences.2 YearsNecessary Cookie
Complaints to Us or to a Regulator
As noted in the “Controller and Contact Details” section above, you may contact us if you believe we have breached this Privacy Policy (and/or any applicable EU or UK data protection laws). We will investigate any such complaints and generally provide a written response to you within 30 days. Our response will set out the results of our investigation, including whether we agree that Aristocrat has breached this Privacy Policy or other applicable laws.
If you are unhappy with our response to your complaint or if you do not wish to contact us, you have the right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority for data protection in your EU country or in the UK.
General
This policy was issued in March 2020.
Aristocrat may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing changes to it on our websites. We encourage you to check our websites periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current Privacy Policy.
"Bringing joy to life through the power of play."
© Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd.
With your consent, we use cookies to improve your experience of using this website and to customise advertising. To find out more (including to learn how to control cookies and for a list of the cookies used), please see our Privacy Policy.
I consent
I don’t consent
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytical/Marketing Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. To learn more please review our privacy policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytical/Marketing Cookies
These cookies collect and report information on how visitors use this site and about their browsing habits. Keeping these cookies enables us to make the site better and to display advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes