http://www.tdcgames.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Policy – Effective 03-06-07
IntroductionWhat information does Wood Expressions, Inc. collect?What is this information used for?With whom is this information shared?What access do you have to information you provide?Security measuresDisclaimer of responsibility for privacy policy and content at linked sitesThis is not a children’s web siteWood Expressions, Inc. employees and privacyChanges in these policies and practicesMore information
IntroductionWood Expressions, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. Your electronic security and privacy are of utmost importance to us. We make use of any personal information that you provide to us for the purpose of serving you better. We have created this privacy policy (Privacy Policy) to demonstrate our firm commitment to online privacy. This Notice of Privacy Policy discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for Wood Expressions, Inc.s website, woodexpressions.com. Additionally, this Privacy Policy applies to any personal information obtained from your use of woodexpressions.com. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you may provide to third parties; for example, other sites linked to woodexpressions.com. You should contact such third parties directly to determine their respective privacy policies. As used herein, the terms Wood Expressions, Inc., we, our and its when referring to Wood Expressions, Inc. and woodexpressions.com are used only for convenience and are not intended to be an accurate description of ownership, operation or corporate/legal relationships.
What information does Wood Expressions, Inc. collect? The information we maintain includes, your name, your phone number and address (street and e-mail).
What is this information used for?We use all information provided during registration to provide personalized content and services. Wood Expressions, Inc. may also use this information in order to generate aggregate reports that help us determine how to improve our users’ experience. This data is anonymous and does not contain any personally identifiable information. Wood Expressions, Inc. will not disclose your user information to any outside organization without your consent.We also use your information for other things which may include, but are not limited to, the following:
Contacting You.We may also use your contact information to e-mail you newsletters that inform you of new products and special features at WoodExpressions.com. We may also offer you special promotions. If you prefer not to receive such communications, you may contact us at customerservice@woodexpressions.com.
Use of IP Address.IP addresses are numbers that are automatically assigned to your computer, and, if associated with other individually identifiable information, could be considered personal information. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer and improve Wood Expressions, Inc.s websites. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information, some of which we aggregate and then share with our strategic alliances or potential strategic alliances companies. We also use your IP address to keep track of the information you have seen on our sites.
Use of Cookies. Cookies are a standard technology used by commercial web services to store small pieces of information on your hard drive by sending a small string of text to your browser. They make your use of Wood Expressions, Inc.’s websites more pleasing and efficient by personalizing your user interface, for example, or identifying which parts of a site you have previously visited. They also enable us to pre-populate, or automatically fill out, forms and schedules. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, unless you have configured yours not to accept them. Wood Expressions, Inc. does not use cookies either to collect individually identifiable information or to collect non-individually identifiable information using a cookie that is combined with a personal identifier.
With whom is this information shared?Wood Expressions, Inc. shares personal information only as described below:
Governmental Authorities, Compliance with Law and Protection of Wood Expressions, Inc. and Others.We provide information to governmental authorities when required to do so by law.  Wood Expressions, Inc. will also provide personally identifiable information to third parties if compelled to do so by an appropriately empowered governmental or legal authority, or, as necessary, to protect Wood Expressions, Inc.’s rights or the rights of third parties.
Strategic Alliances. Wood Expressions, Inc. may enter into marketing agreements, strategic alliances and other relationships with third-party organizations that can offer or provide products and services to you, sometimes under discounted or preferential terms. We sometimes agree to give these third parties (including potential parties to strategic alliances) aggregated, non-personally identifiable information about our customers or visitors. If you initiate an inquiry with respect to a third partys product or service by clicking on the icon or link relating to such product or service on Wood Expressions, Inc.’s websites, we may furnish such third party with certain personal information regarding you for the purpose of, among other things, pre-populating forms or facilitating the exchange of information between you and the third party. If you do not wish to have any of your personal information furnished to such third-parties, do not access any of the third-party products and services included on Wood Expressions, Inc website.
What access do you have to information you provide?You have access to much of your personal information through woodexpressions.com, where you can view and update most of the personal information we maintain.
Security measuresWood Expressions, Inc. makes access to your personally identifiable information subject to certain security measures, including technological controls such as “firewalls”, in accordance with industry standards. When the use of a Wood Expressions, Inc. website involves the transmission of confidential information about you or Wood Expressions, Inc., we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to establish a secure connection between your PC and our server. SSL allows the transmission of encrypted information from your PC to our server and back again and is the industry standard for Internet platform security. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so while Wood Expressions, Inc. strives to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to woodexpressions.com.
Disclaimer of responsibility for privacy policy and content at linked sitesWood Expression.com may provide you with links to other websites. We are not responsible for those sites and cannot control the use of information that you submit once you reach those sites, nor can we control the content of what is offered on those sites or on links from those sites. You should contact such third-party websites directly to determine their privacy policies.
This is not a childrens websiteWood Expressions, Inc. does not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children.
Wood Expressions, Inc. employees and privacyWood Expressions, Inc. trains all Wood Expressions, Inc. employees about the importance of privacy. It is Wood Expressions, Inc.’s policy to give access to your information only to those employees who require it to carry out the responsibilities of their jobs.
Changes in these policies and practices Wood Expressions, Inc. reserves the right to change its privacy policies and practices periodically, without providing individual notice, by updating this Privacy Policy notice.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 5, 2007.You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor such updates and that your continued use of WoodExpressions.com after such revisions have been made constitutes your full acceptance of such revised terms and conditions.More informationIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please write to:
Wood Expressions, Inc.Attn: Web Support (Privacy Policy Inquiry)444 East Gardena Blvd.Building AGardena, California 90248Phone: (310)-329-9143Fax: (310) 327-7772Email: legal@woodexpressions.com