http://www.profantasy.com/privacy.asp
Login or register
Products
Introduction
Campaign Cartographer 3+
Add-ons »
About Add-Ons
City Designer
Character Artist
Cosmographer
Dioramas
Dungeon Designer
Perspectives
Symbol Sets »
Symbol Set 1 - Fantasy Overland
Symbol Set 2 - Fantasy Floorplans
Symbol Set 3 - Modern
Symbol Set 4 - Dungeons of Schley
Symbol Set 5 - Cities of Schley
Cartographer's Annuals »
Overview
2020 Subscription
Annual Vol 13
Annual Vol 12
Annual Vol 11
Annual Vol 10
Annual Vol 9
Annual Vol 8
Annual Vol 7
Annual Vol 6
Annual Vol 5
Annual Vol 4
Annual Vol 3
Annual Vol 2
Annual Vol 1
Free Samples
Source Maps »
About Source Maps
Source Maps: Castles!
Source Maps: Temples, Tombs & Catacombs!
Source Maps: Cities!
WWII Interactive Atlas
Token Treasury »
Token Treasury - Monsters
Fractal Terrains 3
Tome of Ultimate Mapping
Value Bundles
Upgrades
Store
Buy Online
Value Bundles
Satisfaction Guarantee
Store FAQ
Order Tracking
Evidence
Reviews
Map Gallery
CC3 Demo Videos
FT Demo Version
License
Downloads
Updates
Demo Versions
Free Printer & Viewer
Community
Forum
ProFantasy Blog
Tutorial Videos
Master Mappers
Web Buttons
Community Mapping Project
Service
Contact Us
Login & Register
Get Serials
Redownload Software
Installation Guide Video
Frequently Asked Questions
Technical Support
Ordering
Privacy Policy
Websites
Forum
ProFantasy Blog
Forgotten Realms Interactive Atlas
Grimur Fjeldsted - Mapventures
Ralf Schemmann - Maps & More
Pär Lindström - Mapping Worlds
Cartographer's Guild
The Vintyri Cartographic Collection
Privacy Policy
At ProFantasy Software Ltd., we're committed to protecting your privacy.
This policy explains how and why we collect personal information about our customers, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. By using our website, you're agreeing to be bound by this Policy. Contact us if you have any questions about this policy.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you place an order, register, sign up to the newsletter or enter a competition.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we might collect includes your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. We do not hold your card information, or other financial details. We store your email address to allow you to access your account and so we can send you order related emails, and notify you of important changes to your account. We store your country so we can use the correct currency for your purchases and comply with data protection law.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
process your orders,
carry out our legal and financial obligations to regulatory authorities,
deal with entries into a competition,
notify you of important changes to your account,
send you communications you have chosen to receive,
create a demographic profile of our customer base, for example, what proportion of our customers are in a particular country.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Personalisation
We may analyse your personal information to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that if you've chosen to receive marketing information we can tailor any communication we send to you.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf
We may pass your information to our third party service providers for example to process your orders and send you mailings. However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties unless we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Transfer
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we're under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use. However, we will do our utmost to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Your choice
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless you have given your prior consent. You can opt in or opt out on the registered users' page [link] or opt out in one click
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. You can update your details on the registered users' page.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
We take steps to ensure your information is secure. Any sensitive information (such as card or paypal payment details) are encrypted and protected with [whatever encryption we use]. Other information is transmitted normally over the Internet, and as this can never be guaranteed to be entirely secure,. so you do so at your own risk. When we've received your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone, and we will not share it either.
Cookies and Tracking Tools
Our Website uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all.
We also use Google Analytics to improve the performance and features of our website.
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you're headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our uUsers to help improve our wWebsite.
16 or Under
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be stored in countries outside the European Union ("EU") for example on a server. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you're agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under review. This Policy was last updated in April 2018
This web site is © 2020, ProFantasy Software Ltd. Use of this web site is subject to our terms and privacy policy.
ProFantasy Software Ltd is registered in the UK, company number 2843515ProFantasy Software - map making for gamers.