http://www.cncgeneralsworld.com/privacy.aspx
Main
Current News
News Archive
Site
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Administration
Forums
C&C Labs Forums
Downloads
Downloads from C&C Labs
Maps
Maps from C&C Labs
Generals
Generals Info on C&C Labs
Images Gallery
Screenshots
Concept Art
Zero Hour
Zero Hour Info on C&C Labs
Screenshots
Our Privacy Policy
This is the web site of CNC Generals World.
We can be reached via e-mail at admins[-at-]cnclabs.com.
This privacy policy was last updated on October 31, 2009.
» What information we collect
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
» What we use this information for
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
» How we use cookes
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, and customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
» About the ads we display
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Google, Inc.
» Policies about contact information we store
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
» Requests for information
Upon request we can provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, or a description of information that we maintain about them. Verification of identity is required for requests for sensitive information, such as passwords.
Consumers can access this information, or have this information corrected, by e-mailing us at the above address.
» Security
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
» Changes in this policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, feel free to contact us at the above email address and we will gladly address your concerns.
Copyright © 2002–2020 CNC Generals World.
All Rights Reserved.
The names EA, EA Games, and C&C Generals are copyright Electronic Arts, Inc.
Portions of website content may also be copyrighted by its respective owners and/or Electronic Arts.
.: Privacy Policy
.: Command & Conquer: Generals World