http://www.solitairecentral.com/privacy.html
Solitaire Central
The web's premier resource for card games and playing cards!
Home
Solitaire Software
Alphabetical Listing (A-Z)
Windows Solitaire Games
Macintosh Solitaire Games
PalmOS Solitaire Games
PocketPC Solitaire Games
Linux Solitaire Games
Free Solitaire Games
Solitaire Collections
New Solitaire Games
Solitaire Products
Solitaire Rule Books
Solitaire Playing Cards
Electronic Solitaire Games
Online Solitaire Games
Play Here!
Solitaire Games
Blackjack Solitaire
Freecell Solitaire
Golf Solitaire
Klondike Solitaire
Poker Solitaire
Pyramid Solitaire
Spider Solitaire
Tri-Peaks Solitaire
Cash Games
Other Sites
Play & Win!
More...
Solitaire Rules
Alphabetical Rules Listing (A-Z)
Rules For Popular Games
Forty Thieves Rules
FreeCell Solitaire Rules
Golf Solitaire Rules
Klondike Solitaire Rules
Pyramid Solitaire Rules
Spider Solitaire Rules
TriPeaks Solitaire Rules
Solitaire Rule Books
Solitaire Rule Links
Solitaire Resources
Solitaire Articles
Solitaire Books
Solitaire FAQs
Solitaire History
Solitaire Inventors
Solitaire Lexicon
Solitaire Links
News
Game News
Site News
Other News Categories
News Archives
RSS Feed
Email Subscription
Twitter
Facebook
Home » Privacy Policy
Solitaire Central Privacy Policy
Solitaire Central is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its users. Solitaire Central has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Information Automatically Logged
Solitaire Central respects the privacy and rights of its visitors. No effort is made to identify individuals without their knowledge. Our web servers automatically log certain anonymous details about each visitor, including browser type, domain name, and IP address. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
Cookies
Solitaire Central does not directly use cookies.
However, other web sites associated with this site may do so.
These other web sites include advertisers, partners, and web site statistic services. Any cookies are used solely to provide the best possible service to you, and Solitaire Central does not have access to these cookies. (See the "Third-Party Privacy Policies" section below for details.)
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites for from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser. These options are generally set through a "Privacy" setting in your browser setup.
Advertisers
We may use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have access to this information.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted. Since we do not collect any personal information on this web site, we do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Solitaire Central is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Contacting This Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
About Google and DoubleClick DART
We use third-party advertising companies (including Google and DoubleClick DART) to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
The products featured on this site are collected from a number of online merchants, each of whom has their own terms, conditions, and policies.
The following are links to privacy policies from third-parties that may be featured on this site:
Amazon.com
AreYouGame.com
Funagain Games
Register Now
StatCounter
Tournament Games
WorldWinner
Other third-party merchants, partners, and services may be added from time to time; please check their web sites for up-to-date policy information.
Additional Information About Solitaire Central
About This Site
Contact Us
Link To Us
Submissions
Terms and Conditions
Last Update: September 16th, 2012
> > > Advertise Here < < <
The Latest Solitaire Games
SolSuite 2017
Solitaire Game: Christmas for Windows
Crime Solitaire 2: The Smoking Gun for Windows
Seven Seas Solitaire for Windows
Pretty Good Solitaire Mac Edition
Solitaire Twist Collection
Strike Solitaire
Pretty Good Solitaire
Dr. Mal: Practice of Horror for Windows
Legends of Solitaire: The Lost Cards for Windows
The Latest Solitaire News
Solitaire In The News, April 2013
Solitaire In The News, March 2013
Solitaire In The News, February 2013
Windows 8 Solitaire Preview
Solitaire Central Refresh
Solitaire Best-Sellers, December 2011
Site Links
About This Site
Advertise
Contact Us
Link To Us
Submit a Link
What's New?
Follow / Subscribe
Bookmark This Site
Follow on Facebook [?]
Follow on Twitter [?]
RSS Feeds
Subscribe via Email
Recommended Sites
Solitaire Central Games Store
Amazon Card Games
AreYouGame
WorldWinner
Deal Alerts
Like Us On Facebook!
Copyright © 1997-2017 by SolitaireCentral.com - All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Responsible Gaming | Terms and Conditions