http://www.online-casinos.com/terms-and-conditions/
Main menu
Popular Casino Games
Slots
Roulette
Blackjack
Video Poker
Keno
Baccarat
Scratch Cards
Craps
Bingo
Sports Betting
Sic Bo
Lottery
Casino Poker
Online Poker
Casino Games
Overview of All Casinos
Best Online Casinos Dec 2020
Grand Ivy Casino
Casimba
Ladbrokes
Karamba
Grosvenor
Playzee
Betvictor
Casino.com
PlayOJO
Mansion Casino
List of All Real Money Casinos
Featured Pages Trending
New Casinos 2020
back to top
Topics Include:Terms of UseCopyrightPrivacy PolicyCookiesLimitationsThird-Party Links
Terms and Conditions for Using the Site
The current Terms and Conditions represent an agreement between You and Conzap EOOD (‘The Owner’, ‘We’), so please read them carefully before you proceed. We reserve the right to change these Terms at any given time, without prior notice, so we advise you to check this page regularly. If you do not agree to our Terms, please leave the site immediately.
By accessing our site at www.online-casinos.com, you agree to be bound by the present Terms and Conditions and attest that you are over 18 and over the legal age for gambling in your jurisdiction.
Copyright
In accordance with the The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, all content present on this site which includes but is not limited to text, pictures, videos, source code and so on are propriety of the Owner and you are not authorized to use or change it in any way, unless you have our express consent.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is part of our Terms and Conditions for using the site and should be read in conjunction with them. We understand the importance of your privacy and we do our best to keep your personal information safe. However, we will not be held responsible for matters beyond our control, such as unauthorised disclosure or access to your computer, our servers, viruses or any other computer issues.
Cookies
We use Cookies to help us improve the services we provide. Therefore, the only information we collect is regarding your operating system, browser, pages accessed and time on page, and so on with the sole intention of providing more personalised and coherent content.
We will not share the collected data with any other parties, unless required by law or if we sell part or all of our assets. We may be forced to share information that we collect only in case it is demanded by the competent authorities, but we will not do so for personal or commercial gain.
Limitation of Liability
Our site reviews, promotes and recommends gambling operators and websites, but we do not provide gambling services. The purpose of this Site is strictly informational and we do not claim to offer playing or winning strategies. Therefore, we do not accept responsibility for any losses or damages that may occur. We do not warrant that our Site will be error-free or that its operations will be uninterrupted. We do not assume responsibility for consequences that any interruptions may have.
Third-Party Links
We do not take responsibility for the accuracy or the nature of third-party links content. We do our best to check third-party sites, but will not be held accountable for the safety of their links. If We become aware of any irregularities or links and content that violate the Law, we will take them down immediately. Be advised that once you access third-party sites, you will then be bound by their terms of use, so read them carefully. We will not accept liability for any losses or damages as a result of malware, viruses, Trojan attacks or other instances of this type that may occur during your visit.