http://www.sitandgoplanet.com/policy.html
HomeBest poker sitesSoftest / Fishiest SitesUS Poker Sitespartypoker 2020 ReviewBest Poker BonusBest Poker Deposit MethodsSit and Go TipsBest Site for Sit N GoesPlanet Mark's SNG CourseLottery Sit And GoesDouble or Nothing SNGsBasic Sit And Go StrategyPoker TournamentsBest Site For TournamentsPoker Tournament Events10 Best Beginners TournamentsLive Poker SatellitesBig Buy-In Online TournamentsOnline SlotsMicroGaming Slots GuideSlot Bonus DealsOnline Slot JackpotsSlot Bankroll ManagementOnline CasinosBest Casino Sites 2020US Online CasinosCasino Bonus DealsCasino Deposit MethodsTable Games 101
Search form
Search
Toggle navigation
Home
Best poker sites
Sit and Go Tips
Poker Tournaments
Online Slots
Online Casinos
Sit and Go Planet Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
About US Terms Of Use And Contact Details
This page gives you insight into the team behind the SNG Planet, our contact details our terms of use information and also details of the other quality websites which make up our extensive international network.
Page Contents:
About Us Section - Meet The Team
Site Terms Of Use And Privacy Policy
Overview Of The Planet Corporation Brands And Information For Advertisers + Webmasters
Mark Holland: Owner, Writer and Chief Coffee Maker
I'm an Englishman, and currently located in Budapest, Hungary. After 10 very successful years as a corporate slave I managed to escape the 9-to-5 (well, 8-to-8 really) to travel around the world in 2006. While away I started a personal poker blog, discovering an ability to write clear and informative articles - which people started paying me to write on my return. Figuring that people paying me for articles must be making a profit from them,  I looked into the poker industry and affiliating in general, starting SNG Planet back in 2007. It took 2 years to become a full time webmaster, and the years between have seen many ups and downs - what an industry! In 2018 I run a network of sites in many languages and have an awesome team in place to make sure the quality gets better and better...
When not involved in the poker business, I like live music (used to be a half-decent bass player), reading great books (partial to a little sci-fi), running, travelling, fine wine or whiskey and the company of people strong enough to be individuals (whether I agree with them or not). I have no idea how computers or software works, and have no particular desire to find out.
You can contact me via our main e-mail Id – support@sngplanet.com (though please read my guidelines for advertisers / webmasters below first if your mail is in any way commercial)
Gergely 'Greg' Gyuris: Project Manager
I am coordinating our team of freelancing colleagues - as well as running separate projects for new initiatives and major upgrades.
My interest in poker started at university, after a successful stint of grinding the smaller limits, I took the more social route and became a dealer in a Budapest poker club. At the same time I started translating articles for SNG Planet on a per-article basis in 2010. At the end of 2011, I started to work full time, updating articles in all the languages and starting the long task of bringing some of the older websites up to date. During the last year I have grown into the current role - making the transition from occasional translator to Content & Project Manager in less than 18 months!
When not working I like to watch movies, especially horror and sci-fi, keep fit with regular runs and enjoy some traditional Hungarian activities such as drinking Palinka and killing pigs.
Vladimir - Webmaster, Poker Coach, Translator and Businessman From Russia
Hi everybody, my name is Vladimir, English-speakers call me Vlad. I'm a tournament poker player from Russia. I've been taking poker seriously since 3 years ago, that time I've been plaiyng a lot on a full-time basis. Now I prefer taking part only in the biggest online tournament series like S / WCOOP and FTOPS - with huge prize pools are significantly softer fields full of amateurs. I own and manage a poker training project in Russian and hope to make it multilingual soon - this is my main business. And I take a place in this list because I assist Mark and Greg with Russian pages of SNG Planet as a freelance writer and translator.
Grzegorz - Freelance Writer / Translator, Poland
Poker freelancer and a part time Sit and Go Grinder. I love playing Omaha, Omaha H/L, HORSE or 8-Game, thinking that one day I will master all mixed games. In meantime, I'm trying to rule some low stakes MTT's (Omaha, Holdem). I like reading, writing about poker and watching shows (I miss High Stakes Poker and Big Game!). I waste time playing Dead Space and watching TV shows like Mentalist, Southland and Supernatural. Love reading Philip K. Dick books!
Christian - Freelance Writer / Translator, Romania
My name is Cristian Giusca. I have a university degree in Economics. I work as an online entrepreneur and freelance writer. I write content about online poker and other gambling related articles and on top of that take care of translation jobs from English to Romanian. As for the hobbies I like poker, skiing, ice skating and fishing.
Zsuzsanna - Freelance Translator, Hungary
Hello! I’m Zsuzsa from Hungary. I’ve qualified as a Hungarian-English interpreter, but presently I work as a freelance language teacher and filmscript translator for TV channels. I ’ve got into poker through Greg, the content manager of the page, and happily accepted his invitation to join the team of SNG Planet, where I occassionally create the Hungarian versions of those inspiring English language articles.If I don't sit in lessons or in front of my laptop working, I like hiking, cycling, and I'm a great fan of bulldogs, especially my own American one.
Tibor - Drupal Expert, Hungary
I offer Mark and Greg assistance with site building. My first regular work of this kind was the webpage of the female basketball team in Szeged. Besides the technical construction of the page, I also wrote reports and took photos for the site so that the fans could receive up-to-date information on the team. It's comforting that I don't have to co-operate as a scriptwriter this time 'cause I'm afraid poker is really not my cup of tea!
Our Terms Of Use And Privacy Policy:
Our terms of use are important, which is why we have ensured it is a single click away from every page on our site.
Privacy of Data
SNG Planet will never sell or share your personal data including e-mail address data gathered through our newsletter signup.
Content
Original content is copyright SNG Planet (2007 through 2035). Content may not be copied, distributed or reused without express written permission of SNG Planet. Some content is credited to external authors via 'author bios' at the end of an article. In these instances copyright may remain with the original author. All content is provided for entertainment purposes only.
Photographic images and designs are purchased through © Fotolia.com
Waiver of Liability
SNG Planet will endeavor to ensure that content is accurate and up to date. However we make no representations about the fitness for purpose of any of the material, products or services covered here. This expressly includes bonus and promotional offers available through our partner poker rooms. By using any information contained in this website or taking up any offer you expressly agree that SNG Planet shall not be held liable for direct or indirect losses however incurred.
Disclosure Of Beneficial Payments
Planet Corporation receive financial compensation from poker site operators when readers click our links or banners, or in some cases use our bonus (coupon / referral) codes and become a real-money player at one or more poker sites.
Planet Corporation receive financial compensation from poker software resellers when readers click our links or banners and go on to purchase poker software tools or services.
Any questions on our terms of use can be sent to Mark at support@sngplanet.com
Legality Of Online Poker
The legal status of online poker varies considerably in different countries, provinces and individual states. It is the responsibility of readers to ascertain the legality of playing poker in their own jurisdiction. We explicitly state that all materials are provided for entertainment purposes only.
Planet Corporation – Our Brands:
We have been consolidating the number of websites owned over the last 2 years, bringing this number from around 40 to a far more manageable number. We have a core of websites made up of this site and the 'Bonus Club' network, along with a smaller number of speciality sites and blogs. The links below should give you a flavor of what we are doing.
http://www.sitandgoplanet.com/ You are here! This is our largest site and now has 7 different languages to choose from and literally 100’s of articles. Aimed at SNG, Tournament and Satellite fans with a focus on beginners and recreational players onwards. Our aim is to provide the best quality articles, challenge readers to think about how to maximize their profits and to provide honest and open reviews and comparisons of poker sites and their promotions.
http://www.pokerbonushu.com/ I am including the Hungarian ‘Poker Bonus Club’ in this list as an example, in fact there are many ‘bonus clubs’ in languages covering the Central and Eastern Europe and Russia (Polish and Romanian for example). These sites add value to new players with honest reviews and ‘how to play’ articles in addition to bonus information.
http://www.pokerbonusclub.ru/ This site is one of our Russian language websites. With poker booming in this huge country there is plenty of demand for information out there.
Advertisers / Webmasters Notices - Please Read Carefully Before Mailing
Webmasters:
OK, I'll start with webmasters... I work with many people in the industry and appreciate the openess and willingness to help of those in an otherwise extra-competitive field. At the same time there are a lot of shady characters out there, a lot of mass-mails and a lot of people who think they 'know the business' but actually have no clue... with this in mind:
- If you ask me for a link exchange or any associated scheme I will mark your e-mail as spam and block you as a sender.
- If you 'cold' mail me generic crap about guest posts or articles I will mark your e-mail as spam and block you as a sender.
- If you offer me some service then you had better make sure it is personalized for me above and beyond the <Insert URL>... or...yep, you guessed it.
So, feel free to get in touch, relationships are key to success in this industry - you can reach me on support@sngplanet.com - but please, don't try and sell me anything.
Advertisers / Operators:
I have great traffic and send a lot of clicks out to the major poker sites - and understand this makes my network of sites an attractive target for site operators and others involved in the industry. The use of the word 'major' was deliberate in that last sentence, since my policy is to avoid sending players to new, small or unknown poker sites. I understand it is tough for new programs to build up a critical mass of players, its just, well, I can not really help you.
If you are from a larger or more established poker site then we could chat. I would need a good reason to switch from my established partners though, for example a token or special offer exclusively for SNG Planet / Bonus Club readers. I'm a little long in the tooth to want to go through the process of building up a player base over a number of years - if you come to me willing to discuss a media buy then the chances of a reply go way up.
If this sounds cynical and jaded then, well, thats because it is... 9 years full time in this industry has made me that way! I leave the door open for opportunities - but please, no silly mails about some unknown new room on a tiny network offering revenue share - you will simply be wasting you own time as well as mine.
If you still want to chat after reading the above, then mail me support@sngplanet.com - I generally look at that e-mail address once every 2 weeks or so.