https://www.gamingdeluxe.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
GamingDeluxe is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This policy explains how we use the information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
The information we collect and how we use it
When you register with GamingDeluxe and/or place an order, we need to know your name, delivery address, credit or debit card details, e-mail address and telephone number. This information allows us to fulfil your order and notify you of the status of your order.
We may also ask you to give us optional contact information, for example your fax number and demographic information like your age.
If you subscribe to our mailing lists for new release and other information, you will be asked to specify the areas in which you are interested so that we can tailor the information which we send to you to cover the topics and merchandise which we believe you might be interested in.
We may also use your information for the purpose of providing you with information about any special offers or features of our web site which we think may be of interest to you and for related marketing purposes.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your details on our database.
We monitor customer traffic on an aggregate basis in order to help us develop and improve our web site for the benefit of our customers. In order to enhance your use of the web site you will be given a session ID which will only last for the duration of that visit to the site. Each time you visit the site you will have a different session ID.
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page so that you may be aware of them. We will also e-mail you should we make any changes and give you a chance to ask us not to use your information in that way. Because the Internet infrastructure is global, and it is not possible to predict the routes that information sent over the Internet will take, the information you provide may be transferred temporarily via a route which takes it outside the European Economic Area as it passes between you and us. By submitting your information you consent to this transfer.
Protecting Your Security
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
GamingDeluxe Ltd, under no circumtances store credit card details.
Opt in / Opt out
If at any time you wish to receive information about any other product areas which you currently do not receive, or you wish to stop receiving some or all of the information that we currently send, you may amend or remove your preferences by unsubscribing from the mailing lists.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your visits to our web site. A cookie is a small file that can be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We may use these to do a number of things.
We use cookies to deliver contents specific to your interest and to save your password so that you don't have to re-enter it every time you visit our site.
Cookies help us to recognise when you next visit our web site and note the advertisements displayed to you. This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences.
You can usually change your browser so that it will not accept cookies.
Security of your information
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us. This is to prevent unauthorised access or unlawful processing of your personal information. We keep your information confidential and store it on a secure server which is password protected and hidden behind a firewall from the outside world. We use secure socket layer software (SSL) to encrypt all of your personal data.
Non-disclosure to third parties
Unless we have your express consent, we will only disclose your personal data to third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your transaction with us.
We use your information only as set out in this Policy and will not sell, rent or pass your information on to others for marketing purposes without your express consent.
We may release account information where we believe in good faith that this release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law.
Your consent
By submitting your information and using our web site, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by us in the manner set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this web site so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will also email you should we make any changes to give you a chance to ask us not to use your information in that way.