https://www.curiouspastimes.co.uk/bookings/cookie-policy/
Curious Pastimes
Skip to content
Home
Bookings
Book Online
Payment & Bank Details
Pricing Guide
Traders at CP
Events
Events
Arrival & Departure at Events
Young People at Curious Pastimes
Volunteer
FAQs
New to LRP?
Contact
Contact
Copyright
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Rules
Rules
Amendments and Clarifications
World
The Known World
Factions
Races
Other points of note within the world
The World Map
Other creatures and beings
1996 to 2016: 20 Years of Heroes, the story so far
Right to be forgotten
Cookie Policy
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Curious Pastimes Ltd collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about, visitors to our website.
Visitors to our websites
When someone visits www.curiospastimes.co.uk we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. We collect this information in a way, which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website www.curiouspastimes.co.uk We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies by Curious Pastimes
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie Name Purpose More information Google Analytics utma _utmb _utmc _utmz These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google Content Management System cookie PHPSESSID This cookie is set by our content management system on a small number of browsers, upon arrival to www.curiouspastimes.co.uk. It is not used by www.curiouspastimes.co.uk for any purpose. This cookie is deleted when a user closes their browser. The supplier of our content management system (the software we use to update our website) is working to remove this cookie from their product. Facebook c_user csm datr locale lu s xs Facebook needs to know who you are to work properly. Click here for an overview of privacy at Facebook Google + NID PREF __utma __utmz Google+ needs to know who you are to work properly. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
YouTube cookies We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Links to other websites This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
How to contact us Requests for information about our cookies and privacy policy can be emailed to info@curiouspastimes.co.uk
Search for:
Archives
Meta
Log in
Curious Pastimes
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.