http://www.nationalbingo.co.uk/privacy
National Bingo GameNewsBingo BitsResponsible GamblingFind a Club
RSSSitemapEdit Profile
Skip to content
National Bingo Game Association
RSSSitemapEdit Profile
Search
National Bingo GameNational Bingo Game - Prices and PrizesJoin in on Facebook and TwitterPlayers' RulesNews£50,000 Jackpot Winners£50,000 Jackpot Winners 2018Caller Of The Year 2019Cardiff Calling!National LIVENational Live - WinnersLondon Calling 2018!Bingo BitsBingo FactsFAQsDos and Don'tsPlay Bingo OnlineFree Bingo GoodiesResponsible GamblingFind a Club
Search
Privacy
More Bingo Bits
PRIVACYThis Privacy statement sets out how The National Bingo Game Association Limited uses information that you provide as a result of using this website.PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.The National Bingo Game Association Limited (NBGA) respects the privacy of every individual who visits our site. This Privacy Statement outlines the information the NBGA will collect through the website and how we will use that information. In the following text the terms ‘NBGA’, ‘The National Game’ and ‘Association’ means The National Bingo Game Association Limited and the terms ‘Site’ and ‘website’ refer to www.nationalbingo.co.uk.COOKIESIn general, we use the information that we collect from you to monitor traffic to the site, individual pages, and improve the sites functionality and layout. This is done through the use of ‘cookies’. EU legislation requires that we inform you of their use and seek your permission to do so. Upon visiting the site you will automatically be asked to accept or reject cookies from this website.A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information.You can choose to accept or reject cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer, however, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Cookies used by this web site are:ASP.NET_SessionId Stores anonymous user session data. The SessionID is a unique id generated by the server. It is used to store preferences you may have set on the site and retain them from page to page. Expires at end of session. Sitesuma Only created once the user logs into website. It stores authentication data, so that subsequent pages know whether you’re logged in and how to treat you depending on your access privileges. Expires at end of session. SitesumaSettings Only created once user logs into website. Stores a flag to indicate whether user is probably logged in, which helps site performance, but does not form part of the authentication process. Also stores user’s default language selection. Expires 1 year from creation. Third-party cookies Google Analytics (includes _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz) Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics sets a cookie in order to evaluate your use of the website and compile reports for us on activity on the website. Google stores the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using the News App, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. How to reject or delete this cookie http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html AddThis (__atuvc, loc, psc, uid, uit, uvc) AddThis, a social sharing service, set cookies as part of its user measurement and analytics features. These cookies are set on the .addthis.com domain, and include: - uid - Uniquely assigned machine-generated user ID - di/dt - Maintenance cookies that help manage expiration for other cookies - bt - User interest modeling - uvc - Measures how often we see an AddThis user - ssc/psc/uvc - These cookies are used in recording user sharing and social activity - loc - Geolocation, used to help publishers know approximately where people sharing information are located. (State level) More information can be found in this support ticket on the addthis website: http://support.addthis.com/customer/portal/questions/327365-cookie-audit Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but you can still alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. WHAT AND HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND HOW IS IT USED? We will collect information about your tastes and preferences both when you tell us what these are and by analysis of customer traffic, including by use of cookies (see above) When you interact with the website you may need to input your name, email address, geographic address and your date of birth. Such information will be processed by the NBGA on servers located in the United Kingdom.If you do not want your personally identifiable information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us using details found in the ‘Contact Us’ section of the website, found at the bottom of each page. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files. However, please note that the removal of this information may affect our ability to successfully deliver some of the available services and information.TO WHOM DO WE DISCLOSE THIS INFORMATION?We may at our discretion choose to pass on your personal information to other companies directly affiliated with the NBGA. We may also pass third parties aggregate statistics about customers, traffic patterns and other site information, but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you. We reserve the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate our system properly or to protect ourselves and our users.HOW DO WE PROTECT INFORMATION?When you review your information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software encrypts the information that you input before it is transmitted to us. In addition, we have strict security procedures concerning the storage and disclosure of your information in order to prevent unauthorized access and to comply with the Data Protection Act 1998. This means that sometimes we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose information to you.The NBGA reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests of the existence of a new policy.
Terms & ConditionsPrivacyContact UsWho We AreLicensed Status
© National Bingo Game Association 2020
The EU would like us to tell you about the cookies we use on this website.We use them to remember things such as, you’ve logged in, they also help us record data like, the number of visits a page gets so that we can improve the site.The cookies don’t tell us amongst other things, who you are, your favourite colour or the name of your first pet. To find out more about the cookies we use see our Privacy Policy.
I agree to the use of cookies