http://www.footballlocks.com/privacy.shtml
Sign Up for NFL Picks
Pro Football Betting Information
"NFL Picks, Predictions,
Point Spreads & Odds"
When it comes to making NFL picks most pro football handicappers & sports
betting experts get stuffed at the goal line, because they use NFL gambling info & NFL betting
stats already factored into Las Vegas pro football lines when determining their NFL football picks & predictions each week...
FootballLOCKS.com has a different system for making NFL betting picks. We use our innovative Backwards
Odds Handicapping of Las Vegas NFL odds & NFL point spreads to seek indications in the weekly NFL line as to which teams
Las Vegas sports odds makers may think have an edge to cover the spread.
If you place NFL bets or gamble in a football pool, see if your NFL wagering success
increases with a bet on FootballLOCKS.com's NFL expert picks & predictions...
While the full card of week to week NFL game picks aren't 100% free NFL picks,
we think you'll see by our subscription options that you're practically getting our NFL selections on the house.
View subscription options for NFL weekly picks.
Get a Pass For
FootballLOCKS.com's
NFL Picks
FootballLOCKS.com'sFree NFL Pickof the Week
2020 Super Bowl Odds
Early Super Bowl Line
Season Win Totals
Projected Standings
NFL Bye Weeks
NFL Schedule
Home
Subscribe Now
NFL Picks
NFL Odds
NFL Lines
NFL Spreads
Early Odds
Odds Archive
NFL Predictions
Handicapping
Contact
Get FootballLOCKS.com's
NFL Picks of the Week
Top Over/Unders
Weekly Teasers
Money Line Underdog
Football Pool Picks Versus the Line & Pick'em
Limited Time Value
As low
as $99!
"Satisfaction guaranteed
or get a free extension"
Member NFL Picks
•
NFL Picks of the Week
•
Subscription Options
•
Login to Member Area
Free NFL Picks
•
Free NFL Pick of the Week
•
Free Monday Night Total Pick
Privacy Policy
FootballLOCKS.com knows that
your privacy is important to you and FootballLOCKS.com recognizes and respects
your right to maintain your privacy on the web and beyond.
FootballLOCKS.com will not share
private
information about you with any third party unless forced to do so by law or legal proceedings, or
unless
FootballLOCKS.com
has reason to
believe
you are causing interference or injury to FootballLOCKS.com,
its agents, principals,
representatives, service providers, advertisers
or affiliates in which case such information would be used for legal
purposes.
All credit card transactions for FootballLOCKS.com are processed securely, and your credit card number is not stored on any computer connected to the internet.
The e-mail address you provide in connection with billing of
FootballLOCKS.com picks will be used
to provide you with a receipt for your records as well
as to provide you with any make up NFL picks
that may be due to you in the event
of a game invalidating occurrence as described in
our general policies.
If you have subscribed for NFL pick
e-mail notification,
the e-mail address you provide will be used for NFL pick e-mail
notification, updates of pick records, special offers and replacement picks only.
You may opt out of FootballLOCKS.com NFL
pick e-mail notification at any time by revisiting the e-mail sign up page.
FootballLOCKS.com may share aggregate demographic
information about
users to advertisers and others for the purposes of
customizing
ads for the site. For example, FootballLOCKS.com
might say that x% of users are of a certain gender,
but no personal information will be revealed.
FootballLOCKS.com does not and will not
link personal information about you
to your
IP address (your IP address is the number that's automatically assigned
to your computer
when you're on the net) unless its for legal purposes or
FootballLOCKS.com feels
it's necessary to enforce its policies,
protect
its interests,
and protect the interest of our customers.
FootballLOCKS.com makes use of cookies
so that you do not have to
re-enter certain order information
when purchasing a pick.
FootballLOCKS.com does not store your
credit card information using cookies or any other method.
FootballLOCKS.com
only transmits cookies over a secure server connection.
FootballLOCKS.com may contain links to other sites.
If you click on such a link,
these other sites may make use of cookies (third
party cookies).
FootballLOCKS.com is not responsible for the privacy,
the practices, or the content of any such web sites.
By using the FootballLOCKS.com web site you are consenting
to the privacy
policy as described. FootballLOCKS.com reserves the right
to change
its privacy policy at any time and in the event that a change has
occurred changes will be posted on this page.
View Terms of Service for Site Use
Order picks
Return to main page
e-mail questions to
questions@FootballLOCKS.com
U.S. CITIZENS AND OTHER CITIZENS OF THE WORLD PLEASE NOTE:
By accessing the FootballLOCKS.com website youagree to the
terms and conditions of site use.
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy |
Betting NFL Responsibly Or Not Gambling On NFL At All |
Advertise
Copyright ©1999 - 2017 FootballLOCKS.com