http://www.omgn.com/static/privacy-policy
Home  News  Reviews  Features  Games  Movies  Resources  Blogs  Forum
Login  Register
Incl. Forum
Online Movies & Games Network
http://www.omgn.com/static/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy
At OMGN, we are committed to protecting your privacy and to developing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this statement of privacy explains data collection and use in those situations. Please read the complete OMGN privacy statement.
Last update to this statement: June 19, 2010.
Collecting Your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to register before entering a contest, rating games or posting to the forum. Personal information collected by OMGN often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
Use Of Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for two primary puroses: 1) To give a courtsey link to you when your submit information that appears on our site; 2) To help us personalize your website experience.
OMGN will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on OMGN or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of OMGN, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of OMGN, its website, or the public.
Control Of Your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, OMGN will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Security Of Your Personal Information
OMGN strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where OMGN, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your username and password, so do not share these with others.
Use Of Cookies
To ensure we are publishing content customers need and want, OMGN collects aggregated site-visitation statistics using cookies. We do not track individuals' use of the site via cookies.
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously.
Use Of The Website Log
OMGN has a website log installed for a number of reasons. The log tracks what significant actions a user takes on the site. These actions include and are not limited to emailing a friend, submitting content, users login and more. This log is in place to help us ensure any website errors are dealt with accordingly, as well as to backtrace any steps a user has taken on the website in the event we are required to do so.
Changes To This Statement
OMGN will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this Statement, OMGN will notify you by placing prominent notice on the website.
Contact Information
OMGN welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy, please contact us by e-mail, or postal mail.
OMGN Privacy Policy
c/o DarqFlare Enterprises
P.O. Box 401534
Las Vegas, Nevada  89140
United States of America
Interact
Join Us!
Advertise on OMGN
Staff
Contact Us
Switch to Mobile Site
OMGN Archive
© DarqFlare Enterprises, 2002-2020
More
Announcements
Links
Privacy Policy
Site Map