http://www.puzzlesolver.com/privacy.php
Home
> Privacy Policy
Puzzle of the Month
Puzzle Store
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
This site logs the IP addresses and type of browser used. This site does not collect any personally identifiable information, except in the optional site survey described below.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
This site does not use cookies or any other method of collecting data about it's users.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses and browser type to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to us.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Site Info
Contact Us  |
Terms & Conditions  |
Privacy Policy  |
Puzzle Links  |
Copyright © 2020