http://www.goldsheet.com/termsofuse.php
GoldSheet
USERNAME
PASSWORD
LOG IN
Click here to create an account.
Forgot password?
Buy Products
Samples
View Cart
FAQ's
Contact
“My Purchases”
Home
NFL
Scoreboard
Live Odds
Historic Logs & Ratings
Player News
Transactions
Teams
Statistics
Injuries
Standings
College Football
Scoreboard
Live Odds
Historic Logs & Ratings
Conferences & Teams
Statistics
Injuries
Standings
NBA
Scoreboard
Live Odds
Previews
Historic Logs & Ratings
Player News
Transactions
Teams
Statistics
Injuries
Standings
College Hoops
Scoreboard
Live Odds
Historic Logs & Ratings
Conferences & Teams
Statistics
Injuries
Standings
MLB
Scoreboard
Live Odds
Previews
Player News
Transactions
Teams
Statistics
Injuries
Standings
Soccer
NHL
Scoreboard
Previews
Live Odds
Teams
Statistics
Injuries
Standings
Odds
Sportsbooks
Terms
and Conditions of Use
Please
Read Carefully.
Goldsheet.com is a service provided by The Gold Sheet, LLC ("TGS"). By using the Goldsheet.com site and any of
our features, services or products you agree to all our terms and conditions
that you will find below (the "Agreement"). If you do not agree with any of
these terms, please stop your use or the website and any of our features, services
or products immediately.
For the purposes of this
Agreement: i) the "Website" shall mean the site Goldsheet.com; ii) "Products"
shall collectively mean all publications, tables and commentary, information
and/or instructions found on the Website or otherwise provided by TGS; iii)
"Subscription Services" shall mean registered access to TGS's subscription program
whereby users pay a fee to access, download and store Products; and iv) "Services"
shall mean collectively the Subscription Services and other new or existing
services offered by TGS on the Website.
Nature of Products
/ Limitation of Liability
ALL PRODUCTS (AS DEFINED
ABOVE) AND SERVICES (AS DEFINED ABOVE) ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS." WE DO NOT PROVIDE
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY OR COMPLETENESS
FOR ANY OF THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES FOR YOUR PARTICULAR NEEDS. THE PRODUCTS
AND SERVICES ARE USED AT YOUR OWN RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL: I) TGS, ITS AGENTS,
PARTNERS, OR AFFILIATES; OR II) THE PROVIDERS, AUTHORS OR PUBLISHERS OF ITS
PRODUCTS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATE OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER USED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THESE PRODUCTS OR THE USE OF THIS SITE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. THESE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED AS A SUBSTITUTE
FOR COMMON SENSE AND THEY SHOULD ONLY BE A STARTING POINT FOR YOU. PRODUCTS
MAY REQUIRE MODIFICATION TO SUIT YOUR PARTICULAR NEEDS AND YOUR STATE, PROVINCIAL
OR TERRITORIAL LAW REQUIREMENTS.
Use / Copyright
The Products are for private
use only (or for use on behalf of one client) and cannot be resold or distributed
without our written consent.
Most of the Products are
copyrighted by us. However, some Products may be based on public domain materials
or be copyrighted by third parties. We have no claim as to those materials.
Product Use Outside
of Defined Area
We make no representations
and give no warranties, express or implied, that making the Products available
in any particular jurisdiction outside the United States, U.K., Canada, and
Australia, is permitted under such jurisdiction's applicable laws or regulations.
Accordingly, if making the Products or any part available in your jurisdiction
or to you (by reason of nationality, residence or otherwise) is prohibited,
those Products are not offered for sale to you. You accept that if you are a
resident outside the United States, U.K., Canada and Australia you must satisfy
yourself that you are lawfully able to purchase the Products. We accept no liability,
to the extent permitted by applicable law, for any costs, losses or damages
resulting from or related to the purchase or attempted purchase of the Products
by persons: i) in jurisdictions outside the United States, U.K., Canada or Australia;
ii) who are nominees of or trustees for citizens, residents or nationals of
other countries; or iii) in the United States, U.K., Canada or Australia who
purchase products designed for jurisdictions other than their own.
No Unlawful or Prohibited
Use
You agree not to use the
Website, its Products and/or its Services for any unlawful purpose or as prohibited
by our terms, conditions and notices set forth in this Agreement and elsewhere
on the Website.
You also agree that when using the Website, its Products and/or its Services,
you will not:
Violate any applicable laws
or regulations.
Attempt to interfere with any other person's use of the Website or the Services.
Use the Website or the Services in a manner that results in excessive bandwidth,
data transfer or server usage, as determined by TGS.
Use the Website or the Services in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden,
or impair the TGS Website, computer systems, servers and networks, or interfere
with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Website.
Copy or duplicate or permit any third party to copy or duplicate any portion
of the Website or our Products or to swap, rent, sub-license, transfer, sell,
upload, download, display or offer any portion of our Website or our Products
to any third party.
Download multiple Products for purposes of creating a database or to create
a commercial or non-commercial website or product, in whole or in part.
Misrepresent your identity or impersonate any person.
Charge others to use the Services either directly or indirectly.
Attempt to modify,
translate, adapt, edit, copy, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any
software used or provided by TGS in connection with the TGS Website or Services.
Obtain or attempt
to obtain any data through any means from the Website or the Services, except
if we intend to provide or make it available to you.
Use the Website or
Services for any unlawful purpose or to violate any federal, state, international
law, code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable to the Services
or the Website.
Copy, sell, transfer,
distribute, publish, or assign your license to the Services in any format to
any third party.
Send, receive, or
download messages or materials that are inappropriate or violate the intellectual
property rights of TGS or others.
All judgments concerning
the applicability of these guidelines shall be at the sole and exclusive discretion
of TGS. TGS reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine whether
and what action to take in response to any violation. Any action or inaction
in a particular instance shall not dictate or limit TGS' response to a future
complaint.
Account Registrations
and Security
Access to some of the Services,
such as the Subscription Service, requires registration and the payment of a
fee. In order to register, you agree to provide us with accurate and up-to-date
information. You also represent that you have legal right to use the e-mail
address(es) you provide.
The account you register is only to be used by the person or organization who
registered it. You agree not to disclose the account log-in or access code to
any third party or authorize them to access or use the Services on your behalf.
You shall immediately notify TGS of any unauthorized use of your user ID or
password or any other breach of security. TGS cannot and will not be liable
for any damage or loss arising from any unauthorized use of your account.
Payment/Fees and
Subscription Renewal
We reserve the right to
change the Subscription Service's fees or applicable charges and to institute
new charges at any time.
Account Cancellation
If your account is paid-in-full,
you may cancel your account and terminate this Agreement. We recommend exporting
or saving any important documents and data because you will lose access to all
content stored in your account after cancellation.
Termination and
Access Restriction
The rights granted by TGS
to use the Subscription Services is predicated upon a user's: a) acknowledgment
and acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of Use; b) payment for the access
granted; and c) not sharing the access granted with any other person or entity.
If you violate or if we
have grounds to suspect that you violated our guidelines set forth in these
Terms and Conditions of Use and/or other use parameters included on the Website,
we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse use of the Services (or
any portion thereof).
TGS also reserves the right,
in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Website and Services
or any portion thereof at any time, without cause and/or without notice.
In the event that a user
fails to pay for the access granted, or shares the access granted with any person
or entity, or misuses the system by any means actionable under a federal, state,
or local statute, code, regulation, law, or civil action, TGS will consider
the user's access as having been acquired by fraud or misrepresentation and
will terminate the user's access. In such a case, TGS retains the right to seek
civil or criminal redress, the entire cost of which shall be borne solely by
the user.
Refund of Charges
Except as specifically set
forth in this section, all Subscription Services are prepaid. To cancel a current
subscription and request a refund for the unused portion, call 1-800-798-4653.
Disclosure and Removal
of Information
We will not disclose any
of your personal information to third parties without your permission except
in the following circumstances: i) to protect ourselves from liability, or ii)
to respond to a legal process or comply with the law; or iii) in accordance
with our Privacy Policy.
Consent to Electronic
Communications and Solicitation
By registering with TGS,
you understand that we may send you communications from TGS including but not
limited to: (i) notices about your use of the Services, including any notices
concerning violations of use: (ii) updates: and (iii) promotional information
and materials regarding the Products and services, via electronic mail. We give
you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving electronic mail from us by following
the opt-out instructions provided in the message.
Third Party Content,
Sites And Services
The Website may contain
links to other Internet sites, resources and/or sponsors of the Website. We
do not verify, warrant, endorse or take responsibility for the availability,
accuracy, completeness or quality of the content contained in these outside
sites. TGS is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion
of any link does not imply endorsement by TGS of the site or any association
with its operators.
The Services and Products
may contain features and functionalities linking you or providing you with certain
functionality and access to third party content, including Web sites, directories,
servers, networks, systems, information and databases, applications, software,
programs, products or services, and the Internet as a whole. We may also provide
some content to you as part of the Services.
Assignment
We may assign, transfer,
novate or subcontract any or all of our rights and obligations under these Terms
and Conditions of Use at any time.
Modifications to
the Terms and Conditions
We may alter these Terms
and Conditions of Use from time to time and post the new version on our Website,
following which all use of the Website, Services and Products will be governed
by that version. You must check the Terms and Conditions of Use on the Website
regularly.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions
of Use together with our Privacy Policy, any product disclaimers, and any payment
method instructions, if any, constitute the entire agreement between you and
us. You acknowledge that you have not entered into this agreement in reliance
upon any statement, warranty or representation made by TGS or any other person
or entity and you irrevocably and unconditionally waive any rights to claim
damages and/or to rescind these Terms and Conditions of Use by reason of any
misrepresentation (other than a fraudulent misrepresentation) that is not contained
in the Terms and Conditions of Use, our Privacy Policy, any product disclaimers,
and payment method instructions.
COPYRIGHT 2020 © THE GOLD SHEET. ALL RIGHT RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY