http://www.darkfallonline.com/legal
Skip to main content
Legal Info
WebSite Terms of Service
AVENTURINE S.A., THE CREATOR OF DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS, PROVIDES THIS SITE AND RELATED SERVICES SUBJECT TO YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION CAREFULLY:
Web Copyright Information All pages within this Internet site ("Site") are the property of Aventurine S.A. and/or its affiliates. No portion of the materials on these pages may be reprinted or republished in any form without the express written permission of Aventurine S.A.
Trademark Notice "Aventurine S.A., “Darkfall Online” and “Darkfall Unholy Wars" and their respective logos are trademarks and service marks of Aventurine S.A. All other trademarks, service marks and logos used in this Site are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners.
Warranty Disclaimer THIS SITE, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN IT OR ANY SITE-RELATED SERVICE, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH NO REPESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND SITE-RELATED SERVICES. AVENTURINE S.A., ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS SPONSORS ARE NEITHER RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES AND/OR CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THE SITE. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE AND/OR SITE-RELATED SERVICES IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND/OR THOSE SERVICES. Although Aventurine S.A. attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of the Site, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of the Site. It is possible that the Site could include inaccuracies or errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alterations could be made to the Site by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Aventurine S.A. so that it can be corrected.
Miscellaneous This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Greece and will be binding upon the parties hereto worldwide. User hereby agrees to the jurisdiction of the appropriate judicial tribunal in Athens. You hereby agree to the resolution of any and all disputes arising under these Terms of Service, or actions to enforce these Terms of Service in the exclusive jurisdiction of Athens Courts and waive any objection to such venue or exclusive jurisdiction. In the event that any of the provisions of these Terms of Service are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Service shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all written or oral agreements heretofore existing between the parties hereto are expressly canceled. Aventurine S.A. may modify the terms of these Terms of Service by posting notice of such modification on a page of the Site entitled "Terms of Service.” “Legal Notices" or "Legal Information" (or similar title) at the time the modification takes effect. Your access of, continued viewing and use of this site constitutes your consent and agreement to these Terms of Service. If you have any questions about these Terms of Service of Aventurine, please contact us at the following address: Aventurine S.A. Apostolou Pavlou 10B, Marousi 15123 Greece, or by emailing TOS@aventurine.gr.
Privacy Policy
Aventurine S.A., the creator of Darkfall and Darkfall Unholy Wars, is committed to protecting your privacy. Aventurine respects the privacy of its online visitors and users of Darkfall Unholy Wars. Aventurine recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected from users and has adopted this privacy policy that guides how Aventurine gathers, stores, and uses information from the use of Aventurine online sites and Darkfall Unholy Wars.
This Privacy Policy states our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you interact with our online sites or install and play Darkfall Unholy Wars. By accessing Aventurine online sites and/or installing and playing Darkfall Unholy Wars, you acknowledge and fully understand Aventurine’s Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is current as of its last revision date, December 05, 2012. However, this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy. Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy.  You continuing use of the Aventurine web site and products, including Darkfall Unholy Wars, is your agreement to any changes to these policies
Collection and Use of Information
By using Aventurine's online sites or installing and playing Darkfall Unholy Wars, users agree that Aventurine may collect aggregate information, individual information, and personally identifiable information, as defined below. Aventurine may share aggregate information and individual information with other parties. Aventurine shall not share personally identifiable information with other parties, except as described in the policy below.
"Aggregate information" is information that describes the habits, usage patterns, and demographics of users as a group but does not describe or reveal the identity of any particular user.
"Individual information" is information about a user that is presented in a form distinguishable from information relating to other users but not in a form that personally identifies any user or enables the recipient to communicate directly with any user unless agreed to by the user in advance of such communication. This information may be used to improve the installing and playing Darkfall Unholy Wars and online sites, for internal marketing studies, or simply to collect demographic information about Aventurine's users.
Aventurine may use customer contact information provided by users to send information about Aventurine, including news about product updates, contests, events, and other promotional materials, but only if the users agree to receive such communications. Except in the cases described below, Aventurine will not share personally identifiable information with any third party unless the user agrees to such disclosure in advance. "Personally identifiable information" consists of a user's name, email address, physical address, or other data about the user that enables the recipient to personally identify the user. While Aventurine collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis, for certain products and online sites, Aventurine's collection of personally identifiable information may be a requirement for access to Darkfall Unholy Wars. Personally identifiable information will be processed and stored by Aventurine in databases.  Aventurine may allow third parties performing services under contract with Aventurine to access stored information but such access shall only be to the extent necessary to provide those services. In those instances, the third party will be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.  In some situations, personally identifiable information you input in connection with Darkfall Unholy Wars may be made available to other users of Darkfall Unholy Wars. For example, during registration of Darkfall Unholy Wars, Aventurine collects a user's email address and nickname, and at the user's option, first and last name.  Some of this information may be searchable and available to other users within Darkfall Unholy Wars. Aventurine has no obligation to keep the privacy of personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users via Darkfall Unholy Wars or other Aventurine software, such as in multiplayer or other public functions. If a user does not want to provide this information, the user may choose to opt out of providing this information. Additionally, if providing the information is a requirement of usage, the user may decline to use that particular service or product.
Associates and Eternal Web Sites
Aventurine's privacy policy does not extend to associates of Aventurine.  Furthermore, external web sites and companies with links to and from Aventurine's online sites and products may collect personal information about users. Aventurine's privacy policy does not extend to these external web sites and companies. Please refer directly to these companies and web sites regarding their privacy policies. Aventurine may release personally identifiable information to comply with court orders or laws that require us to disclose such information
Children Under The Age of 13
Aventurine will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person age 12 and under. Aventurine encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online. Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us at privacy@aventurine.gr to obtain a record of any information held by Aventurine and have it removed at their request.
Minors
Adolescents aged 13-17 years should ask their parents to read our Privacy Policy and to contact us if they would like any information on our guarantee of confidentiality or to comment on the content. Minors under 18 years of age should not order or subscribe to Darkfall Unholy Wars or any paid service on-line without the permission of their parents or guardians. Parents and guardians should be particularly vigilant and to ensure that their minors do not transgress when using our sites or on-line services.
Cookies and Other Information on a User's Machine.
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user's hard drive to customize a person's usage of a product or online site, keep records of a user's access to an online site or product, or store information needed by the user on a regular basis.  Use of cookies is typically associated with web sites and online multiplayer games such as Darkfall Unholy Wars.  Aventurine does not use cookies on their web sites; however, Aventurine does store information on a user's hard drive that is used in conjunction with online play of Darkfall Unholy Wars. This includes a unique authorization key or CD-Key that is either entered by the user or downloaded automatically during product registration. This authorization key is used to identify a user as valid and allow access to Darkfall Unholy Wars.  Information regarding billing, your account, your Internet connection and the Aventurine software installed on your computer are uploaded to the server in connection with your use of Darkfall Unholy Wars software.
Bugs Reports.
Aventurine software may automatically generates and submits to Aventurine bug reports upon a crash or other fault in the Aventurine software.  This automatically generated bug report information may include information about other software or hardware on a user's system. Aventurine does not associate and store the automatically generated bug report information with personally identifiable information. Any bug reporting information manually submitted by users is associated and stored with personally identifiable information. Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play (e.g. player name and current player statistics) is public information and may be displayed to other users.
Chat Forums, Etc.
From time to time, Aventurine's online products may provide chat forums, bulletin boards, or instant messaging tools to users. Any information that is disclosed in chat forums or bulletin boards is public information, and users who message one another may not know each other personally. Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in such chat forums.
Choice/Opt-out
Aventurine gives users the option of discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Aventurine. Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Aventurine will be provided in such subsequent email communications to users.
Storage and Security of Information
Personally identifiable information will be processed and stored by Aventurine in databases. Aventurine has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us, including, but not limited to, setup of processes, equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information.
Contacting Aventurine
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the privacy practices of Aventurine, please contact us You can contact us at the following address: Aventurine S.A., Apostolou Pavlou 10B, Marousi 15123, Athens, Greece or by emailing privacy@aventurine.gr
ToS and EULA
DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS ONLINE TERMS OF SERVICE (“TOS”)
BY ENTERING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OPENING AN ACCOUNT, USING THE DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS UNHOLY WARS ONLINE GAME ACCESSING THE DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS UNHOLY WARS GAME WORLD AND HITTING THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON YOU ACKNOWLEDGE HAVING REVIEWED THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF SERVICE, THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM AND WAIVE ANY DEFENSE BASED ON THE METHOD OR MANNER THROUGH WHICH YOUR AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE HAVE BEEN ENTERED INTO.
Welcome to Darkfall Unholy Wars Unholy Wars online created by Aventurine S.A. There are two components to Darkfall Unholy Wars Unholy Wars online, the game client that you install on your computer (the “Game”) and the online service where the virtual world where the game is played (the “World”). Your use of the Game and the World are governed by these Terms of Service (“TOS”) and the End User License Agreement (“EULA”) that you agreed to when you installed the Game on your computer. You must agree to accept both the TOS and the EULA before you can to play Darkfall Unholy Wars Unholy Wars online. The TOS is set out in detail below and also available on the Darkfall Unholy Wars Unholy Wars online web site. The EULA is incorporated into these TOS by this reference. By installing and playing Darkfall Unholy Wars online you are specifically agreeing to both these TOS and the EULA.
Limited License to the World. Your participation in the Game and the World are subject to your ongoing agreement to and compliance with these TOS. Aventurine grants you a non exclusive, non transferable, revocable license to the Game and the World, subject to these TOS and the EULA. You may only use the Game and the World for your entertainment. Any commercial uses of the Game or the World by you is strictly prohibited.
Conditions and Limitations. Your Limited License to the World and the Game is subject to the following conditions and limitations:
a. You will not use and distribute cheats, bots, hacks, mods or any other third-party software not specifically offered or authorized by Aventurine that modifies or alters the Game or the World;
b. You will not commercially exploit the Game or the World in any manner including, but not limited to, the playing of the Game at a cyber café, computer gaming center or any other location-based site that does not have the written consent of Aventurine;
c. You will not commercially exploit the Game or the World by gathering or acquiring in-game currency, items or resources that are sold outside the Game or the World;
d. You will not commercially exploit the Game or the World by providing any services on the Game or the World for financial benefit or payment from outside the Game or the World;
e. You will not use any unauthorized third-party software that intercepts or otherwise collects information from or through the Game or the World such as software used to collect data from your computer or from the World through your computer regarding a character in the Game or in the World or any third party created player interface that is not specifically authorized by Aventurine;
f. You will not modify any files that are a part of the Game or of the World or use any hacks of cheats while playing in the Game or the World;
g. You will not host, develop or participate in any matchmaking services for the Game or the World unless specifically authorized by Aventurine to do so;
h. You will not participate or facilitate any unauthorized play of the Game or the World over the internet or any private network;
i. You will not participate or facilitate in any manner any connection to the Game or the World on any server that is not authorized and maintained by Aventurine or those authorized to provide a server by Aventurine;
j. You will not in any manner disrupt or facilitate in the disruption of any server used to support the World or any other player’s computer used to play the Game or access the World including, but not limited to, ping bombing or denial of service attacks. You acknowledge that, in addition to such actions being a violation of these TOS and the EULA, they may also be in violation of criminal and civil law and could subject you to criminal and civil penalties;
k. You will not use the Game or the World in any manner that violates any law, government regulation or that interferes with any third party rights.
Use. You acknowledge that the individual agreeing to the license and opening a player account is an adult and that this license is for the use of the Game and the World on a single computer either for that adult or for one minor child that they are either the parent or legal guardian of whom they have authorized to use the account created for their use by the adult parent or guardian.
Aventurine Ownership of the Game and the World. Aventurine, or the licensors of any additional works incorporated into the Game and the World, own all rights and title to the Game and the World. This exclusive ownership includes all player accounts and characters, any player virtual content acquired in the World with the Game, computer code, art, animations, sounds, musical compositions, visual effects, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, dialog, locations, concepts, moral rights, documentation, "applets" incorporated into the Game and transcripts of the chat, character profile information, player generated recordings of games played the Game and the World, server technologies and everything created with the Game or in the World. You understand and acknowledge that Aventurine will constantly make changes to the Game and the World and will, in its sole discretion, modify features, functions or abilities of any element of the Game or the World, without limitation.
Darkfall Unholy Wars Account. In order to play the Game in the World each player must establish an Account with the Darkfall Unholy Wars online system. When creating an account you will provide Aventurine with personal and financial information as well as the Authentication Key provided to you when you purchased the Game. You must provide accurate information to Aventurine and update that information promptly after it changes. Once you establish your account you will select a player name and set up a password for your account. Do not share your player name or password with anyone else. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account player name or password, and you will be responsible for all uses of your account player name or password, whether you authorize its use or not. In the event that you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including without limitation any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of your account player name or password, you must immediately notify Aventurine at the contact email address on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars website.
Account Ownership. THE ACCOUNT YOU CREATE FOR DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS ONLINE REPRESENTS YOUR LICENSE TO PLAY THE GAME IN THE WORLD. IT DOES NOT IMPART OR REPRESENT ANY OWNERSHIP RIGHT TO YOU IN ANY CHARACTERS, ITEM OR CONTENT IN THE GAME OR IN THE WORLD. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ALL OF THE CONTENT IN THE GAME AND THE WORLD ARE THE EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY OF AVENTURINE AND YOU HAVE NO PROPERTY RIGHT OR OTHER VESTED INTEREST OF ANY KIND IN YOUR ACCOUNT OR IN ANY OF THE IN-GAME CHARACTERS, ITEMS OR ATTRIBUTED ACQUIRED BY YOUR CHARACTERS IN THE GAME OR IN THE WORLD. YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO YOUR ACCOUNT ARE OWNED BY AVENTURINE.
Management of Accounts. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT AVENTURINE, AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION, MAY SUSPEND, MODIFY, SUSPEND OR DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. IF FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON YOU ACCOUNT IS TERMINATED, SUSPENDED OR ALTERED IN ANY MANNER YOU WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO COMPENSATION FOR THE TIME YOU SPENT PLAYING THE GAME IN THE WORLD OR FOR ANY OTHER COMPENSATION. For informational purposes only, and not as a limitation of Aventurine’s rights, most adverse account actions are related violations of these Terms of Service or the EULA.
In Game and in World Conduct. Darkfall Unholy Wars online is for the entertainment and enjoyment of all of its players. So, there are rules of conduct that help keep the game fun for everyone and also to protect Aventurine’s rights. You must comply with these rules while playing the Game in the World and also while posting on the related Darkfall Unholy Wars relate forums, including those on any third party fan sites. These rules must be complied with by everyone who plays Darkfall Unholy Wars online without exception. All account holders agree to comply with the rules of conduct. The rules set out here are in no way meant to limit any of Aventurine’s discretionary rights regarding accounts of conduct. They are guidelines that should be followed at all times. Aventurine retains the right to change these rules of conduct at any time.
a. Player Conduct. The following rules of conduct apply to all players within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites or forums:
i. While playing Darkfall Unholy Wars online, you must respect the rights of others and their rights to play and enjoy the game.
ii. You may not defraud, harass, threaten, or cause distress and/or unwanted attention to other players within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
iii. You will not report players maliciously, or cause them to be investigated by Aventurine for misconduct or violation of these TOS or the EULA without reason.
iv. You may not post or communicate any player's real world information (name, address, account names, etc.) in the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
v. You may not use sexually explicit, harmful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene, hateful, or racially or ethnically offensive language within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
vi. You may not post or link to any sexually explicit, harmful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene, hateful, or racially or ethnically offensive imagery or content within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
vii. When communicating in Darkfall Unholy Wars online using Chat (including, without limitation, server wide chat and use of the whisper command), you may not spam, flood, or make duplicate posts.
viii. You may not impersonate any employee of Aventurine or anyone acting under the authority of Aventurine or its affiliates within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
ix. You may not violate any local, state, national, or international laws or regulations within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
x. You may not market, promote, advertise, or solicit within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
xi. You may not trick, cheat or defraud any fellow player out of game currency, items or any other in a game item of value, outside of the scope of in-game role-playing. You may not engage in these activities where out-of-game communications or real currency is involved.
xii. You will follow the instructions of authorized personnel while in Darkfall Unholy Wars online or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online website.
xiii. You may not organize nor be a member of any Guild or other groups within the Game or the World that are based on, reflect or espouse any racist, sexist, anti-religious, anti-ethnic, anti-gay, or other hate mongering philosophies.
b. Player and Guild Names. Each player gets to select a player name. However, these names have certain restrictions on them. Guilds are also an important part of the Darkfall Unholy Wars online community. So, the names of Guilds are also governed by the following rules.
i. You may not use any name that belongs to another person with the intent to impersonate that person, including any employee of Aventurine or anyone acting under the authority of Aventurine or its affiliates within the Game, the World or on the official Darkfall Unholy Wars online web sites.
ii. You may not use any name that incorporates vulgar language or which are otherwise offensive, defamatory, obscene, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. iii. You may not use any name that is, contains, or is substantially similar to a trademark or service mark, whether registered or not. iv. You may not use any name that belongs to any religious figure or deity.
v. You may not use any name that is from the Darkfall Unholy Wars Game or World.
vi. You may not use any name that relates to drugs, sex, alcohol, or criminal activity.
c. Use of Darkfall Unholy Wars content. You may use our images, text, and video or audio files from the Game and the World within the following rules.
i. The content must be used in a noncommercial context for private, personal use only.
ii. You must include all copyright and other notices associated with the content.
iii. You will not create or display and any content or videos of the Game or the World that alter the content in a negative manner to misrepresent the content or gameplay in a negative way.
iv. You acknowledge and agree any use of Darkfall Unholy Wars content does not in any manner impart on you any rights whatsoever and that any content is the property of Aventurine and has not been conveyed to you except as permitted in these TOS and the EULA.
v. You agree that Aventurine has the right to request removal of your content at any time, for any reason or for no reason.
vi. You acknowledge and agree that you will not use our content on sites that contain or link to sites containing hacks or cheats, pornography, inflammatory content, infringing or unlawful content.
Transfer of Account or Virtual Items Prohibited. Aventurine does not allow or recognize the transfer of accounts or any virtual items acquired in the Game or the World. You cannot sell, purchase or trade any Account, or offer to sell, purchase or trade any Account. Similarly, since Aventurine owns all of the content in the Game and the World you cannot sell or purchase any virtual items or characters from the Game or the World. Similarly, you cannot trade in game items from the Game or the World for money or anything else of value from outside the Game or the World.
Disclosure of Information. You acknowledge and agree that Aventurine has the absolute right, at its sole discretion and without notice to you, to disclose your Internet Protocol (IP) address(es), personal information, Chat logs, and other information about you and your activities in response to a request by law enforcement, a court order or other legal process, if doing so may protect your safety or the safety of others or to protect or enforce Aventurine’s rights in the Game and the World.
Active Game and Account Monitoring. You agree that Aventurine may use whatever procedures or protocols it may deem necessary to monitor your computer and activity in the Game and the World. This may include, but is not limited to, monitoring your personal computer to determine the validity of your installation you account and the Game and to assure that you are not using any third party software that might violate these TOS or the EULA. You agree that Aventurine or its authorized agents may monitor, by any means, your computer’s CPU, operating system, video card, sound card and memory information in order to analyze and optimize your Game experience, improve and maintain the Game and the World or to provide customer service. If you request customer service or technical support, you understand and agree to Aventurine or its authorized agents engaging in remote access and review of your computer for purposes of such support. In addition, though not obliged to do so, Aventurine may monitor, record, review, modify or disclose any player chat in the Game of the World, whether voice or text, without notice, and you hereby consent to such monitoring, recording, review, modification or disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that you participate in any chat in the Game or the World at your own risk.
Multiplayer Environment. The Game and the World are accessed by multiple game players simultaneous. As a result, you may encounter other players who are rude, offensive, belligerent, and who may use indecent, obscene, and/or threatening or harassing language while playing the Game and in the World. You should report any instances of such behavior to Aventurine. Aventurine will endeavor to investigate and take whatever actions Aventurine, in its sole judgment, determines are reasonable under the circumstances. Aventurine does not guarantee that you will not encounter behavior of others that you may view as insulting, demeaning, offensive, threatening or harassing. You assume all risk associated with playing the Game in the multiplayer World, and Aventurine assumes no responsibility for the conduct of any other players, and shall not be liable to you or any other person for the conduct any other players.
No Warranty. THE GAME AND THE WORLD ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND AVENTURINE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE GAME OR THE WORLD WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE GAME OR THE WORLD ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AVENTURINE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. AVENTURINE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE GAME OR THE WORLD WILL CONTINUE TO BE PROVIDED IN ITS PRESENT FORM OR IN ANY FORM.
Limitation of Liability. AS A CONDITION OF THE LIMITED LICENSE TO THE GAME AND THE WORLD AND OF YOUR CONTINUED USE AND ACCESS TO THE GAME AND THE WORLD YOU AGREE THAT AVENTURINE OR ITS AGENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR DAMAGE OR LOSS OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE GAME OR WORLD. ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE TO YOUR PLAYER CHARACTERS, ACCOUNTS, STATISTICS, INVENTORIES OR PLAYER PROFILE INFORMATION, FOR ANY INTERRUPTIONS OF YOUR ABILITY TO PLAY THE GAME OR ACCESS THE WORLD, FOR ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE FAILURES OR ANY OTHER EVENT WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS OF DATA OR DISRUPTION OF YOUR ABILITY TO PLAY THE GAME OR ACCESS THE WORLD. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT ASSERT OR MAKE ANY CLAIM OR SUIT AGAINST AVENTURINES OR ITS AGENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES RELATED TO OR BASED ON YOUR CLAIMED OWNERSHIP OF ANY VIRTUAL CHARACTER OR GOODS IN THE GAME OR THE WORLD OR FOR THE DELETION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR PLAYER ACCOUNT OR CONTENT, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON.
Governing Law and Venue. These TOS and the EULA incorporated herein are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Greece and will be binding upon the account holders in the Game and the World worldwide. You hereby agree to the jurisdiction of the appropriate judicial tribunal in Athens. You agree to the resolution of any and all disputes arising under these TOS and the EULA, or actions to enforce the terms of these TOS or the EULA, in the exclusive jurisdiction of Athens Courts and waive any objection to such venue or exclusive jurisdiction.
Additional Aventurine Remedies. You agree that your compliance with these TOS and the EULA are necessary and reasonable in order to protect Aventurine and its business, and expressly agree that monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate Aventurine for any breach of these TOS or the EULA. Accordingly, you agree and acknowledge that any such violation or threatened violation will cause irreparable injury to Aventurine and that, in addition to any other remedies that may be available in law, equity or otherwise, Aventurine will be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the threatened breach of the Agreement or the continuation of any such breach by you, without the necessity of a bond or proving actual damages.
Severability of Provisions. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any term, covenant or restriction of these TOS or of the EULA to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining terms, covenants and provisions will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. If any provision in these TOS or the EULA is determined to be unenforceable in equity because of its scope, duration, geographical area or other factor, then the court making that determination will have the power to reduce or limit such scope, duration, area or other factor, and such provision will be then enforceable in its reduced or limited form.
If you have any question or comment please contact us at support@aventurine.gr
Terms of Sale
You should carefully read the following terms of sale (“Terms of Sale“). By placing an order to purchase a product and/or a service you agree to be bound by this legal contract and you acknowledge that you are at least 18 years old or that you have the permission from your parents or a legal guardian to enter into this legal contract.For any purchases of digital content, such as software which is not supplied on a tangible medium, game subscriptions, digital in-game items, , and/or services, such as value-added services (“Services”), the “Terms of Sale for Digital Content and Services” under section A apply.For any purchases of physical products, such as software which is supplied on a tangible medium, apparel and/or any other physical merchandise product (“Physical Product”), the “Terms of Sale for Physical Products” under section B apply (coming soon).Section A – Terms of Sale for Digital Content and Services
Your order. By placing an order you submit a binding offer to purchase the relevant Digital Content or Service from Aventurine S.A. (“Aventurine”, “we” or “us”), Apostolou Pavlou 10B, Marousi, 15123 Athens, Greece. Your order is accepted and a contract concluded once we have sent you a confirmation email (“Confirmation Email”) or we have enabled access to the Digital Content and/or Service. The use of Digital Content or a Service is also governed by the Terms of Service, any applicable end-user license agreements and/or any other terms of use and/or terms of services presented to you during the ordering process.  Important: You hereby expressly consent that the supply of Digital Content and the performance of our Services begins immediately after we have sent you our Confirmation Email. In the case of pre-orders, the performance begins when we add the respective license to your account immediately after we have sent you our Confirmation Email.
Subscriptions. The duration of a game subscription will depend on the subscription period you have chosen. In order to avoid any interruption of the use of the Digital Content, your subscription is set to renew automatically, for the same subscription period that you have chosen. You may cancel your subscription anytime by clicking the “cancel account” button on the first page of your account management page before the current subscription period expires. However, you will be able to use the Digital Content until the current subscription period ends. Note that there are no refunds if you decide to terminate your subscription early as the Digital Content will be available for your use until the subscription period ends. Aventurine reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify the amount of the subscription fees. In such an event, Aventurine will send you an email notification at least thirty days before the price modifications are made. With the notification, we will remind you that your continued use after the end of your current subscription period means that you accept the new subscription fees. However, the new price will only be applicable to you from the date of your automatic subscription renewal. If you disagree with those price modifications, you may cancel your subscription by clicking the “cancel account” button on the first page of your account management page before the subscription period with the modified price starts. Please note that your cancellation has to be made before the price changes come into force, otherwise you will be deemed to have accepted those modifications.
Prices and payment. Prices include any applicable value-added tax. Digital Content and Services are sold to you on a pre-payment basis. Payment is due immediately with the order and in case of an automatic renewal of a subscription at the beginning of the new subscription period. Different payment methods indicated during the ordering process, such as credit card or direct, will be available to you. For the use of any third-party payment and billing provider, such as PayPal, that provider’s additional terms and costs may apply.
Revised terms. We may, from time to time, change, modify or update these Terms of Sale and the revised Terms of Sale will apply to all subsequent purchases. You agree that you will review the Terms of Sale before any purchase.
Aventurine S.A.  No Refund Policy for Darkfall Unholy Wars. Darkfall Unholy Wars is a next generation Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG).  As an MMO there can be no refunds for downloaded games.  We will not offer refunds for purchases made online.  Any retail refunds would be at the sole discretion of the retailer where the game is purchased.  As outlined in the End User License Agreement (“EULA”) that accompanies Darkfall Unholy Wars, your license to play Darkfall Unholy Wars is non-refundable and non-transferable. The unique "Serial Key" accompanying each copy of Darkfall Unholy Wars used to activate your copy of Darkfall Unholy Wars is also non-transferable. In addition to the above, the following terms apply to pricing of and payment for Darkfall Unholy Wars. The price for Darkfall Unholy Wars is subject to change at any time without notice. Charges for shipping, handling and tax may not be included in displayed prices for Darkfall Unholy Wars but will be displayed during the purchase process, although such displayed prices may not include all taxes, duties, and other fees that you may be obligated to pay to applicable government authorities. Shipping and handling charges displayed on our web site may or may not reflect the actual charges paid by Aventurine S.A. All war-risk, marine, or other insurance; harbor charges; tolls; wharfage; demurrage; wharf handling; duties, or warehousing charges are excluded from prices displayed on our web site and are your responsibility. You may be obligated under applicable local law to pay additional import duties and fees.
Governing law and place of jurisdiction. The Terms of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Greek law, excluding its conflicts of law rules and excluding the UN Convention on Contracts for International Sale of Goods.
Place of jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms of Sale shall be the courts of Greece.
Games Account Terms of Service
AVENTURINE S.A., THE CREATOR OF DARKFALL UNHOLY WARS, PROVIDES THIS SYSTEM AND RELATED SERVICES SUBJECT TO THE USERS COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION CAREFULLY:
Account Management (AMS) Copyright Information
All pages within this Account Management System ("AMS") are the property of Aventurine S.A. and/or its affiliates. No portion of the materials on these pages may be reprinted or republished in any form without the express written permission of Aventurine S.A.
Trademark Notice
"Aventurine S.A.“, “Darkfall Online” and “Darkfall Unholy Wars" and their respective logos are trademarks and service marks of Aventurine S.A. All other trademarks, service marks and logos used in this AMS are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners.
Warranty Disclaimer THIS AMS, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN IT OR ANY AMS SERVICE, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH NO REPESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  THE USER ASSUMES TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THEIR USE OF THIS AMS AND AMS-RELATED SERVICES. AVENTURINE S.A., ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS SPONSORS ARE NEITHER RESPONSIBLE NOR LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE AMS, AMS-RELATED SERVICES AND/OR CONTENT OR INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN THE AMS. THE USER’S SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE AMS AND/OR AMS-RELATED SERVICES IS TO STOP USING THE AMS AND/OR THOSE SERVICES. Although Aventurine S.A. attempts to ensure the integrity and accurateness of the AMS, it makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the correctness or accuracy of the AMS. It is possible that the AMS could include inaccuracies or errors, and that unauthorized additions, deletions and alterations could be made to the AMS by third parties. In the event that an inaccuracy arises, please inform Aventurine S.A. so that it can be corrected.
Miscellaneous This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Greece and will be binding upon the parties hereto worldwide.  The user hereby agrees to the jurisdiction of the appropriate judicial tribunal in Athens. The user hereby agrees to the resolution of any and all disputes arising under these Term of Service, or actions to enforce these Terms of Service in the exclusive jurisdiction of Athens Courts and waives any objection to such venue or exclusive jurisdiction. In the event that any of the provisions of these Terms of Service are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Service shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all written or oral agreements heretofore existing between the parties hereto are expressly canceled. Aventurine S.A. may modify the terms of these Terms of Service by posting notice of such modification on a page of the AMS entitled "Terms of Service.” “Legal Notices" or "Legal Information" (or similar title) at the time the modification takes effect. The users access of, continued viewing and use of this AMS constitutes their consent and agreement to these Terms of Service. If the user has any questions about these Terms of Service of Aventurine, please contact us at the following address: Aventurine S.A. Apostolou Pavlou 10B, Marousi 15123 Greece, or by emailing TOS@aventurine.gr.
Chargebacks and Disputes
A chargeback or dispute is a payment that has gone through all the correct channels and has been paid to Avenurine S.A.. In turn, Aventurine has awarded the account, the agreed length of play-time for the paid subscription or completed the requested service.  The charge that will appear on user’s credit card or Paypal statement will be from “Aventurine S.A”.  If the user places a chargeback with their credit card company or initiates a Paypal dispute (on purpose or by mistake) for any product or service the user has received from Aventurine, their account will be permanently banned and will remain so until the chargeback or dispute has been cancelled.  Aventurine considers credit card chargebacks and Paypal disputes to be fraud. if the user has made no reasonable effort to work with Aventurine to resolve any problems with their purchase.
Freezing and canceling Subscriptions
Aventurine cannot freeze game time nor will refund any unused game-time.  It is the account user’s responsibility to make sure that reoccurring charges are cancelled prior to the next reoccurring charge if they wish to suspend their game play.
Refunds
Aventurine S.A. has a strict policy on refunds.  As outlined in the EULA that accompanies Darkfall Unholy Wars, the user’s license to play DUW is non-refundable and non-transferable.” Refunds can only be considered on an individual basis and proper documentation may be required for approval.  Please keep in mind that our policy is No refunds.  If a refund is issued, the funds will be returned to the same method of purchase (credit card, Paypal, etc.). The funds may take 7-10 working days to be available.  The account will be disabled, if the refund was a client or a subscription option.
Account Security The user is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their account, player name or password, and will be responsible for all uses of their account player name or password, whether they authorize its use or not.   The user must provide accurate information to Aventurine and update that information promptly after it changes. Aventurine suggests the following security measures:
When contacting Customer Support, please use the registered email address that is associated to the account in question.
Never give out account information, not even to closest friends or family members
Never give out password, not even to Aventurine employees
Account password should be complex, containing a mix of alpha-numeric and symbols like ^%# etc...
Account password should be long and changed often; Length and duration are up to the user.
Do not use game account password for Forum account password or vice a versa.
Do not use same or similar account information on a third party website
Use antivirus and spy ware programs, keep it up-dated and be wary of 3rd party programs that have key loggers.
Management of Account THE USER ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT AVENTURINE, AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION, MAY SUSPEND, MODIFY, SUSPEND OR DELETE THEIR ACCOUNT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO THE USER. IF FOR ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON THE ACCOUNT IS TERMINATED, SUSPENDED OR ALTERED IN ANY MANNER THE USER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO COMPENSATION FOR THE TIME SPENT PLAYING THE GAME IN THE WORLD OR FOR ANY OTHER COMPENSATION.  For informational purposes only, and not as a limitation of Aventurine’s rights, most adverse account actions are related violations of these Terms of Service or the EULA.
Ownership of Account and character Transfer of Account, character or Virtual Items Prohibited.    Aventurine does not allow or recognize the transfer of Accounts, character or any virtual items acquired in the Game or the World.  The user cannot sell, purchase or trade any Account, or offer to sell, purchase or trade.  Similarly, since Aventurine owns all of the content in the Game and the World the user cannot sell or purchase any virtual items or characters from the Game or the World.  Similarly, the user cannot trade in game items from the Game or the World for money or anything else of value from outside the Game or the World.
Minor Children Children Under The Age of 13. Aventurine will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person age 12 and under. Aventurine encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online. Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us at privacy@aventurine.gr to obtain a record of any information held by Aventurine and have it removed at their request. Minors. Adolescents aged 13-17 years should ask their parents to read our Privacy Policy and to contact us if they would like any information on our guarantee of confidentiality or to comment on the content.  Minors under 18 years of age should not order or subscribe to Darkfall Unholy Wars or any paid service on-line without the permission of their parents or guardians. Parents and guardians should be particularly vigilant and to ensure that their minors do not transgress when using our sites or on-line services.
Personal Information and Privacy
The user acknowledges and agrees that Aventurine may collect and store Personal Details and use them for limited purpose of:
a. Verification or authentication of a user’s identity b. Establishing an Account with Aventurine c. Assistance of services to users, such as gameplay, Game administration and technical support d. Marketing and offering Aventurine products and services to the users.   Disclosure of Information:    The user acknowledges and agrees that Aventurine has the absolute right, at its sole discretion and without notice to the user, to disclose the user’s Internet Protocol (IP) address(es), personal information, Chat logs, and other information about the user and their activities in response to a request by law enforcement, a court order or other legal process,  if doing so may protect the users safety or the safety of others or to protect or enforce Aventurine’s rights in the Game and the World.
Official Service Invoice As the account holder, the user has the right to request an official Invoice for their purchase by contacting Customers Support and it will be sent to the user immediately in PDF format.
Community Terms of Service
Welcome to the Darkfall Unholy Wars community! Aventurine provides you with the opportunity to interact with fellow fans via this forum.
Herein this document “You” will be defined as any user accessing the Darkfall Unholy Wars community elements, whether as a registered user or otherwise. “We” shall be defined as Aventurine and their affiliates throughout.
The Darkfall Unholy Wars forums are intended to provide a positive atmosphere for the community. The terms of service below outline what we expect from you when participating in the community. The following terms are not exhaustive in their outline and may not address each situation. Thus the moderators and staff employed by Aventurine will have full discretion to address any situation that they feel is out of step with the spirit of the terms of service. Your access to the community (defined as any facet of the Darkfall Unholy Wars services) is not guaranteed under any circumstance and may be terminated at any time for any reason. You do not have the right to be informed of the reason. Aventurine reserves the right to remove any content at any time for any reason. All content posted to community assets shall become a protected asset of Aventurine whereupon they reserve the right to modify, delete, retain, or share with first or third party partners at their discretion.
Terms of Service
This community service enables you to participate in the forums on various game-related topics or off-topic conversations. You acknowledge and agree that if you submit any content to the forums, you will be solely responsible for such content. Aventurine will not be liable in any way for any such content submitted.
You further agree that:
You will not submit any content which is harassing, abusive, threatening, harmful, libelous or defamatory, encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liabilities, or is unlawful in any way.
You will not submit any content protected by intellectual property laws or by rights of privacy, unless you own the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights.
You will not submit any content which contains a virus or other harmful components.
You will not engage in activity that interferes with or disrupts the use of the forums by other users.
You will not submit any content that encourages any illegal activities, or provides guidance or instructional activities about such illegal activities.
You will not make any false representation, including impersonation of any person or entity or misrepresentation of your affiliation with any person or entity.
You will not make use of the forums for commercial purposes, such as advertising any products or services, reselling or publishing information posted or transmitted.
Rules of Conduct
You must have an active Darkfall Unholy Wars game account to post on our forums. Your forum account is linked to your Darkfall Unholy Wars subscription. If you are suspended or banned from the game, you will not be able to post on the forums.
You may not post any screenshots, in order to provide optimum forum performance for our users. You may provide links to screenshots which are hosted elsewhere. ASCII art is also not permitted.
Signature graphics are permitted, but must follow these guidelines: a. Signature graphics may only contain your character name, clan logo, clan or personal slogan or other text that is directly related to your in-game persona, or content directly related to Darkfall Unholy Wars. b. Maximum height of the signature image: c. Maximum width of the signature image: d. Maximum file size of the signature image:
Respect all members of the forum at all times. The purpose of the forum is to provide a platform for the exchange of ideas. Occasionally, there will be conflicts that arise when people voice their opinions. Be reasonable when disagreeing with others. It is always possible to disagree without insulting the other speakers.
You may not post ranting messages. These messages are redundant, non-constructive and are often filled with angry comments. Ranting messages are disruptive and incite flaming and trolling. Thus they prohibit the building of a strong sense of community and are unhelpful to the development of the game. Take care that your messages are concise and clear.
You may not post flaming messages. These messages are not beneficial to the community spirit and they will be considered as personal attacks. Since Darkfall Unholy Wars is considered a “role-playing” game, members of opposing clans are allowed “in-character” disputes, but you must have in mind that it is sometimes easy for tempers to flare when the lines between a virtual world and reality are crossed.
You may not post personal information. Each forum member must respect the privacy of other Darkfall Unholy Wars players and not give out information such as phone numbers, addresses and photographs.
Private messages between forum members and moderators or administrators of the forum are not to be made public on these forums or by any other venue.
You may not discuss warnings and bans on the forum. These issues are considered private between the forum member and the moderators or the administrators of this forum. You may communicate with a moderator or administrator through email or private message and pose any questions or comments concerning warnings or bans.
You may be immediately banned from the forum for any of the following reasons: a. Posts of pornography. b. Discriminatory remarks which are sexually explicit, harmful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, obscene, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive. c. Excessive obscene or vulgar language. d. Posts which discuss or illustrate illegal activities. e. Providing links to websites that contain any of the aforementioned.
Spamming, bumping or pyramid quoting is unwelcome. Spam is defined as the repetitive posting of the same text (and it includes posts like “first” or “go back to playing <another game>”). Bumping posts are posts that are created in a specific way to keep them near the top of the discussion (and include messages like “/signed”). Pyramid quoting posts are those messages that contain more than four quotes, often with additional spaces added unnecessarily.
You may not post about bugs and exploits. Bugs and exploits should be reported to our Customer Support department. Discussions about unverified bugs and exploits in the game can cause unnecessary panic in the community. Aventurine will make official statements if there is an issue that the community needs to be aware of.
Forum moderators and administrators have the right to delete redundant posts. We encourage our community members to do a search before beginning a new thread, as a courtesy to others. Multiple threads on the same subject clutter the forum needlessly and good ideas are lost.
Impersonating other forum members, moderators, administrators or Aventurine staff members is strictly prohibited, either in the forum or in-game. This may result in the permanent loss of your Darkfall Unholy Wars account.
You may not post advertisements. Posts about other games, game companies, websites and services may result a permanent ban from the forum.
You may not reopen a locked thread by creating a new one with the same topic. Forum moderators will remove these posts and repeated offences may result in a ban.
This policy is not all inclusive and is not language restrictive. The moderation staff reserves the right to take any action they deem necessary on a case by case basis to keep the community within our intended target of acceptability.
The forum logs all internet protocol addresses on connection which are visible to administrative staff and may be given to proper law enforcement entities when appropriate. All email addresses entered into our database are held solely by Aventurine and will not be shared, sold, or made available to any third party except in the case where a law enforcement entity may require it. If you do not want your information made public please utilize the forum software functions to hide your email address. Users will be held accountable for all material posted and all actions taken from their host.
We may contact you via email from time to time if you give us permission to do so within your user profile. The forums will in many cases automatically send content to your email address unless you specifically forbid it via your user profile. Aventurine is not responsible for the content located in many of these automated emails.
By utilizing any Aventurine related service you fully agree to abide by all aforementioned terms. Aventurine reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without prior notice.
Aventurine and its affiliates may not be responsible for content or opinions express in their forums. Opinions posted by staff members may not always reflect those of Aventurine or its affiliates.
Terms of Termination
As stated in the Darkfall Unholy Wars Terms of Service, Terms of Use and EULA, Aventurine S.A. reserves the right to permanently terminate this Agreement “without prior notice,” resulting in an immediate and permanent account 'ban' if you engage in behaviour that Aventurine considers to be a “serious” violation of any Darkfall Unholy Wars Terms of Service Agreements. “Serious Violations” of the Darkfall Unholy Wars Terms of Service Agreement would include the following:
Any behaviour that endangers the gaming experience of other players; this includes but is not limited to, disclosing personal information of other players, real life threats e.t.c.
Hosting, provide matchmaking services for, or intercepting, emulating or redirecting the communication protocols used by Aventurine as part of Darkfall Unholy Wars, regardless of the method used to do so.
Modifying, or causing the modification of any files that are a part of a Darkfall Unholy Wars installation;
Taking advantage of Darkfall Unholy Wars In-game exploits
Creating or using cheats and/or hacks, or any other third-party software designed to modify the Darkfall Unholy Wars experience;
Using any third-party software that intercepts, “mines”, or otherwise collects information from or through Darkfall Unholy Wars;
Buying or selling for “real” money or exchange, gold, weapons, armor, or any other virtual items that may be used in Darkfall Unholy Wars;
Allowing any third person (except for a minor for whom you opened the Account) to play on your Account including, but not limited to, using so-called “power leveling services,” i.e. paying a third person for playing on your Account;
Playing on the Account of a third person including, but not limited to, providing so-called “power leveling services;” and/or
Instituting, assisting, or become involved in, an attack upon either of the two Darkfall Unholy Wars servers or otherwise attempt to disrupt the Darkfall Unholy Wars servers.
Misrepresenting character names for the explicate reason to get other players account log in information “scamming/Impersonation”; and/or the use of specific lower case/capital letters to resemble current character or clan names to gain access to accounts, clans other restricted information.
Code of Conduct
Darkfall Unholy Wars Code of Conduct
The Darkfall Unholy Wars team takes player conduct very seriously. We want our players to have the freedom to enjoy the game, while respecting the rules in the Code of Conduct which are in place to protect the game, and the enjoyment of all its players. We actively enforce the Code of Conduct and this document serves as a kind reminder of the guidelines players need to respect while playing Darkfall Unholy Wars.
Penalties for violating the Code of Conduct are Suspensions, or Permanent Bans
Suspensions can be placed on accounts that have violated any article(s) of our Terms of Service, EULA, or Terms of Sales. The violations that result in these suspensions are ones where no serious consequences or damage have occurred to other users, or to the game. Suspensions can range from 24 hours to 2 weeks depending on the violation.
Permanent bans are lasting and final. They are verified prior to execution and apply to serious violations, such as when a player had disrupted gameplay or has affected game balance in any way, or has affected the game experience of other players, or has plotted in cooperation with other users to violate the Code of Conduct.
Modding /Hacking /Cheating
Using any modified version of game code (i.e. cheats) will result in a permanent ban.
Unsupported Hardware & Applications:
Users who interact with the game via unsupported external devices or applications such as, but not limited to, IP flooders and lag switches are liable to penalty.
Minor violations:  They can result in the user being suspended.
Extreme and/or repeat violations: Result in a permanent ban.
Skill System Exploitation (Boosting)
Attempting to advance skill level or any other in-game advantage by means of conspiring with other players is considered a violation of the CoC. The penalties are listed below:
First violation: Results in the user being suspended from playing the game online
Second violation: The user receives a longer suspension than that of the first violation.
Multiple (repeat) violations: Result in a permanent ban.
Exploiting
Users who abuse an exploit in game code or other established rules will face consequences. An example includes, but is not limited to, using a geometry glitch to intentionally go outside the game boundary.
First violation: Results in the user being suspended
Second violation: The user receives a longer suspension than that of the first violation.
Extreme or Multiple Repeat violations: Result in a permanent ban.
Wall of Shame
Aventurine reserves the right to publically post character names and any aliases to the “Wall of Shame” for accounts that are in violation of Code of Conduct policies at www.unholybanhammer.com/