http://www.eventhubs.com/privacypolicy/
Tiers
Tournament Results
Podcast
Events
Stats
Street Fighter 5
Dragon Ball FighterZ
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
Granblue Fantasy: Versus
Mortal Kombat 11
Tekken 7
Samurai Shodown
More site features
Tiers
Podcast
Stats
Tournament Results
Street Fighter 5: Champion Edition
Dragon Ball FighterZ
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
Granblue Fantasy: Versus
Mortal Kombat 11
Tekken 7
Samurai Shodown
More
News and features
Tournament Players
Top stories
Game specific news
Forums
EventHubs Discord
Player finder
Justin Wong's column
Most commented stories
Capcom fighters
Darkstalkers 2
Darkstalkers 3
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
Marvel Super Heroes
Street Fighter 2 Turbo
Street Fighter 3 Third Strike
Street Fighter Alpha 3
Street Fighter X Tekken
SSF2T HD Remix
Ultra Street Fighter 2
Ultra Street Fighter 4
USF4 Omega Edition
Capcom vs. series
Marvel vs. Capcom 1
Marvel vs. Capcom 2
Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite
Tatsunoko vs. Capcom
Ult. Marvel vs. Capcom 3
2D fighters
BlazBlue CP
Fighting EX Layer
Guilty Gear XX ACP
Guilty Gear Xrd REV 2
Injustice: Gods Among Us
Injustice 2
Killer Instinct
King of Fighters 13
King of Fighters 14
Mortal Kombat 9
Mortal Kombat X
Persona 4: Arena
PlayStation All-Stars BR
Skullgirls
Super Smash Bros. Melee
Super Smash Bros. 4
3D fighters
Dead or Alive 5
Soul Calibur 5
Soul Calibur 6
Tekken Tag Tournament 2
Virtua Fighter 5 FS
Privacy Policy
EventHubs collects usernames, email addresses and IP addresses for the purpose of security, verification and preventing abuse. This information, with the exception of IP addresses, is only collected from users who sign up for an EventHubs account. IP addresses are logged for security measures and preventing abuse.
The information we collect is not shared with other parties, nor is it available for sale in any way, and is locked behind systems that stops outside access.
Location information in our Player Finder is masked with the purpose of hiding user's specific locations — as we show things at a general zip code or city level, instead of anything more specific. We also take additional measures to hide our member's locations to an approximate spot in a square mile radius, when doing searches, instead of a specific location, to further hide user locations. Specific user location information is NOT stored in the Player Finder, even if it is initially provided, as we convert this to a general region (city or zip code) instead of a specific address. Location information can be changed and altered any time by our users, and is not verified in any way on our end.
Game service user IDs (PSN, XBL), fighting game preferences and character preferences are all stored publicly in your profile, with those who choose to share them, and may be edited at any time.
With contest winners, we request contact and address information so we may send them prizes. This information is not shared or sold at all.
Cookies are stored to save sessions on the website, keeping your preferences for site viewing intact.
You can remove all of the information we store about you here on EventHubs by requesting to have you account deleted. Please use the form here and choose the technical support option and one of our staff members will follow up with you.
We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Website. This information can include, among other things, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, etc.), the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using (e.g., Vista, Windows XP, Mac OS, etc.), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, NetZero, etc.), the search terms you use on our Website, the specific web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
These companies may or may not use behavioral targeting and/or multi-site advertising to serve advertisements.
We're partnered with Freestar for advertising on EventHubs, you can read their privacy policy here: https://freestar.io/data-policy/
Payments made for a subscription are handled through PayPal. The information stored on our servers from subscription transactions include the date the payment was made, amount paid, username, name, address and email the payment was made in association with, so we can verify account details if issues arrive from a payment, or there is a dispute. PayPal's privacy policy is located here.
We use Google Analytics and Quantcast to track web traffic across EventHubs. We also use Google's RECAPTCHA service to prevent fraudulent accounts from being created, and to help prevent spam attacks. You can find the privacy policies for both companies below.
Google Privacy Policy
Quancast Privacy Policy
Tiers
Gains
Losses
Rain
MK11
3.503
D'Vorah
MK11
0.333
Spawn
MK11
0.333
Frost
MK11
-0.556
RoboCop
MK11
-0.542
Kung Lao
MK11
-0.431
View more tiers »
Follow EventHubs
Search EventHubs