http://www.statfox.com/company/privacy.asp
The Leading Logic In Sports Handicapping
StatFox Privacy Policy
Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. We gather certain types of
information about the users of Statfox.com. This statement outlines what
information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
Questions regarding this statement can be sent to webmaster@statfox.com.
Information gathered and tracked:
Registration and Subscription
Anyone who participates in Statfox.com services (encluding, but not
limited to subscriptions and registrations, message boards, contest entry,
purchases, membership program) may be asked to register for a user ID and
password or to complete subscription registration for a member ID and password.
This information is obtained from a registration form completed by you.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products
and services. The customer's contact information is also used to contact
the visitor when necessary for customer service reasons. Users may opt-out
of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Unique
identifiers, such as ID and passwords, are collected to verify the user's
identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
IP Address
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems and to administer
our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your
hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information
such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited.
But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information
you supply yourself. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number
to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. A cookie can't
read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
We also use cookies to keep track of our subscribers use on our site.
We use cookies to save your member ID. Additionally, after you've entered
your member ID and password during a session on our service, we save that
information so you don't have to re-enter it. You should be aware that
Statfox.com can not control the use of cookies or the resulting information
by third parties. If a user does not want information collected through
the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that
allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should
note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features
available on the website.
Service Orders
Statfox.com uses an order form for customers to purchase services. If
you place an order we will collect information from you, including your
credit card and contact information. This information will be used to
bill you for our services. This information is not made available to third
parties, except those involved in the purchase verification process.
Newsletter
We offer a free newsletter to share content information about our
site with interested users. Users may cancel their free email subscriptions
by following the simple instructions at the bottom of each newsletter
or e-mail.
Use of Information
All of the information, we collect, both what you tell us and what
we collect through the use of cookies, is used only by Statfox.com and
other involved in the purchase process in a way that does not disclose
the personal information of any particular user. Statfox.com will not
disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with
applicable law or valid legal process.
General Privacy Information
Statfox.com contains links to other third party Internet sites and services
who may collect data. They each have separate privacy and data collection
practices. Statfox.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent
policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or
the content of such Web sites.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily and publicly disclose personal
information on any online service or Web site - for example on message boards,
through email, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by
others. Furthermore, while we strive to protect your personal information,
Statfox.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you
transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible for
maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information.
Security
Statfox.com utilizes a variety of security measures to maintain the
safety of your personal information. Passwords and credit card numbers are
encrypted. All sensitive/credit information supplied by users is transmitted
via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
In the event a user wishes to modify their personal information they may do so
by contacting webmaster@statfox.com. They will be required to submit a valid
user ID and password for authentication before they are able to modify their
file. If a user has forgotten his/her password or prefers to speak with a
customer service representative to modify their personal information, they may
contact webmaster@statfox.com. The user will be asked to provide their
name or user ID and other non-sensitive information in order to proceed. Because
password and credit card information has been encrypted, it is completely
invisible to any employee who accesses it, including our customer service team.
If a user wishes to change their password, the customer service representative
will reset to a new one after the member has properly identified him/herself.
Statfox.com.com gives users the following options for removing, changing or
modifying their information from our database to not receive future
communications or to no longer receive our service.
This can be done on change
forms or by contact webmaster@statfox.com.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
Statfox.com or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact webmaster@statfox.com.
StatFox Sports Handicapping | Advertising Information | Site Map | FoxSheets.com | StatFeed.com | StatFox Privacy
Contact StatFox | Sports Handicapping Forum  ©2000+ StatFox.com. All rights reserved. All content on this site is provided for entertainment purposes only.