http://www.ffonline.com/tos/#privacy
You are not logged in. Log In or Sign Up.
Final Fantasy Society
Terms of Service Agreement
Last Modified: 08.04.11
By using this site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to the following terms, rules, and regulations defined herein. If you do not agree with any policy set forth by Final Fantasy Society, you are invited to not view, use, or access this site.
ACCESS AND USE
Final Fantasy Society is an unofficial fan-based community site. All Squaresoft games, the Squaresoft logo, and any other related brands, trademarks, or servicemarks are registered under the company of the same name. This site is not affiliated with Squaresoft in any way, shape, or form.
All materials contained in this site are protected by international copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. This means that you may only view or download material from this site for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.
The reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of e-mail, facsimile or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying or transmission of material from this site is STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless you have obtained the prior written consent of Final Fantasy Society or unless it is expressly permitted by this site. The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio or video material or stills from audiovisual material available on this site. The use of materials from this site on any other Web site or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited. Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on this site can be made by contacting Final Fantasy Society.
You are also strictly prohibited from creating works or materials that derive from or are based on the materials contained in this site including, without limitation, fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper, desktop themes, on-line postcards and greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise. This prohibition applies regardless of whether the derivative materials are sold, bartered, or given away.
Final Fantasy Society is typically willing to share some of its material for publication on other Internet venues if you ask for permission and source Final Fantasy Society with a functioning link back to this site to properly credit our authoring of such material. However, you must contact us and request permission for use of our material and receive an official response from us with such express permission.
DISCUSSION FORUMS
You are welcome to post, transmit or submit messages (which include uploading files, inputting data or any other materials or engaging in any form of communication in connection with this site) (collectively "Messages") to discussion forums or other public areas within, or in connection with, this site (collectively "Forums"). However, Final Fantasy Society accepts no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from such Messages.
Final Fantasy Society does not endorse and has no control over the content of Messages submitted by others to the Forums. Messages submitted on the Forums are not necessarily reviewed by Final Fantasy Society prior to posting and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of Final Fantasy Society. Final Fantasy Society makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content of the Messages in the Forums or the accuracy and reliability of any Messages and other materials in the Forums. Nonetheless, Final Fantasy Society reserves the right to prevent you from submitting Materials to the Forums and to edit, restrict, or remove such Messages for any reason at any time.
Final Fantasy Society assumes no responsibility for actively monitoring the Forums for inappropriate Messages. If at any time Final Fantasy Society chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Forums, Final Fantasy Society nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the content of the Messages, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Messages, and no responsibility for the conduct of the user submitting any Message. In submitting Messages to the Forums, you agree to strictly limit yourself to discussions about the subject matter for which the Forums are intended. You agree that Final Fantasy Society accepts no liability whatsoever if it determines to prevent your Messages from being submitted or if it edits, restricts or removes your Messages. You also agree to permit any other user of this site to access, view, or reproduce the material for that other user's personal use and not to restrict or inhibit the use of the site by any other person.
You agree that you will not post Messages on the Forums that:
constitutes (or encourages conduct that would constitute) a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any local, state, national or international law;
violate the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any other person. By posting Messages on the Forums, you represent to Final Fantasy Society that you are the rightful owner of such material or that you have first obtained permission to submit the material from the rightful owner;
improperly assume or claim the identity, characteristics, or qualifications of another person;
are for purposes of spamming;
contain any virus or other harmful component;
are for commercial purposes or contain advertising or are intended to solicit a person to buy or sell services or to make donations.
You agree that any Message whatsoever submitted by you becomes the property of Final Fantasy Society and may be used, copied, sublicensed, adapted, transmitted, distributed, publicly performed, published, displayed or deleted as Final Fantasy Society sees fit.
You agree to release Final Fantasy Society and any affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, officers, directors and shareholders, from any and all liability and obligations whatsoever in connection with or arising from your use of the Forums. If at any time you are not happy with the Forums or object to any material within the Forums, your sole remedy is to cease using them.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Final Fantasy Society and any affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, from and against all the liabilities, claims, damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees and costs) arising out of your use of this site; your failure to use the site; your breach or alleged breach of this Agreement or your breach or alleged breach of the copyright, trademark, proprietary, or other rights of third parties.
TERMINATION
Final Fantasy Society reserves the right to immediately terminate your use of, or access to, this site at any time if Final Fantasy Society decides at its sole discretion that you have breached this Agreement or any relevant law, rule, or regulation or you have engaged in conduct that Final Fantasy Society considers to be inappropriate or unacceptable.
PRIVACY POLICY
Final Fantasy Society values your privacy. We treat your personal information with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
Final Fantasy Society does not collect any personal information without your knowledge. We don't sell, rent, or give your personal information to unrelated third parties without your prior permission. Likewise, any personal information you willingly provide to Final Fantasy Society, such as information stored in your member profile, is made public at your own discretion. You do not have to fill out a membership profile to enjoy the benefits of a Final Fantasy Society membership account.
Cookies are only required to access membership features of Final Fantasy Society, but do not contain any personal information about you, nor track your activity outside of Final Fantasy Society. Cookies are not required to use any general site feature, such as viewing an article, contacting the staff, or browsing the forums. In retrospect, cookies aren't needed if you wish to simply browse the site, but are required if you wish to become a member.
Each time a visitor comes to Final Fantasy Society, information is collected to help us improve the overall experience of our site. This information allows us to determine which areas of the site are used more frequently than others, how certain features of the site are used, and how users
make the most of the content available. We collect visitor domain names or IP addresss (e.g., whether the user is logged on from comcast.net or yale.edu or 255.255.255.0), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to Final Fantasy Society), and browser/platform types (e.g., a Firefox browser on a Macintosh platform).
Likewise, Final Fantasy Society also counts, tracks, and aggregates visitor activity into our analysis of general traffic flow (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from and how traffic flows within the site). Final Fantasy Society may merge this information into group data, which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with potential advertisers, research firms, and business partners. However, Final Fantasy Society will never disclose your individual identity or personal data. If Final Fantasy Society presents any aggregated information to potential advertisers, research firms, and business partners, no one will be able to identify you or contact you.
Final Fantasy Society never shares, sells, or rents any personal information without your permission, unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based on your request for information.
© Copyright 2013 Final Fantasy Society, All Rights Reserved
Home  |  Articles  |  Games  |  Forums  |  Shop  |  Contact Us  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy