http://www.northernquest.com/inquiries/privacy-policy
Northern Quest is Open!
safety protocols
Privacy Policy
Need a reservation?
You can use this button to book a room or spa appointment at any time
Northern Quest
Gift Cards
Casino
Concerts & More
Camas Club
Hotel
Spa
Dining & Bars
Shopping
Kids & Family
RV Resort
Calendar
Meetings & Celebrations
Golf
Packages & Specials
Topgolf Swing Suite
Privacy Policy
Hotel Policies
Please see below for Northern Quest Resort & Casino’s hotel policies. Please feel free to call 877.871.6772 if you have any questions.
Guests must be 21 years of age or older to reserve or check-in a room.Hotel rooms are 100% non-smoking.Valid identification (drivers license, government photo ID, military photo ID, passport, state issued ID) required upon check-in.Advance payment of the last night room rental, in U.S. dollars, will be charged to your credit or debit card immediately.Northern Quest Resort & Casino requires a valid credit or debit card and matching ID with the cardholder’s name, to hold a hotel reservation and complete the check-in process. The card holder must be present upon check-in or complete and submit a Credit Card Authorization Form in advance of arrival. Upon check-in, your debit or credit card will be authorized for any remaining room & fee charges, plus $50.00 for incidentals per day for the entire stay. The room bill can be settled with cash upon check out.Room reservations must be cancelled 72 hours prior to your day of arrival for a full refund.Room reservations cancelled from 72 hours to 24 hours before arrival will have their advance payment held for a future stay within one year of the original stay date.Room reservations cancelled within 24 hours of day of arrival will forfeit their advance payment.Reservations made within 24 hours of arrival will not qualify for a refund or cancellation.All requests for room type, bedding and location are based upon availability and cannot be guaranteed.Rates are based on single or double occupancy. All rates listed are subject to change without prior notice.Children 6 years of age and under stay free with an adult in the room.Check-in begins at 4:00pm or as your room becomes available. Check-out is before 11:00am.Advance reservations for guest rooms, Masselow’s Steakhouse, and La Rive Spa services are strongly recommended.Our pool, pool area and whirlpools feature adult only and family hours.Online availability may be limited.Please call our Reservation Center at 877.871.6772 for personal service.Northern Quest Resort & Casino shall not be responsible for late, lost, damaged, misdirected, incorrectly addressed, incomplete, illegible, undeliverable or destroyed online reservation requests.Pets are not allowed within the resort, please contact the Concierge Staff for nearby pet accommodations. Service animals are welcome.Return Policy
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, we welcome your exchange within 7 days of the original purchase date. Excludes alcohol or tobacco.
Original receipt is required for all exchanges.Item must be unused and in original condition, including packaging and price tag.All Clearance and Sale items are FINAL SALE.NQRC Website Privacy Policy
Articles
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Personal Information
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) on this website. Below are some ways you may provide information, the types of information you may submit and descriptions of how we may use the information.
Contact Us
If you email us through the "Contact Us" link on this site, we ask you your name, phone number, email address, address, city, state, zip code, and country so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may choose to provide additional information through the comments section as well.
Questionnaires and Surveys
We occasionally may ask website visitors to complete online surveys and opinion polls about activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us serve you better and improve the usefulness of our site. In conducting these surveys, we may ask you for your name and email address. We do not keep any personal information about you in connection with your participation in a northernquest.com survey unless you specifically agree to provide that information.
Non-Personal Information
We collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit this website. Aggregate and non-personal information does not relate to a single identifiable visitor. It tells us how many users visited our site and the pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors. We collect this information either through "cookie" technology or with "web beacons," as explained below.
Cookies
Like many companies, we use browser cookies on this website. Browser cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use browser cookies to tell us, for example, whether you’ve visited us before or if you’re a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Browser cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site.
Web Beacons
Certain pages on our site contain "web beacons" (also known as internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address and the URL of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. We use log files to store the data that is collected through web beacons. Northern Quest Resort & Casino also uses third party web beacons to help manage online advertising. These web beacons are provided by our ad management partner Google Analytics. With both cookies and web beacon technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about Google Analytics, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to www.google-analytics.com.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors, except as described here. We may share information provided by our visitors to www.northernquest.com with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Links To Other Sites
We provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of the sites.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed to persons under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 18 on the site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 18, we will delete the information from our records.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this website. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help keep the personal information you provide on this site secure.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 2/18/2013.
Reservations
Hotel
Spa / Salon
Masselow'sSteakhouse
Northern QuestRV Resort
Call for General Info877.871.6772
iconClose-rev
click me