http://www.vikingmud.org/terms.shtml
Service Agreement, Terms and Conditions
This document constitutes Viking MUD's Terms and Conditions for
service, and the Service Agreement ("Agreement") between you and
Viking MUD.
When you accept this Agreement, you state that you have understood
it, and that you are bound by all the terms and conditions in it.
By submitting your player character name registration, you accept
this Agreement.
By accepting this Agreement, you also accept and
agree to our:
Privacy Policy
(https://vikingmud.org/privacy.shtml - simplified:
https://vikingmud.org/simplified-privacy.shtml)
In-game rules for players
and contributors (https://vikingmud.org/mudrules.shtml)
AUP (Acceptable Use Policy) for players, contributors, and users of other services provided by Viking MUD (https://vikingmud.org/aup.shtml)
Contributor Agreement for contributors, developers, and maintainers of code and content for Viking MUD (https://vikingmud.org/contributor-agreement.shtml)
The Agreement is made effective as of the date of electronic acceptance.
Amendments and Revisions of the Agreement
This Agreement was last revised on 08 August 2018, and replaces all previous
revisions.
You accept that Viking MUD may amend or revise this Agreement and
any policies or agreements at any time.
For material amendments or revisions, Viking MUD shall endeavour
to provide at least one week's advance notice, via
our news page and in-MUD news.
For minor updates, such as fixing typos, presentation, or
clarifications, there will be no advance notice.
By continuing to use our services, you accept the revised
Agreement.
Terms and Conditions
Definitions:
Administration
Persons with administrative privileges in the game, also called Admins or Administrators, who have the in-game "Admin" level.
Contributor, Developer, Maintainer, Creator, Architect, Wizard
Any person contributing, developing, or maintaining code or content to Viking MUD, including but not limited to game content, game mechanics, documentation, web pages, etc.
MUD
"Multi-User Dungeon", the game itself.
Player
Any person playing the game.
Player character, character
An in-game persona representing the person playing the game.
User
Any person using our services.
Fees and payment:
All services provided by Viking MUD are free-of-charge.
Term of service, renewal, and termination:
Services are generally not time limited, there is therefore no
renewal.
You may terminate the Agreement by deleting your player
character(s).
For user accounts that are independent of player
characters, you may also terminate the Agreement and request
account deletion.
We may suspend or terminate accesses and/or
privileges, or terminate the Agreement, if you violate this
Agreement and its linked documents, or any parts thereof.
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP): Services provided
by Viking MUD may not be used for any purposes that Viking MUD, at
its sole discretion, may find unacceptable.
Basically, do not
violate in-game rules, do not spam, do not violate other people's
immaterial or material rights, and do not engage in any form of
crime or otherwise illegal or antisocial behavior.
Our complete AUP is available in a
separate document (https://vikingmud.org/aup.shtml).
In-game rules: By playing Viking MUD or
contributing to Viking MUD, you agree to follow the
MUD's in-game rules for players and
contributors (https://www.vikingmud.org/mudrules.shtml).
You also
agree that the Administration arbitrates these rules, and may
delegate powers and responsibility.
Contributor/Developer agreement, code and content license:
By contributing to Viking MUD any code or content, you grant
Viking MUD license to keep, use, and maintain your contributions
for as long as we exist.
You guarantee that your contributions
are free of restrictions for such use.
You guarantee that as a
contributor, you will respect people's privacy and other rights.
For full details, please see
the Contributor
Agreement.
Confidentiality of account and login
information: Your password is confidential, and the
combination of your player character name/user name ("login
information") is also confidential, and this information is your
responsibility.
Tell us if confidentiality has been breached!
Warranty disclaimer: We make no representations
or warranties of any kind whatsoever, express or implied, in
connection with this Agreement or any of our services.
Use the
service at your own risk.
Limitation of liability: Viking MUD shall not
be liable and disclaims loss for any indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages of any kind.
Force majeure: In the event of Force Majeure,
neither party shall be deemed in default or shall hold the other
party responsible for any failure or delay in the performance of
its obligations under this Agreement.
Should the force majeure
event persist for a period of more than 30 (thirty) days, Viking
MUD may at its option terminate this Agreement.
Entire agreement: This document and the
documents it references are the complete Agreement and terms of
service, superseding previous agreements and documents regarding the
same subjects.
Severability: If any part(s) of this Agreement
is found invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, that only affects the
parts in question, not the entire Agreement.
Disputes: Please contact the Administration to
raise any disputes or questions relating to this Agreement.
You
are not required to do so by law, but we want to solve any issues
amicably.
Governing law: This Agreement's jurisdiction is
the Kingdom of Norway, under the court of Oslo, in accordance with
Norwegian law.
Language: This Agreement is executed in the
English language. Translations may be inaccurate, if in doubt,
please refer to the English version.
Last update: 2018-08-08 08:53 UTC
Updated by: <webmaster <-> vikingmud.org>