https://www.aetolia.com/game-help/
Skip to content
Check out our other great game worlds.
Achaea
Imperian
Lusternia
Starmourn
Help: [Return to Help Index]0.0 Aetolia's Help File IndexIn order to list the contents of a section, type HELP <section number>. When you wish to read a file listed within a section, type HELP <section name> or HELP <section number>. You can search the help system with HELPSEARCH <keyword>.
1)
Introduction
14) Quests
2)
Basic Commands
15) Policies
3)
Communication
16) Aetolian Mythos
4)
Your Character
17) Aetolian Lore
5)
State of your Character
18) Events and Special Activities
6)
Specifics of Aetolia
19) Miscellaneous
7)
Items and Mobiles
20) Geography - Sapience
8)
Classes and Guilds
21) Clans
9)
Skills of Aetolia
22) Crafting
10) City-States
23) Credits, Artifacts, Special Items
11) Deities of Aetolia
12) Leylines, Foci, and Ylem
13) Principles of Battle
30) Albedos
If you are a newbie and haven't done so, read HELP NEWPLAYERS.
Aetolia is copyright 2001-2020, Aetolia LLC.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Scroll To Top
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes