http://www.playhpc.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting the Hollywood Park Casino Company, Inc. (the “Company,” “us,” “we,” and “our”) website.  This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) explains how the Company collects, uses, shares and stores your Personal Information and other data in connection with your use of this website, players club, or otherwise interact with us, and how you can exercise certain rights you have in connection with your privacy and Personal Information.
This Notice applies to visitors, guests, players, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) and visit any independently owned website managed by any entity of the Company where this Notice is posted (the “Site”). This Notice also applies to California consumers who use any of the Company’s facilities or services, engage in transactions with the Company, or interact with the Company over social media, in person, by phone, in writing or otherwise. This Notice is adopted to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other applicable California privacy laws.
Please review the entire policy to learn about what type of information is gathered, how such information is used and what information may be disclosed to third parties.  If you do not agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information as described in this Notice, please do not provide us with any information and cease using this Site and our other services.
This Notice is effective as of January 1, 2020.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our Site’s homepage.  For this reason, we encourage you to review the Privacy Policy and other terms whenever you use the Site or otherwise interact with us.
The Site may contain links to external websites and other online locations, including those embedded in third-party advertisements or sponsor information, that is not controlled by the Company. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third-party locations. You should consult the privacy policies or notices of those third-party services for details about how they handle your personal information.
INTRODUCTION AND CONTACT INFORMATION
We understand you may have questions about how we collect and use the information that you provide to us and the privacy of your Personal Information. To be clear, by Personal Information, we mean data that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies, relates to, describes, references is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, device or household (“Personal Information”).
The Company intends to strictly enforce this Notice. If you believe there has been some violation of this Notice, or if you ever have any privacy-related questions or concerns regarding the Site or our services, please contact us via e-mail, toll-free number or postal mail at the following:
Privacy@hpccinc.com
855-717-5444
The Hollywood Park Casino Company, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Notice Compliance
3883 West Century Blvd.
Inglewood, CA 90303
INFORMATION WE COLLECT, USE AND SHARE
When using the Site or otherwise interacting with us over the last 12 months, the Company may have collected, used and shared the following categories of Personal Information from you in the following ways:
I. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Name, Company name, professional/business information, alias, signature, social security number, driver’s license number, physical and/or postal address, email address, telephone number, and date of birth, gaming information, player reward number
WE MAY COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN YOU
Book an event
Submit comments and/or a request for information
Register, participate or purchase the Company’s products, programming, or services
Open a player bank account, request a credit line or conduct a financial transaction
Contact the Company with questions or comments
Participate in a promotion, contest or survey
Provide it to us in the content of any communications you direct to the Company
WE COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE MAY
Process and respond to your requests for information
Administer bookings, reservations, and other services and/or programming
Process your request for an account or credit
Comply with State and Federal laws regarding financial transactions
Respond to your questions and comments
Communicate with you regarding surveys, contests, sweepstakes, new products, promotions and other updates
Send you marketing and promotional communications about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third-party products and services
Communicate with you regarding additional uses of your Personal Information beyond the scope of this Notice
Analyze customer data
Provide customer service and process transactions you authorize
Verify customer information
TYPES OF ENTITIES THAT MAY RECEIVE THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION
Booking and reservation processors
Event registration vendors
Marketing vendors
Shipping, email and mail providers
Hospitality vendors responsible for pre-arrival amenities and other benefits you request
State and Federal agencies
II. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Player Rewards number, purchase history, and gaming information
WE MAY COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN YOU
Submit a request for information
Register, participate or purchase the Company’s products, programming, or services
WE COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE MAY
Process and respond to your questions, comments, and requests for information
Determine your qualifications for certain offers or services
Administer bookings and reservations
Provide customer service
TYPES OF ENTITIES THAT MAY RECEIVE THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION
None
III.  CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Credit/debit card or other payment/financial information
WE MAY COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN YOU
Engage in any financial transaction with the Company
Order any goods or services we advertise
WE COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE MAY
Administer bookings and reservations
Administer Company services and/or programming
Determine your qualifications for certain offers or services
Process or fulfill orders and transactions which you have authorized
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for such activity
TYPES OF ENTITIES THAT MAY RECEIVE THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION
Credit/debit card processors and other payment processing entities; State and Federal Agencies
IV. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
First-party cookie identifiers set by the Company, which may include your browsing history, search history, and other information on your interaction with the Site, any Company application, or any Company advertisement
WE MAY COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN YOU
Automatically whenever you visit or use the Site
WE COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE MAY
Recognize you on return visits to the Site
Determine which web pages you visited on the Site and the sequence in which you accessed the web pages
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for such activity
Undertake activities to verify, maintain and improve the quality or safety of the Site and Site-related services
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality with the Site
Conduct data analysis and testing
Undertake internal research for technological development and demonstration
Monitor Site usage
TYPES OF ENTITIES THAT MAY RECEIVE THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION
Website designers and hosting providers
V. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Third-party cookie identifiers, internet protocol (IP) addresses, pixels and other online identifiers, browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
WE MAY COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION WHEN YOU
Automatically whenever you visit or use the Site
WE COLLECT THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION SO THAT WE MAY
Determine which web pages you visited on the Site and the sequence in which you accessed the web pages
Provide you with online ads
Count ad views or impressions, verify the positioning and quality of ad impressions
Provide you with information on new products, services, promotions and other updates in which we think you may be interested
TYPES OF ENTITIES THAT MAY RECEIVE THIS PERSONAL INFORMATION
Data analytics providers
Marketing vendors
Targeted advertising networks
OTHER REASONS WE USE THIS INFORMATION
We may also use or disclose any of the above categories of Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following reasons:
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered between you and us, including for billing and collections.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As otherwise described to you at or before the point when we collect your Personal Information.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or another sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred.
Personal Information may also be aggregated with such information from other visitors to the Site such that the information no longer personally identifies you (“User Information”). We may use the User Information for the general purpose of evaluating our market and/or business trends, our customer demographics, interests and behavior, our past and future product or service offerings and/or pricing, or other aspects of our business. We may share such User Information with our business partners, vendors, distributors or other collaborators, for these same purposes. We may also sell or license such User Information to one or more third parties for use in a similar manner.
By providing to us the Personal Information and other data referenced above, you agree that we may use such Personal Information and other data in accordance with the terms of this Notice. We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
DISCLOSURE OR SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose certain portions of your Personal Information to analytics providers, advertising networks, and other service providers or third parties for certain business purposes as identified above, and the Company may receive something of value in exchange for this disclosure. As referenced in the table of Personal Information we collect, use and share, above, the Company may use analytics providers to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. Through this process, analytics providers may use third-party cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site, including your IP address, is then transmitted to the analytics provider. This information is then used to evaluate how people use the Site and to compile statistical reports on Site activity for us.
The disclosure of your cookie identifiers in exchange for certain third-party services may be considered a sale of your Personal Information, and you have the right to opt-out of any such sale of your Personal Information by the Company.
The Company allows IP addresses and other cookie-related data to be collected in an automated manner and managed by our marketing vendors in order to provide you with targeted ads based on what you appear to be interested in as a result of your activity online, both on our Site and elsewhere. You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking here. If you opt-out, you will still see ads but they will not be personalized based on your online activity. Please note that if you disable your cookies or upgrade your browser after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt-out on each browser or device.
You also have the right to request from us a list of affiliates and third parties with whom we shared Personal Information about you for their own direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. Please note, however, we do not share Personal Information with unrelated third parties for their own use. If you have any questions, please contact us at 855.717.5444 or privacy@hpccinc.com.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
This Site and services, other than sections of the Site and services related to the restaurant, are only intended for individuals 21 years of age and older and are not intended for, directed at or marketed to individuals under the age of 21. The remainder of the Company’s Site and services related to the restaurant is intended for individuals 18 years of age and older who are located in the United States. Our Site and services are not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, use by children under 18 years of age. The Company neither intentionally collects nor sells the Personal Information of minors under 18 years of age. If the Company learns that any Personal Information of a minor was collected, the Company will delete or destroy the information immediately.
Any minor, or the parent(s) or legal guardian(s) of such a minor, who wishes to request the removal of the minor’s information should submit their request by using the contact details provided in this Notice. Any removal of content by the Company does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
The consumers (California residents) have specific rights regarding their Personal Information. More specifically, you have the following rights regarding the Company’s collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information:
The right to request, up to 2 times in a 12-month period:
that we identify to you (1) the categories of Personal Information we have collected, disclosed or sold about you in the last 12 months, (2) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, (3) the business purpose for which we use this information, and (4) the categories of third parties with whom we share or have shared your Personal Information in the last 12 months;
that we provide you access to or disclose to you the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you in the last 12 months;
that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions;
The right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties,
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the Company, in terms of the quality and price of the goods and services we offer, because you exercised these rights regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information.
You can submit any of the above requests by Submitting an online request through HERE.
Calling our privacy toll-free line at 855.717.5444.
RESPONDING TO REQUESTS
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days from the date we receive your request), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing, by mail or electronically. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
RESPONDING TO YOUR REQUEST TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will act upon a verifiable consumer request to opt-out within fifteen (15) days of its receipt. We will notify all third parties to whom we have sold Personal Information within 90 days of our receipt of your request that you have exercised your right to opt-out and instruct them not to further sell the information. We will notify you when this has been completed by mail or electronically, at your option.
We may deny a request to opt-out if we have a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to opt-out is fraudulent. If we deny your request to opt-out, we shall inform you of our decision not to comply and provide an explanation as to why we believe the request is fraudulent.
COMPLYING WITH YOUR REQUEST FOR DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Company will do its best to accommodate any request to delete your Personal Information, but we cannot guarantee we can eliminate all Personal Information from the specified uses. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise to perform a contract we entered into with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
If you choose to delete certain portions of your Personal Information, it may affect your ability to use certain parts of the Site or our other services. If the request relates to information that the Company needs to make the Site or our services function properly for you, you may no longer be able to use the Site or our services.
VERIFYING YOUR IDENTITY TO RESPOND TO YOUR REQUEST
We are required to verify the identity of any person or entity that requests the disclosure or deletion of Personal Information. If you have a password-protected account with us, we will use our existing authentication procedures to verify your identity.  The Company will ask you to provide information that matches at least two or three pieces of Personal Information we store about you before responding to your request and you may be required to provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Information you are requesting.
The Company reserves the right to maintain proper business records as required by law, or for otherwise legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your Personal Information.
SECURITY
We take the security of your Personal Information very seriously and are constantly improving our efforts to protect it. The Company has implemented a data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard your Personal Information from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure. No electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you submit to us. Specifically, we take every reasonable measure to ensure that protection, including:
We use commercially reasonable tools and techniques to protect against unauthorized access to our systems.
We restrict access to private information to those who need such access in the course of their duties for us.
However, the safety and security of your information also depend on you. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications or for changes to or losses of data through the Internet. You are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or another form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of websites, applications, or other services. Any access to websites, applications, or other services through your user ID and password will be treated as authorized by you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site or services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Site. To help protect your Personal Information, we may suspend your use of all or part of the websites, applications, or services, without notice, if we suspect or detect any security issues.
This Notice was last updated on January 1, 2020.
Gaming
Promotions
Dining
Lounge
Sign up for exclusive offers
Sign Up Today
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
×
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
*By clicking 'Subscribe', you are confirming you are 21 years of age or older.
×
Please Gamble Responsibly
Do you believe that you, or someone close to you, might have a gambling problem? If so, help is available! Please click the following link to the California Office of Problem Gambling or call 1-800-GAMBLER. Most people who gamble do so socially and for fun and usually don’t risk more than they can afford. These gamblers may “chase” their losses to get even, but not for long. Normal gamblers do not get obsessed about gambling. Medical professionals refer to problem gamblers as “pathological” gamblers, while Gamblers Anonymous calls them “compulsive” gamblers. These gamblers may start out having fun but then they begin to lose control of their urge to gamble, and gambling begins to damage their lives. A compulsive gambler may be consumed for a short or for a long time with gambling, finding money to gamble with, irrational thinking, and continuing the gambling behavior in spite of negative consequences. For more information on problem gambling, please click on the following links: California Office of Problem Gambling or California Council on Problem Gambling or call 1-800-GAMBLER.