http://www.quintogame.com/terms
Toggle navigation
The World's Best Strategic Board and Card Game
Cart &nbsp0
Home
Buy
About Quinto
Play Quinto
What People Say
Our Guarantee
Quinto Party
Contact Us
Search
Privacy StatementOnline Privacy concerns focus on the protection of identifiable information, which an individual or other customer reasonably expects to be kept private. As the term suggests, identifiable information is information which can be associated with a specific individual or entity, including, for example, the customer’s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other information about online activities that are directly linked to them, including information provided by the customer when shopping and/or making purchases over the internet. Disclosures Quinto Game Company will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for or use of a Quinto Game Company, LLC online service including customer names and addresses without the consent of the customer (except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the customer or others) except as provided for below.Quinto Game Company may disclose customer identifiable information in special cases when Quinto Game Company has reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating Quinto Game Company’s User Agreement or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Quinto Game Company rights or property, other Quinto Game Company users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. If you make a purchase from the Quinto Game Company shopping cart, the information obtained from your order may be provided to a distributor only to the extent necessary to fulfill such order. Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. You do not need to provide personal information to Quinto Game Company in order to use our websites.Questions & ComplaintsAny questions or complaints about Quinto Game Company or this privacy policy or statement can be addressed by contacting Quinto at CustomerService@quintogame.com.We reserve the right to change this statement at any time, so please visit this page from time to time to check for changes. For additional information about our website, please see our Terms and Conditions of Use. What information does Quinto Game Company collect?Quinto Game Company may request and/or collect information from you on a voluntary basis when you: (1) register with us; (2) shop our online stores; (3) participate in contests, events, or promotions; (4) send questions or comments via e-mail; (5) submit your resume to us online; and/or (6) complete online surveys. The requested information may include personal information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, and home address. For some activities, we may also ask you to create a password and to provide demographic information such as your age, the gender and birthdates of members in your household, and game ownership and preferences. If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine the demographic information with your personal information. This allows us to tailor the notices we send to you and the content we provide you according to your preferences and interests. •Registration: If you wish to register a Quinto Game Company product, you may be asked to supply personal information such as your full name, e-mail address, and (in the case of product registration) mailing address. We may also ask you to provide demographic information such as your birthdate, gender, the birthdates and genders of family members in your household, the postal code and country in which you live, and information on products you own or of interest to you and where you have or may purchase them. Quinto Game Company uses such information to obtain information on the type of customer purchasing our products or to periodically contact you with product information news, special offers and announcements and to provide other exclusive benefits to those who register their products on our site.   •Online Store:   Visitors purchasing goods and services through our online store will need to be over 18 years of age and provide a valid credit card number and expiration date, in addition to name, mailing address, phone number and e-mail address.   •Promotions:   To participate in some of our promotions, you may be asked to provide an e-mail address. For other Quinto Game Company promotions, we may request your name, phone number, email address and home address in order to send you products or information by regular mail.   •Correspondence Received:   We will only use personal information (such as name, mailing address and e-mail address) contained in your letter, postcard, or e-mail to respond to your specific inquiry or comments. Although we may retain your correspondence for a period of time, we will not use any personal information contained in your correspondence for any purpose other than responding to your specific inquiry or comments.   •Resumes:   Personal information collected from resumes is not subject to this Privacy Policy. However, we can assure you that such information will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings.   •Online Surveys:   In order to improve the user experience at our websites, we may employ online surveys for visitors to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit our site and what we can do to make the site better. Information collected through these surveys is anonymous; we cannot identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through other means.    •Protecting Children:   Quinto Game Company takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our websites are general audience sites. We do not permit children under the age of 18 to purchase products on our websites nor do we permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13.Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the web.     Who is collecting my information and how will it be used?  Quinto Game Company collects the personal information you provide on our sites. We will use the information you submit to our websites to send you advertising or promotional materials, including information about new products, contests, features and enhancements, special offers, and other events of interest. We also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and can better meet your needs.    With whom does Quinto Game Company share my personal information?  From time to time, Quinto Game Company may employ and share its customers' personal information with entities who use it solely to provide support for the internal operations of the Quinto Game Company website (e.g., online product fulfillment, online registration and email services, or technical support). These entities will not use your personal information for any other purpose, and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal information they obtain from us. We may disclose personal information in good faith in the belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.Quinto Game Company does not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose personal information collected from and about its users (including children under 13) to third parties. However, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Quinto Game Company's customer information may be transferred to Quinto Game Company's successor or assign, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.   Cookies  Quinto Game Company uses cookies and clear GIFs to enhance your experience at our websites. These cookies and clear GIFs let us know how many people are coming to individual sites, how frequently, and how they are using the sites, allowing us to make updates to content and improve navigation as appropriate. Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site, how often they visit that site, what content they are most interested in, and how they prefer to shop for our products. For example, a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or "IP" address (an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet), such as your login information, the time and duration of your visits, how you navigated through our content and where you exited a particular site. To save you the time of re-entering your login information every time you come back to our Websites, Quinto Game Company may link information contained in a cookie to your email address. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that we did not originally send in a cookie. Clear GIFs, sometimes called "web bugs," are file objects, usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF (Graphics Interchange Format, one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web), that are placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user behavior. The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page, the URL of the page the GIF is on, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser used, and can tell us a previously set cookie value. This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to Quinto Game Company and we use this information to accurately count visitors across multiple Quinto Game Company sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of sites. Quinto Game Company does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information.    Log Files  Other information passively collected by Quinto Game Company is in the form of logs--files that record website activity and gather statistics about web users' browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously and help Quinto Game Company determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our websites, which pages they've visited, and other similar data. We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser.    Opt-out  If you do not want Quinto Game Company to send you e-mail or regular mail about our products and/or services, you can opt-out at the time of registration or at the time of information collection. If you are receiving e-mails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Quinto Game Company’s e-mailing list, you can do so by using the link included with a Quinto Game Company e-mail or by sending an e-mail to Quinto CustomerService@QuintoGame.com.    Linking to third party sites   To provide relevant information not found on our websites and to facilitate online shopping, Quinto Game Company may provide links from our websites to third party websites.       Safeguarding your personal information  Quinto Game Company will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us.    Review, update and removal of personal information  If you have registered with our site, you may at any time inform us that you want us to remove your information from our database by contacting us at CustomerService@quintogame.com. The option to review and/or update your contact information online will be made available to registered customers in near future developments of our site. If you choose to send us an e-mail, please be sure to include in the e-mail the address you used to register so that we can verify your request.
Site Links
Home
Shop
Reseller Info
Contact Us
Terms
Contact Us
Email:    info@quintogame.comPhone:  (240) 786-5712Not a PayPal customer?  Don't worry.  Sign in as guest.
Copyright © 2020 Quinto Game Company