https://www.denki.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Words
Archive
Contact
Welcome to our privacy policy!
Essentially, we won’t use your email address (or any of your personal details for that matter) to spam you in any way, because we all hate spam too. We won’t give or sell your information to anyone else to spam you either, because that’s a bit… well… dodgy, really. We won’t do it. We just won’t. Ever.
“Do unto others…” and all that, right?
However, our lawyer tells us we need this all translated in to Legalese for some reason, so here we go… just think of this page as the Rosetta Stone of Legalese.
Last Revised: May 31, 2009
1. Introduction
1.1 Denki Limited (“Denki”) takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This policy explains how and for what purposes we use the information collected about you via www.denki.co.uk (referred to below as the “Site”) and our games available via social networks (referred to as “Social Games” below). Please read this privacy policy carefully. By using the Site, our Social Games and any services (hereinafter “the Services”) we offer via the Site or any of our Social Games you are agreeing to be bound by this policy in respect of the information collected about you via this Site, our Social Games and the Services.
1.2 If you have any queries about the policy, please get in touch with us at denki@denki.co.uk and we will do our best to answer your questions.
2. Personal information collected
2.1 We will collect the following personal information from you:
2.1.1 name, a user name, date of birth; and
2.1.2 e-mail address.
2.2 Although it is not compulsory to give us this information, if you do not then we may not be able to provide you with the full range of services the Site and our Social Games have to offer.
2.3 Any Denki employees, or external agencies as aftermentioned will have access to your data.
2.4 If you want to find out what data we keep about you, you can write to us using the link above and we will let you know. We will not charge you for your first request but any subsequent requests may be subject to a nominal fee not exceeding £10 plus VAT.
3. Use of this information
3.1 We will use this personal information in order to:
3.1.1 administer your account with us;
3.1.2 process orders or applications submitted by you;
3.1.3 send you information about our products and services and to send you newsletters if you opt in for such;
3.1.4 verify your identity;
3.1.5 carry out marketing analysis and make general improvements to our Site, Social Games and Services;
3.1.6 to obtain your views or comments on the Services we provide;
3.1.7 contact the winners of our competitions and to help us plan other promotional activity.
4. Sharing this information
4.1 Certain services available on this Site and our Social Games may be offered in conjunction with an external agency.
4.2 In order for those services to be provided we provide some necessary details about you to such external agency. We require any such external agency to comply with this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions and to only use the data we provide in order to assist us.
4.3 We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, but we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
4.4 Other than as set out above, we will not disclose any of your personal information without your permission unless we are required by law to do so (for example, if required to do so by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime).
5. Information automatically collected from your computer
5.1 When you visit the Site our web server automatically records your IP address. This IP is not linked to any of your personal information. We use IP addresses to help us administer the Site and to collect demographic information.
5.2 We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Social Games. For example, we automatically send and receive information to and from your computer which we use to automatically update (new features, bug fixes, etc) our Social Games and associated Services.
5.3 We may also gather other non-personal information (from which we cannot identify you) such as the type of your internet browser which you use to provide you with a more effective service.
6. Cookies, etc.
6.1 When you visit the Site or our Social Games we may store cookies and other techniques (e.g. web bugs, beacons, game save files, etc) (collectively called “cookies”) on your computer. A cookie helps you get the best out of the Site or Social Game and helps us to provide you with a more customised service. We use cookies for the following purposes:
6.1.1 we use cookies so that you do not have to re-enter your details each time you visit the Site or Social Game;
6.1.2 we use cookies to track how the Site or Social Game is used and to improve and update our content;
6.2 You can block or erase cookies from your computer if you want to (your browser’s help screen or manual should tell you how to do this), but certain parts of the Site and our Social Games are reliant on the use of cookies to operate correctly and may not work correctly if you set your browser not to accept cookies.
7. Changes to your details
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, please contact us as set out below.
8. Use of our forums, etc.
The Site or Social Game may from time to time include forums, message boards and/or news groups on which you can post information. Any information that you post in these areas becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal details as part of that information.
9. Security
We have implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use.
10. Linking to third party websites
10.1 We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our Site or Social Games and recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
10.2 In addition, if you linked to this Site or any of our Social Games from a third party site we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommended that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
11. Children
Denki does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Denki’s registration form has a check box to confirm that you are age 13 or older and Denki is entitled to rely on your response if you check that box.
Denki whilst wishing to take every care in relation to children under the age of 13 believes that it is the responsibility of parents to ensure that children who have access to this website or our Social Games are properly and carefully supervised.
12. Disclosure
12.1 Any data we hold about you will not be disclosed except:-
12.1.1 In accordance with this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions; and
12.1.2 Where we are lawfully required to do so.
13. Contact us
If at any time you would like to contact us with your views about our privacy practices, or with any enquiry relating to your personal information, you can do so by sending an e-mail to us at denki@denki.co.uk or write to us at Privacy, Denki Ltd., The Vision Building (Suite 13), 20 Greenmarket, Dundee DD1 4QB, SCOTLAND.