http://www.cartercasino.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Event CalendarCareersDirectionsContact UsReserve a Room
Reserve A Room
SITE
Event CalendarDirectionsContact UsCasinoBingoSlotsTable GamesWin Loss StatementHouse RulesHotelRates & InformationHotel SpecialsMeetings & ConferencesPromotionsBingo PromotionsCasino PromotionsDining PromotionsEvent CalendarDiningThe Flames™The Springs™Dining PromotionsCarter ClubJoin NowLevels & BenefitsHostsMobile App
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy—Your privacy is important to us
Potawatomi Carter Casino Hotel ("PCCH"), a business enterprise owned and operated by the Forest
County Potawatomi Community, has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the cartercasino.com website ("Website"). Please note that when you access any external links from cartercasino.com, they may have different privacy policies specific to those sites. We encourage you to read all applicable privacy policies. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use. By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree, please do not use or access this Website or our services.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE GATHER FROM THOSE WHO VISIT OUR WEBSITE?
When you visit our Website, we collect and store any information you enter on our Website, or that you provide to us in offline contacts we have with you. We also collect information that is collected and stored automatically when you browse our Website. Please note that any video file, audio file, image, photograph or other content posted by you onto the Website becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information. Information is collected from visitors to the Website in the following areas:
REGISTRATION FORMS—If you open a Carter Club account, or register for specific events, contests or newsletters on various areas of the Website, we will generally ask you to provide certain contact information (such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, birthday, phone number), and preferences regarding the event or material for which you desire to register.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND STORED AUTOMATICALLY—When you browse our Website, you and your web browser may also transmit information that we automatically collect. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), the web pages you visit and the time of your visit, and other click-stream data. This information may be combined with other personal information you have provided. This information is automatically provided by your browser, and we use such information to improve the performance of our Website, to determine how best to provide useful information to users, and to make improvements to the Website.
COOKIES INFORMATION—We may also place small data files, called "cookies," in the browser file of your computer's hard drive. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the Website. We use the cookies to record Website statistics. Most browsers automatically accept the cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies. Certain web pages may not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies.
E-MAIL—On several screens of our site, you may also have an opportunity to communicate with us by e-mail. You may also choose to provide your e-mail address to receive communications from us or third parties.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
PCCH values your privacy. Be assured that PCCH does not sell or rent your personal information to third-parties. We use your personal information to communicate with you if and when necessary in connection with your use of our Website, to respond to your questions, or to send you material and information. If you do not want your information used, discontinue all use of the Website. We may collect, track and/or use your information to:
If you submit personally identifiable information to us, then we will use your information to provide you with the features and functionality of the Website.
Any information or video or audio content that you upload or otherwise disclose online, becomes publicly available and can be immediately viewed, collected or otherwise used by others.
Personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product information in which you are most interested.
Register you for an event, contest or sweepstakes, if you request it. If you do not provide certain required information, you may not be permitted to participate in an event, contest or sweepstakes.
Provide you with e-mail messages and other information regarding upcoming events, new services and general information about our products and services.
There are also times when it may be advantageous for PCCH to make certain personal information about you available to companies that PCCH has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for PCCH to provide services to you on our behalf. For example, some areas of the Website may allow you to conduct e-commerce transactions (event registrations, purchases, contests, etc.). In connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction that is furnished by you. This information may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction.
At times we may be required to disclose your personal information to comply with any law, rule, court order, or subpoena, or to enforce our legal rights or the rules of this Website, or to protect our business, property and operations, or in connection with a sale, acquisition, merger or other business combination of our business with a third party. We may also disclose personal information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of importance, disclosure of such information is necessary.
Neither the Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use or the operation of the Website imposes any duty upon PHC to retain any information obtained through the Website. PCCH may discard information it receives at its sole discretion.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
We may create links to other websites that we think may be of interest to you. We do not endorse or review the content of any other websites, and our privacy policy applies only to your use of our Website. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of any websites we link to our Website, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.
SECURITY
Since we are committed to your privacy and security, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us and you do so at your own risk. When you place an order or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems. You should also take precautions to protect your personal data, such as Carter Club member number, when using the Website. Make sure you use a secure web browser.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
PCCH does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally identifiable information on the Website from persons under 18years of age, and no part of our Website is directed to persons under 18. If you are under 18 years of age, then you are prohibited from accessing the Website at any time or in any manner. If PCCH learns that personally identifiable information of persons under 18 years of age has been collected on the Website, then PCCH will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are under the age of 21, we ask that you do not access or attempt to access any portions of the Website that are restricted to persons age 21 or older, including but not limited to, any web pages related to casino gaming, restaurants, theater or sports bar information. Persons over the age of 18 but under the age of 21 are restricted to use of the web pages related to bingo information.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
The Website is hosted in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Website from any other country with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to such transfer.
RESPONSIBLE GAMING
PCCH believes that gaming should always be handled responsibly. Personal information collected from members of the self exclusion program or individuals banned from the Casino will not be used by PCCH for any marketing purposes.
CHANGES IN PCCH'S PRIVACY POLICY
By using our Website, you consent to our collection and the use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy procedures, we will post these changes on our Website. You have the opportunity to review the privacy policy each time you use the Website so that you are aware of any modifications made to these policies.
QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions about our Website and our privacy policy or disclaimer, please feel free to contact PCCH at loyalty@cartercasino.com.
Events Calendar
Google Map Directions
Group SalesConferencesDonation Requests
SITE
1-800-487-9522
618 State Hwy 32
Wabeno, WI 54566
1-800-487-9522
618 State Hwy 32, Wabeno, WI 54566
© 2020
Potawatomi Carter Casino Hotel. All rights Reserved.
FAQsDirectionsContact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Responsible GamblingPrivacy PolicyCookies PolicyTerms & ConditionsSite Map
Back To Top
©
2020
Potawatomi Carter Casino Hotel. All rights Reserved.
Close
By using our website you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookies policy.