http://www.bosch-pt.com/ptlegalpages/de/ptde/en/pro/privacy/
Data Protection Notice1.    Data Protection NoticeBosch Power Tools GmbH (hereinafter “Bosch Power Tools” or “We” or “Us”) welcomes you to our internet pages and mobile applications (together also referred to as “Online Offers”). We thank you for your interest in our company and our products.2.    Bosch Power Tools respects your privacyThe protection of your privacy throughout the course of processing personal data as well as the security of all business data are important concerns to us. We process personal data that was gathered during your visit of our Online Offers confidentially and only in accordance with statutory regulations.Data protection and information security are included in our corporate policy.3.    ControllerBosch Power Tools GmbH is the controller responsible for the processing of your data; exceptions are outlined in this data protection notice.Our contact details are as follows:Robert Bosch Power Tools GmbH, Max-Lang-Straße 40-46, 70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen, GERMANY, kontakt@bosch.de.4.    Collection, processing and us-age of personal data4.1    Processed categories of dataThe following categories of data are processed:•    Communication data (e.g. name, telephone, e-mail, address, IP address)•    Contractual master data (e.g. contractual relationships, contractual or pro-duct interest)•    Client history•    Planning and regulation data•    Transaction data4.2    PrinciplesPersonal data consists of all in-formation related to an identified or identifiable natural person, this includes, e.g. names, ad-dresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contractual master data, contract accounting and payment data, which is an expression of a person's identity.We collect, process and use personal data (including IP ad-dresses) only when there is either a statutory legal basis to do so or if you have given your consent to the processing or use of personal data concerning this matter, e.g. by means of registration.4.3    Processing purposes and legal basisWe as well as the service providers commissioned by us; process your personal data for the following processing purposes:4.3.1    Provision of these Online Offers(Legal basis: Fulfillment of contractual obligations.).4.3.2    Answering user requests within the scope of a contact form(Legal basis: Fulfillment of contractual obligations or legitimate interest in the improvement of products / services).4.3.3    Resolving service disruptions as well as for security reasons.(Legal basis: Fulfillment of our legal obligations within the scope of data security and legitimate interest in resolving service disruptions as well as in the protection of our offers).4.3.4    Safeguarding and defending our rights.(Legal basis: Legitimate interest on our part for safeguarding and defending our rights).4.3.5    Self-promotion and promotion by others as well as market re-search and reach analysis done within the scope statutorily permitted or based on consent(Legal basis: Consent / legitimate interest on our part in direct marketing if in accordance with data protection and competition law).4.3.6    Product or customer surveys performed via email and/or tele-phone subject to your prior ex-press consent.(Legal basis: Consent).4.3.7    Conducting raffles or discount campaigns in accordance with respective terms and conditions for raffles or discount campaigns.(Legal basis: Fulfillment of contractual obligations).4.3.8    Sending an email or SMS/MMS newsletter subject to the recipient’s consent(Legal basis: Consent).4.4    RegistrationIf you wish to use or get access to benefits requiring to enter into the fulfillment of a contract, we request your registration. With your registration we collect personal data necessary for entering into the fulfillment of the contract (e.g. first name, last name, date of birth, email address, if applicable, details on the preferred payment method or on the account holder) as well as further data on voluntary basis, if applicable. Mandatory information is marked with an *.4.5    Log filesEach time you use the internet, your browser is transmitting certain information which we store in so-called log files.We store log files to determine service disruptions and for security reasons (e.g., to investigate attack attempts) for a period of 7 days and delete them afterwards. Log files which need to be maintained for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident is resolved and may, on a case-by-case basis, be passed on to investigating authorities.In log files, the following information is saved:-    IP address (internet protocol address) of the terminal device used to access the Online Offer;-    Internet address of the website from which the Online Offer is accessed (so-called URL of origin or referrer URL);-    Name of the service provider which was used to access the Online Offer;-    Name of the files or in-formation accessed;-    Date and time as well as duration of recalling the data;-    Amount of data transferred;-    Operating system and information on the internet browser used, including add-ons installed (e.g., Flash Player);-    http status code (e.g., “Request successful” or “File requested not found”).4.6    ChildrenThis Online Offer is not meant for children under 16 years of age.4.7    Data transfer to other controllersPrincipally, your personal data is forwarded to other controllers only if required for the fulfillment of a contractual obligation, or if we ourselves, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in the data transfer, or if you have given your consent. Particulars on the legal basis and the recipients or categories of recipients can be found in the Section – Processing purposes and legal basis.Additionally, data may be transferred to other controllers when we are obliged to do so due to statutory regulations or enforce-able administrative or judicial orders.4.7.1    Service providers (general)We involve external service providers with tasks such as programming and data hosting services. We have chosen those service providers carefully and monitor them on a regular basis, especially regarding their diligent handling of and protection of the data that they store. All service providers are obliged to maintain confidentiality and to com-ply with the statutory provisions. Service providers may also be other Bosch group companies.4.8    Transfer to recipients outside the EEAWe might transfer personal data to recipients located outside the EEA into so-called third countries. In such cases, prior to the transfer we ensure that either the data recipient provides an appropriate level of data protection or that you have consented to the transfer.You are entitled to receive an overview of third country recipients and a copy of the specifically agreed-provisions securing an appropriate level of data protection. For this purpose, please use the statements made in the Contact section.4.9    Duration of storage, retention periodsPrincipally, we store your data for as long as it is necessary to render our Online Offers and connected services or for as long as we have a legitimate interest in storing the data (e.g. we might still have a legitimate interest in postal mail marketing after fulfillment of our contractual obligations). In all other cases we delete your personal data with the exception of data we are obliged to store for the fulfillment of legal obligations (e.g. due to retention periods under the tax and commercial codes we are obliged to have documents such as contracts and in-voices available for a certain period of time).5.    Raffles or discount campaignsIn case you participate in one of our raffles or discount campaigns, we use your data to inform you about any prize won and for the purpose of advertising our products to the extent allowed by law or as far as you have consented. Information on raffles or discount campaigns can be found in the respective terms of participation.6.    Usage of CookiesIn the context of our online service, cookies and tracking mechanisms may be used. Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your device when visiting our online service. Tracking is possible using different technologies. In particular, we process information using pixel technology and/or during log file analysis.6.1    CategoriesWe distinguish between cookies that are mandatorily required for the technical functions of the online service and such cookies and tracking mechanisms that are not mandatorily required for the technical function of the online service.It is generally possible to use the online service without any cookies that serve non-technical purposes.6.1.1    Technically required cookiesBy technically required cookies we mean cookies without those the technical provision of the online service cannot be ensured. These include e.g. cookies that store data to ensure smooth reproduction of video or audio footage.Such cookies will be deleted when you leave the website.6.1.2    Cookies and tracking mechanisms that are technically not requiredWe only use cookies and tracking mechanisms if you have given us your prior consent in each case. With the exception of the cookie that saves the current status of your privacy settings (selection cookie). This cookie is set based on legitimate interest.We distinguish between two sub-categories with regard to these cookies and tracking mechanisms:6.2    Comfort cookiesThese cookies facilitate operation and thus allow you to browse our online service more comfortably; e.g. your language settings may be included in these cookies.Marketing cookies and tracking mechanismsGeneralBy using marketing cookies and tracking mechanisms we and our partners are able to show you offerings based on your interests, resulting from an analysis of your user behavior:- Statistics:By using statistical tools, we measure e.g. the number of your page views.- Conversion tracking:Our conversion tracking partners place a cookie on your computer ("conversion cookie") if you accessed our website via an advertisement of the respective partner. Normally these cookies are no longer valid after 30 days. If you visit certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and the relevant conversion partner can recognize that a certain user clicked on the advertisement and thereby was redirected to our website. This can also be done across multiple devices. The information obtained by means of the conversion cookie serves the purpose of compiling conversion statistics and recording the total number of users who clicked on the respective advertisement and were redirected to a website with a con-version tracking tag.- Retargeting:These tools create user profiles by means of advertising cookies or third-party advertising cookies so called "web beacons" (invisible graphics that are also called pixels or tracking pixels), or by means of comparable technologies. These are used for interest-based advertising and to control the frequency with which the user looks at certain advertisements. The relevant provider is the controller responsible for the processing of data in connection with the tool. The providers of the tools might disclose information also to third parties for the purposes mentioned above. Please note the data protection notices of the relevant provider in this context.Please note that using the tools might include transfer of your data to recipients outside of the EEA where there is no adequate level of data protection pursuant to the GDPR (e.g. the USA). For more details in this respect please refer to the following description of the individual marketing tools.6.2.1    MonetateName: MonetateProvider: Monetate Inc., 100 Crosby Street #402, New York, NY 10012, USAFunction: Cookie can track user behaviour across websites, UX testing6.2.2    Google AnalyticsName: Google Analytics Provider: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USAFunction: Analysis of user behavior (page retrievals, number of visitors and visits, downloads), creation of pseudonymous user profiles based on cross-device information of logged-in Google users (cross-device tracking), enrichment of pseudonymous user da-ta with target group-specific information provided by Google, retargeting, UX testing, conversion tracking and retargeting in conjunction with Google Ads6.2.3    TealiumName: Tealium Provider: Tealium Inc., 11095 Torreyana Road San Diego, CA 92121Function: Administration of website tags via a user interface, integration of program codes on our websites6.2.4    Google DoubleclickName: Google DoubleclickProvider: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USAFunction: Placement of advertisements, remarketing, conversion tracking6.2.5    HotjarName: HotjarProvider: Hotjar Ltd.,Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 3155, MaltaFunction: Cookies can track how users browse across multiple pages; creation of heatmaps, session recording, surveys/polls6.3    Management of cookies and tracking mechanismsYou can manage your cookie and tracking mechanism set-tings in the browser and/or our privacy settings.Note: The settings you have made refer only to the browser used in each case.6.3.1    Deactivation of all cookiesIf you wish to deactivate all cookies, please deactivate cookies in your browser settings. Please note that this may affect the functionality of the website.6.3.2    Management of your settings with regard to cookies and tracking mechanisms not required technicallyWhen visiting our websites, you will be asked in a cookie layer whether you consent to our using of any Comfort cookies, marketing cookies or tracking mechanisms, respectively.In our privacy settings, you may withdraw the consent with effect for the future or grant your consent at a later point in time.7.    Newsletter with opt-in; Right of withdrawalWithin the scope of our Online Offers you can sign up for news-letters. We provide the so-called double opt-in option which means that we will only send you a newsletter via email, mobile messenger (such as, e.g. WhatsApp), SMS or push notification after you have explicitly confirmed the activation of the newsletter service to us by clicking on the link in a notification. In case you wish to no longer receive newsletters, you can terminate the subscription at any time by withdrawing your con-sent. You can withdraw your consent to email newsletters by clicking on the link which is sent in the respective newsletter mail, or in the administrative settings of the online offer. Alternatively, please contact us via the contact details provided in the Contact section.8.    External linksOur Online Offers may contain links to internet pages of third parties, in particular providers who are not related to us. Upon clicking on the link, we have no influence on the collecting, processing and use of personal da-ta possibly transmitted by clicking on the link to the third party (such as the IP address or the URL of the site on which the link is located) as the conduct of third parties is naturally beyond our control. We do not assume responsibility for the processing of personal data by third parties.9.    SecurityOur employees and the companies providing services on our behalf, are obliged to confidentiality and to compliance with the applicable data protection laws.We take all necessary technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security and to protect your data that are administrated by us especially from the risks of unintended or unlawful destruction, manipulation, loss, change or unauthorized disclosure or un-authorized access. Our security measures are, pursuant to technological progress, constantly being improved.10.    User rightsTo enforce your rights, please use the details provided in the Contact section. In doing so, please ensure that an unambiguous identification of your person is possible.Right to information and accessYou have the right to obtain confirmation from us about whether or not your personal data is being processed, and, if this is the case, access to your personal data.Right to correction and deletionYou have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data.  As far as statutory requirements are fulfilled, you have the right to obtain the completion or deletion of your data.  This does not apply to data which is necessary for billing or accounting purposes or which is subject to a statutory retention period. If access to such data is not required, however, its processing is restricted (see the following).Restriction of processingAs far as statutory requirements are fulfilled you have the right to demand for restriction of the processing of your data.Data portabilityAs far as statutory requirements are fulfilled you may request to receive data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or – if technically feasible –that we transfer those data to a third party.Withdrawal of consentIn case you consented to the processing of your data, you have the right to revoke this con-sent at any time with effect for the future. The lawfulness of data processing prior to your withdrawal remains unchanged.11.    Right to lodge complaint with supervisory authorityYou have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You can appeal to the supervisory authority which is responsible for your place of residence or your state of residency or to the supervisory authority responsible for us. This is:State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of InformationAddress:Königstrasse 10a70173 Stuttgart, GERMANYPostal address:P.O. Box 10 29 3270025 Stuttgart, GERMANYPhone: +49 (711)/615541-0Fax: +49 (711)/615541-15 Email: poststelle@lfdi.bwl.de12.    Changes to the Data Protection NoticeWe reserve the right to change our security and data protection measures. In such cases, we will amend our data protection notice accordingly. Please, therefore, notice the current version of our data protection notice, as this is subject to changes.If you wish to contact us, please find us at the address stated in the "Controller" section.To assert your rights please use the following link: https://request.privacy-bosch.com/.To notify data protection incidents please use the following link: https://www.bkms-system.net/bosch-datenschutz.For suggestions and complaints regarding the processing of your personal data we recommend that you contact our data protection officer:Data Protection OfficerInformation Security and Privacy (C/ISP)Robert Bosch GmbHP.O. Box 30 02 20 70442 StuttgartGERMANYormailto:DPO@bosch.com. Effective date: 10.07.2020