http://www.endless-online.com/privacy_policy.html
This website uses cookies to bring you the best experiencemore information
Privacy Policy
Home
News
Gallery
Downloads
Support
Links
Staff
Community
Current NewsNews ArchiveVersion History
SketchesScreenshotsMonstersArchive
Game ClientWallpapers
Getting startedFAQ (questions)Technical informationAccount issuesDisclaimer
Featured linksFan pagesVoting links
Staff membersThe developers
Server statusWho is online ?Top 100 playersTop 100 guildsIRC Chat
FAQ
Technical Information
Account Issues
Disclaimer
vote more..
Privacy Policy
This statement is the official published ("Privacy Policy") for endless-online.com ("Site," "we," "us," or "our"), a gaming portal owned and operated by EO Endless Network, Inc. This Privacy Policy governs only the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") collected by the Site. FPS is committed to protecting your privacy online. To further this commitment, we have adopted an Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store, and use the information collected about you online.
EndlessOnline expressly disclaims any warranty for this software. The Software is provided "AS IS". You agree that by accepting this license, you are expressly acknowledging that the use of this software is AT YOUR OWN RISK. Any harm or damage to your system by running this software will also be for your own risk. We do not ensure continuous, uninterrupted, reliable, error-free, secure operation of the Software, the Game or your Account.
Table of contents
- Personal Information
- About Cookies
- IP Tracking
- Sharing Of Information
- Third Parties
- Cookie Policy
- Opt Out Cookies
- Liability
Personal Information
endless-online.com is committed to protecting your privacy online. endless-online.com does not collect or store any personal information on its servers.
About Cookies
Cookies are digital text files that can be created by any remote connection that you make in your browser. A cookie can only store text or (binairy) numbers or a combinations of both. Because cookies are just text files, created and controlled by your browser, it's a harmless system for your computer health. However you need to be aware that websites, mobile apps and advertisers are able to write and read certain 'invisible' information on the background while you think you are just browsing some online or mobile App content. Our website is NOT using performance cookies and is NOT tracking your behaviour. However we are using third-party advertisers that might use cookies - please read the third party section of our privacy policy for more information about our third parties.
IP Tracking
Your IP address is used to track broad demographic information and to track your general visiting paterns (how many pages you view while at one website, downloads, etc) EO (endless online) does not store personal, or individual data on its servers, we respect your privacy and strongly believe that maintaining privacy, as an independant portal, is one of our main objectectives.
Sharing Of Information
There are no scripts or programs running on our server that store your information. We allow our third party advertisers to host scripts on our webpages. Third party advertisers might collect, store and use your information. These scripts are not property of our game portal website and are subject to the privacy policy of the third party. Find the links to the third party privacy policies in the sections below to learn more.
Third Parties
We use third-party advertising (OBA) companies to serve ads when you visit endless-online.com. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Currently EO works with Google Adsense and Cpmstar. The scripts of our third parties are not located on our server:
google.com/policies/privacy/
google.com/policies/technologies/ads
* the external privacy policy of our third parties may change in the future.
Cookie Policy
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Visit nai opt out to protect your privacy. Note that by using the nai opt out service you will create cookies on your machine, created by nai itself.
Opt Out Cookies
It is possible to protect yourself from unwanted cookies by using the opt out service. Please note that the opt out service is creating cookies itself too! Click here to opt out cookies
Liability
It is EO (endless online) policy to respond quickly (under 24 hours) to claims of intellectual property violation. Upon receiving notification in accordance with any related copyright organization or owner, endless-online.com will immediately disable and remove games in question.
Endless Online (c) 2003 - a free online mmorpg , please do not use any parts of the game / website without our permission.
news |
gallery |
downloads |
links |
support |
privacy policy |
disclaimer