https://www.simflight.com/cookie-policy/
Navigate
FORUM
REVIEWS
FS VIDEO CHANNELS
FroogleSim
Luna’s World
JerdooFlightX Video Channel
TheFlightChannel
sF NETWORK
simFlight.com
simFlight Germany
simFlight Portugal
simflight Benelux
simflight España
simflight Italia
simflight France
simflight RUSSIA
simFlight China
simFlight Japan
Copyright / Impressum
Privacy Policy
simMARKET
$$ SALES $$
X-PLANE
PREPAR3D
FSX
FSX SE
FLIGHT SIM WORLD
AEROFLY 2
FS2004
HARDWARE
TRAIN SIM
GIFT VOUCHERS
MORE
SUBMIT YOUR NEWS!
About this cookie policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.simflight.com
Your current state: No consent given. Manage your consent.
What are cookies ?
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
How do we use cookies ?
As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.
The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use ?
Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal information. For example, these cookies allow you to log-in to your account and add products to your basket and checkout securely.
Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.
Marketing: Our website displays advertisements. These cookies are used to personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful to you. These cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad campaigns.
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.
Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media platforms.
Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient experience on future visits to the website.
CookieDescriptionadsATNThe cookie is set by atdmt.com. The cookies stores data about the user behavior on multiple websites. The data is then used to serve relevant advertisements to the users on the website.b30mscbscThe cookies is set by ownerIQ for the purpose of providing relevant advertisementCMIDCMPROCMPSCMSTcookie_testdDSIDTo note specific user identity. Contains hashed/encrypted unique ID.everest_session_v2This cookie is used to display personalized and relevant ads to the users and measure the efficiency of the ad campaign. gglckGPSThis cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical locationiKADUSERCOOKIEKTPCACOOKIEmcThis cookie is associated with Quantserve to track anonymously how a user interact with the website.mdatana_sc_ena_srpna_tcNIDThis cookie is used to a profile based on user's interest and display personalized ads to the users.OAGEOOAIDOAVARS[3775f0a]OAVARS[98b5b0f]PHPSESSIDThis cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.pidHelps users identify the users and lets the users use twitter related features from the webpage they are visiting.pxrcThe purpose of the cookie is to identify a visitor to serve relevant advertisement.rlas3The cookie is set by rlcdn.com. The cookie is used to serve relevant ads to the visitor as well as limit the time the visitor sees an and also measure the effectiveness of the campaign.simSIDtest_cookieThis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the users' browser supports cookies.uuidTo optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites such as what pages have been loaded.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVEThis cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.YSCThis cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.YTC
How can I control the cookie preferences ?
Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Privacy & Cookie Policy” tab on your screen. This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.
In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
Recent Commentsdrdickligger on JustSim – Palma de Mallorca Airport P3D5Wann kommt LEPA - bzw. Palma de Mallorca Airport für den MSFS2020!!!!!????Alex on JustSim – Palma de Mallorca Airport P3D5Palmar de Mallorca is SPAIN, Not near spainBaldwin2002 on Microsoft Flight Simulator : New update and World Update II “USA”can't download msfs2020 via xbox pass for pcskystar on Thrustmaster – TCA Quadrant Airbus Add-onWhy not? On the Thrustmaster Website (Support) you find instructions how to connect devices.Baldwin2002 on Microsoft Flight Simulator : New update and World Update II “USA”UPDATE!! FMS does not work on B787!!
Your PrivacyWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to show you personalised advertising.
To find out more, read our Cookie Policy
I am OK with that My OptionsCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
This is an necessary category.
Advertisement
advertisement
Performance
performance
Analytics
analytics
Functional
functional
Save & Accept