https://www.greentube.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Deutsche Version
The protection of your privacy is a very serious concern to Greentube therefore we want you to be able to visit our web pages without being concerned about security issues. It is generally possible to use our website without the disclosure of personal data. The following Privacy Policy will provide you with an overview of how Greentube guarantees the protection of your privacy, the type of data being collected as well as its main purpose.
Greentube regards privacy (data protection), information security and reliability as the basis for stable and successful customer relations. We would therefore like to take this opportunity to inform you about the Privacy Policy we have in place for the entire Greentube.
Privacy Principles
The protection of your privacy and the security of your personal data is a matter of great importance to us.
All data applications operated by Greentube comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union (abbreviated as GDPR) as well as other area-specific regulations.
Guaranteed Data Protection
In principle, we do not process your personal data without your consent or within the framework of the existing contractual relationship with you and for the agreed purpose. We store your personal data in accordance with the applicable prescribed statutory time periods.
Data Security
The technologies employed by the Greentube to process your personal data (hardware, software, network, infrastructure) comply with state-of-the-art security technologies.
Information to be provided
We hereby inform you about the personal data processed on this website and the claims and rights to data protection, to which you are entitled.
Categories of personal data
Personal data that you enter yourself when filling in the forms for the Newsletter are processed. Greentube processes your personal data exclusively in the context of the purpose for which you voluntarily provided your data in exercising your right to informational self-determination. This consent to the processing your personal data for the stated purposes remains valid until you revoke it, at any time, within the scope of the data protection regulations.
Video surveillance of the office premises located in Vienna
The data controller:
Greentube IES GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstrasse  94 1050 Vienna, Austria
Tel.: +43 1 90 171
E-mail: office@greentube.com
Purposes of the data processing:
Video surveillance with digital image recording for the purpose of self-protection (protection of business and operational secrets, protection of property and protection of the client’s employees) and the protection of accountability (perception of traffic safety obligations) as well as for the purpose of preventing, containing and clarifying criminally relevant behavior, with exclusive evaluation in the case defined by the purpose.
Legal basis of data processing:
Legitimate interest of the data controller.
Legitimate interest being pursued:
Protection of property and business.
Storage period:
Within the limits provided by law (30 days).
Right of access to personal data
You have the right to information about the data processed in the Greentube to your person. Therefore we would like to inform you that we shall process only the data provided by you during the subscription to our Newsletter.
Right to erasure
You have the right to the erasure of your personal data which are processed by Greentube, provided that your request does not conflict with any potential statutory retention periods or other legal obligations.
Right to object
You have the right to object any further processing of your personal data. In this case we will delete your data taking into account any applicable legal retention periods.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to restrict processing of personal data under certain conditions. In this case we will restrict the processing or delete your personal data taking into account any applicable legal retention periods.
Categories of recipients
The provided personal data shall be processed only within Greentube Group companies and located in the European Economic Area (EEA). The e-mail address shall be also processed in the USA by a third party services provider subject to adequate protection measures.
Right to data portability
There is no right to data portability.
Revocation of consent
You have the right to revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. This can be done by unsubscribing from the Newsletter. In this case we will not further process your data.
Complaints to the Austrian Data Protection Authority
You have the right to complain to the Austrian Data Protection Authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR or the Austrian Data Protection Act.
Further Information
Your trust is very important to us. If you have further questions regarding the processing of your personal data by Greentube, please do not hesitate to contact the Data Protection Officer of the Greentube in writing at this e-mail address: dpo@greentube.com or phone: +43 1 90 171
Visitors to our office headquarters in Vienna
For security reasons we shall process the first name, last name and visiting hours of the persons that visit our office headquarters in Vienna. The data are processed with the adequate security measures, as provided in this policy, and deleted as soon as the purpose has been fulfilled.
IP Address
The IP address is transmitted on every server request to let the server know where the response has to be sent. Your Internet Service Provider (ISP) gives you an IP address as soon as you connect to the Internet, and the ISP can retrace which IP address was assigned to which of its customers at any given time. For as long as the IP address is saved, it is theoretically possible to identify the owner of the Internet connection via the ISP. For this reason, we and our statistics providers do not save the IP address permanently but only temporarily for session recognition and for security reasons (for example to ward off hacker attacks). The IP address is then immediately deleted, so that any collected data are made anonymous and it is no longer possible to identify the user, not even via the ISP.
COOKIES
Cookie Settings