http://www.gamingexcellence.com/about/privacy
About GamingExcellence
About Us
Contact Us
Our Team
Past Contributors
Review Guide
RSS Feeds
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
At GamingExcellence, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information
is received and collected by GamingExcellence and how it is used.
Information Collected and Tracked
GamingExcellence gathers two types of information about users.
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These voluntary submissions are used when registering for an account, to receive electronic newsletters, to participate in our
message boards or forums, to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys, and contests. The information provided may be used for trends and demographics analysis, under no circumstances
is personally identifiable information made available to third parties.
Information GamingExcellence gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites, and analyzing trends and log files. This information allows
us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Because GamingExcellence derives its revenue mainly from
sponsorships and advertising, providing such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service free to users. Under no circumstances does GamingExcellence divulge any information about an
individual user to a third party.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
All users must be at least 13 years of age to register for an account.
Usage Tracking
GamingExcellence tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. This usage information may be correlated with information about individual users to determine trends and patterns.
However, personally identifiable information is never disclosed to any third party. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, GamingExcellence makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages,
and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information
that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
GamingExcellence use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors
browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on GamingExcellence. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to GamingExcellence and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following
URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Use of Information
GamingExcellence creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers, sponsors and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to
receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. Although we may correlate the usage patterns of individual users for trend analysis, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user clicked
their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by GamingExcellence. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always
aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Home
Games
Reviews
Previews
Features
Companies