http://www.3dtrains.com/privacy.shtml
Home
Products
Downloads
Help Guides
Support
Home
3DTrains
support
Support
Legal
notices
· Terms of use
· Privacy
policy
· Copyright
· License
agreement
Strategic
partners
· Our commitment to your privacy· The information we collect· How we use your information· Our commitment to your data security· Our commitment to children's privacy· How you can access or correct your information· How to contact us
Our commitment to your privacy
Your privacy is important to 3DTrains. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on these pages and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The information we collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the 3DTrains website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials or make use of our public forums. The types of personal information collected at these pages may be any or all of the following:NameAddressPhone NumberEmail AddressCredit/Debit Card InformationThe credit and payment services we utilize to process your order have their own privacy statements which may be different from those found on 3DTrains. It is therefore recommended that you carefully read the privacy statements located on these other sites to help protect your privacy.
How we use your information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties or collected in a database.You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our commitment to your data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our commitment to children's privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us at 3DTrains. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under the age of 13. No part of our website is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
How you can access or correct your information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by writing us at the address listed at the end of this document. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us via email at , or you may write to us at the address listed below:3DTrains Customer Relations3764 Harrison StreetRiverside, California 92503-4219USAWhen writing, you must include a return a valid mailing address and email address. You must also provide a telephone number where we may contact you (applies to USA residents only).
Terms
Privacy
Copyright
License
Contact