http://www.muckleshootcasino.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Share:
Muckleshoot Indian Casino values your patronage and respects your privacy. We are committed to protecting any personal information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the privacy practices of the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe d/b/a Muckleshoot Indian Casino, including how personal information about you may be obtained, used, and disclosed by us. This Policy also describes how you can opt-out of some uses of personal information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
"Personal Information" is information through which you can be identified. We collect Personal Information that you provide voluntarily to us through a variety of means. Some examples of Personal Information that we collect include your name, date of birth, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, gender, gaming activity, and purchase information. If you visit Muckleshoot Indian Casino, Personal Information may include your image in a live video feed that can be viewed on the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site. Some Personal Information is considered "Confidential Personal Information." Confidential Personal Information is your name in combination with one or more of the following: credit or debit card number, financial account number, driver's license number, state or tribal identification card number, Social Security number, passport number, and naturalization number.
We may obtain Personal Information from carefully selected business partners including entities that direct you to the Muckleshoot Indian Casino ("Partners"). We will handle that information consistent with this Policy. If you choose to provide Personal Information, including Confidential Personal Information, directly to our Partners, we encourage you to consult their privacy policies for more information about their privacy protection practices. Certain transactions and services offered while visiting Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site, and while signing up for promotions, may be processed or provided to third parties under contract with us for fulfillment and other purposes. When your Personal Information is submitted to these third parties for such purposes, we require those third parties to exercise reasonable care to protect your Personal Information and restrict the use of your Personal Information to the purposes for which it was provided.
HOW WE HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell information about our patrons to third parties. We may use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for our own marketing purposes, including notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via postal mail, e-mail, telephone, text message, and other means. We may also use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for non-marketing purposes. Some examples of such use include (1) processing and fulfilling reservations or purchases; (2) conducting statistical or demographic analysis; (3) customizing your experience at the Muckleshoot Indian Casino or Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site; and (4) responding to your inquiries or other communications.
SHARING INFORMATION
Your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information may be shared with resorts or other properties that are owned, operated by or affiliated with the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe (collectively, "Muckleshoot Related Businesses"). We may also share your information with carefully selected business partners for joint promotion activities (“Partners”). If you do not want us to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes with Muckleshoot Related Businesses or Partners, you may opt-out of such uses by notifying us in accordance with the section below entitled OPTING OUT. Although you may request to opt-out of sharing Personal Information for marketing purposes, we may share Personal Information among Muckleshoot Related Businesses for non-marketing purposes. Confidential Personal Information will only be shared among Muckleshoot Related Businesses to the extent necessary to permit validation of your identity, completion of a purchase or credit transaction, recording of gaming-related activity, or other legitimate non-marketing business purposes.
SHARING FOR NON-MARKETING PURPOSES
Although you may request to opt-out of sharing Personal Information for marketing purposes, we may disclose Personal Information, including Confidential Personal Information, to our Partners and other third parties for the following purposes:
(1) if you are barred or self-bar from gaming on the Muckleshoot Reservation;
(2) for non-marketing purposes, such as processing and fulfilling reservations or purchases;
(3) in connection with a business transaction involving a sale, purchase, reorganization, or transfer to a third party of any of the assets of Muckleshoot Indian Casino;
(4) to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other valid legal process consistent with the Muckleshoot Tribe’s jurisdictional considerations;
(5) to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities, consistent with the Muckleshoot Tribe’s jurisdictional considerations;
(6) to protect and defend Muckleshoot Indian Casino, or any Muckleshoot Related Businesses, and all of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute;
(7) to satisfy any contractual obligation to indemnify our contractors, Partners or other third parties in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute;
(8) to enforce the Terms of Use of Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site;
(9) to prevent imminent physical harm or threats to any persons public safety;
(10) to third-party vendors that Muckleshoot Indian Casino may use to perform functions on behalf of Muckleshoot Indian Casino, such as companies that process credit card transactions;
(11) to prevent fraud
When we provide Personal Information to our Partners and other third parties for such purposes, we require those Partners and third parties to exercise reasonable care to protect your Personal Information and restrict the use of your Personal Information to the purposes for which it was provided to them.
MUCKLESHOOT CASINO WEB SITE
In addition to collecting Personal Information you submit on the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site, our servers also collect Non-Personal Information. "Non-Personal Information" is information about you or your activities through which you cannot be personally identified. Such information may include, for example, the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection, your geographic location, and your interactions with the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site including what pages you look at and what information you download. In situations where it is possible to do so, Non-Personal Information may be linked to Personal Information. The Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site may also use cookies to personalize your experience and to gather data such as which web pages you visit and what material you download. A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a web site that is saved on your computer's hard drive. Cookies also are used to put a unique identifier on your computer. This helps us to generate statistics regarding usage of the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site, such as the percentage of repeat visitors. In situations where it is possible to do so, this unique identifier may be linked to Personal Information.
PROTECTING PRIVACY ONLINE
Information collected by Muckleshoot Indian Casino is stored on secure servers. The secure servers are protected by firewalls and other industry standard security measures. However, no security system is impenetrable, and these systems could become accessible in the event of a security breach. As a standard security practice, we will take reasonable steps which are standard in the industry to ensure that the communication methods used to support the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Sites do not permit connection or communication by methods that have known security weaknesses or vulnerabilities. You are responsible for ensuring that the computers, electronic devices and electronic communication methods you use will provide adequate security for communicating with us. We are not responsible for the disclosure or interception of your information before we receive it. If you experience trouble using the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site, we hold no accountability for virus, spam, or stolen information that may result from exploring the MUCKLESHOOT INDIAN CASINO Web Site.
PROHIBITED INFORMATION SUBMISSIONS
Gaming at Muckleshoot Indian Casino is restricted to persons aged 21 and above. We have no intention of collecting any personal information from individuals under 21 years of age. Any offers, promotions, or contests we conduct are not open to persons under 21. If a minor has provided us with personal information such as name, address, telephone number or email address, their parent or guardian should contact us immediately at marketing@muckleshootcasino.com and request that it be deleted from our files. Barred patrons are prohibited from submitting any information to the Muckleshoot Indian Casino. Muckleshoot Indian Casino will not use the Personal Information of patrons who Self-bar or have been barred, as applicable, for any marketing purposes. Any inadvertent release of information will be corrected immediately.
OPTING OUT
If you wish to opt-out of receiving solicitations from us or do not want us to share your Personal Information with Partners for marketing purposes, you can email us at marketing@muckleshootcasino.com , call (800) 804-4944, or write to:
Muckleshoot Indian Casino
Attn: Marketing - Privacy Policy
2402 Auburn Way S
Auburn, WA 98002
Even if you registered your telephone number on a Do-Not-Call list, certain exemptions may allow us to contact you by telephone. However, to ensure our customers' preferences are honored, we also maintain our own internal do-not-call list. If you would like to opt-out of receiving telemarketing sales calls from us by adding your telephone number to our internal do-not-call list, you may do so by using the same opt-out procedures listed above.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY
We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time without notice. When this Policy is revised in a material way, notice will be posted on the Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site along with the revised Policy. If, after reviewing this Policy, you have any privacy questions or concerns, you may contact us at marketing@muckleshootcasino.com.