https://www.wolflair.com/privacy-policy/
Lone Wolf Development, Inc., and LWD Technology, Inc., Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your personal information. This policy applies to transactions made and data gathered on the wolflair.com and the lonewolfdevel.com web sites or any of their subdomains (the “Sites”), and does not apply to any other web site or offline contact between us and you.
Each time you visit our Sites, or provide us with information, you are accepting the practices as described in the policy at that time.
Please review the Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time.
We collect personal and activity data, which may be linked.
We collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, mailing address, phone number or email address. We collect financial information, such as credit card numbers and billing addresses. We also collect demographic information, such as zip or postal codes.
We collect certain non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to: your browser, your computer’s operating system, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, or your activities while visiting our sites.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored on your browser) to identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience.
Our systems may associate this personal information with your activities in the course of providing service to you (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the information you provide for us to help us deliver the services you have requested, to contact you when necessary in connection with those service requests, to send you information regarding your order or requested services, to respond to inquiries you may make, to enable you to communicate with other users via message boards, to provide information about your licenses with us, and to send you our electronic newsletters. Note that you cannot opt out of transactional emails, such as order confirmations.
We use the financial information you give us to charge you for products and services you order from us. By making a purchase or engaging in other activity on our Sites that uses financial information, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and the third parties necessary to process your transactions.
We may share personally identifiable information collected through our Sites with third parties (agents or service providers) that process information on our behalf. For example, we may use such agents or service providers to host our sites, send e-mails on our behalf, and process online transactions. We do not sell your information to any third parties.
We also may use and share non-personally identifiable information we collect through our sites. The use and disclosure of such information is not subject to any restrictions under this policy. Additionally, we may take Personally Identifiable information and de-identify it and share it in a de-identified or aggregated form with third parties and/or business partners in order to analyze site usage, improve our service or service offerings, and improve our user experience, or for similar purposes.
Information we collect may be stored and processed on computers located in the United States or any other country where we do business, and by using our web sites you consent to such transfer of information outside of your country. Please note that the data protection laws of other countries, such as the United States, may not offer a level of privacy protection equivalent to that within the European Economic Area or your home country. Be assured, however, that we will take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information collected at our sites. By using our sites, you expressly consent to such transfer.
You can request to see your personal data.
You can contact us by email at privacy@wolflair.com to request to see this information.
No ad companies collect data through our service.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
You can ask privacy questions or opt-out of marketing.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us at privacy@wolflair.com or at the following address:
Privacy Policy Administrator
Lone Wolf Development
6469 Almaden Expy, Ste 80
PMB 171
San Jose, CA 95120
If you have given us contact information but do not want to receive our monthly newsletter, you can opt-out here. Please allow sufficient time for us to process your request.
We take detailed steps to protect personal information.
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input, and storing your information behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
We also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
Links
We may provide links to other sites, or allow you to submit information to other sites or services through our products. We are not responsible for those other sites, their privacy policies, or how they treat the information of their users. We advise you to review their privacy policies for information on how those sites collect, use, and protect your information.
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on 3/17/2019. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a notice on our website.
Menu