http://www.classic-retro-games.com/privacy-policy
Please wait while loading...
Privacy policy for www.classic-retro-games.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our Privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@classic-retro-games.com.
At www.classic-retro-games.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This Privacy policy document outlines
the types of personal information is received and collected by www.classic-retro-games.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.classic-retro-games.com makes use of log files. The information
inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ),
date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor
movement around the site, and gather demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
Some of our advertising partners use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense and Doubleclick.
Google uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the Dart cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit
to this and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the Dart cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.classic-retro-games.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.classic-retro-games.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.classic-retro-games.com's Privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management can be found here.