http://www.highway.net.au/privacy-policy.html?popup=1&TB_iframe=true
Arcade Machines, Arcade Games, Arcade Parts in Australia
Product Search
Search Terms
Product Type
- Any Product Type -
Arcade Machines
Arcade Game Boards & Kits
Arcade Parts
Merchandise
Category
- Any Category -
Arcade Cabinets
Arcade Joysticks
Arcade Machine Parts
Arcade Stools
Cabinet Stickers
Cables, Plugs and Adapters
Cash Handling
Coin Accessories
Coin Mechs
Coin Meter
Combo Boards
Computers and Accessories
Connectors and Plugs
Converters
Crane Machines
Credit Boards / Coin Interface PCB
Driving / Riding Games
Driving Parts
Fighting Games
Game Rom/ Software Board
Graphic Boards
Gun Shooting Games
Headers
Home Gaming
Jakar Spare Parts
Konami Parts
Locks
Machine Parts
Manuals
Merchandise
Monitors & Chassis
Motherboards
Music Games
Music Machines
Namco Parts
Other
Other Factory Parts
Other PCBs
Pinball Machines
Pinball Spare Parts
Player Instructions
Posters
Power Supplies & Transformers
Push Buttons
Sega Parts
Shooting Games
Shooting Parts
Simulators
Sound Boards
Sport Games
Switches
Ticket Redemption Machines
Unknown PCBs
Video Games
Watches
Wiring Harnesses
Australia Stock
Arcooda
Game Wizard for Android
Xtreme Game Wizard (Blue) Arcade Machine
Arcooda Video Pinball Machine
Game Wizard Venus Arcade Machine
Touch Wizard Desktop (Purple)
Arcade Machines
Arcade Cabinets
Arcade Music Machines
Arcade Shooting Games
Crane Machines
Pinball Machines
Simulators
Ticket Redemption Machines
Touchscreen Machines
Video Games
Game Boards
Combo Game Boards
Driving / Riding Games
Fighting Games
Game Rom/ Software Board
Gun Shooting Games
Motherboards
Music Games
Puzzle Games
Sport Games
Arcade Parts
Arcade Artwork
Arcade Cabinet Parts
Arcade Cash Handling Equipment
Arcade Driving Parts
Arcade Gun Parts
Arcade Joysticks
Arcade Locks
Arcade Manuals
Arcade PCBs
Arcade Switches
Arcooda Spare Parts
Cabinet Stools
Cables, Plugs and Adapters
Coin Accessories
Coin Mechanisms
Coin Meter
Computers and Accessories
Home Gaming
Machine Parts
Monitors and Chassis
Other
Pinball Spare Parts
Power Supplies and Transformers
Push Buttons
Merchandise
Merchandise
Watches
Thunderbirds Pinball For Home
Game Wizard Switch Support
Highway Entertainment Privacy Policy
Introduction
Highway Entertainment is committed to protecting your privacy and we provide this privacy policy statement to assure you of our sincerity in this matter. By visiting Highway Entertainment, you hereby accept this Privacy Policy and accept the practices described herein. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information.
What Personal Information does Highway Entertainment collect??
Information you give us
During the membership registration process we require specific personal information to be provided before membership is successfully completed. This information is as follows:NameEmail AddresssAddreess (Street Address, City, State, Country, Zip/Post Code)Phone NumberThe information is used for two purposes only :Firstly, any personal information collected about you through during membership registration is used primarily for the purpose of processing orders. Information such as name and address are stored for shipping purposes. The information is stored to adequately respond to your requests, to customise future shopping for you, and to communicate with you.Secondly, the personal information that is collected by Highway Entertainment during membership registration is used to help us provide a better service for our members. Personal information, such as geographic location, is used to assist us in offering special offers, providing information about local events, etc.When you become a member on Highway Entertainment, you can use this account across all Highway Group websites. This includes Highway Entertainment - International, Highway Games, Converters, and Car Converters. Please not that if you visit these sites, you are bound by the Terms and Conditions of that particular Website.NO PERSONAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT EXPRESS PERMISSION.
Optional Information
In addition to the personal information that is gathered during the registration, members have the option of providing us with additional information, such as their business interests, and user preferences. This information is used solely to allow us to provide our newsletters and offers to members who wish to receive them.THIS INFORMATION IS, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, PROVIDED TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR EXPRESS PERMISSION.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Like many Web sites, we also use "cookies". Cookies are small data files stored on your hard disk which provide information back to our server. The use of cookies on Highway Entertainment allows our systems to recognise your browser and to provide certain features for you, such as automatic login and remembering a member's preferences.Highway Entertainment also maintains a record of user IP addresses for the purposes of diagnosing problems with our server, and to assist in website administration. We also use it to gather broad demographic information about our users in general and in no manner use an IP address to collect personal information about any individual user.
Credit Card Information
HIGHWAY ENTERTAINMENT DOES NOT STORE MEMBERS CREDIT CARD INFORMATION. Our credit card payments are processed directly between the user and our bank, and as such, we do not have access to credit card information provided by the user throughout this process.
Newsletters and Email
All members of Highway Entertainment have the option of receiving our newsletters and e-mails announcing special offers, recent site updates, current industry news, and so on. This is entirely optional and members are able to change their preferences at any time to stop receiving these. Users are able to become a member on Highway Entertainment and choose not to receive our newsletters and e-mails.The only email that all members will automatically receive is the initial registration email providing a member password. Additionally, members may be contacted by Highway Entertainment if they are in violation of our Terms and Agreements Statement.HIGHWAY ENTERTAINMENT WILL NEVER SEND ANY UNSOLICITED E-MAILS OR PROVIDE YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR EXPRESS PERMISSION.
Control of Your Password
Members are responsible for all actions taken with their User ID and password, including those actions that result in fees being charged to your account. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your password to any third parties. All user passwords are encrypted (using the MD5 encryption algorithm) by Highway Entertainment, which means that passwords are not viewable or accessible by Highway Entertainment staff. Additionally this means that Highway Entertainment staff cannot change a user's password. If the user forgets their password, it is their responsibility to reset their password using the link on the "Login" section of the Highway Entertainment website.
Surveys
Occasionally Highway Entertainment may conduct surveys to assist us in providing you with a better website featuring information and services that members would like to have on our website. Completing surveys is optional and any information collected from our surveys is not provided to any third party whatsoever.
External Links
Highway Entertainment provides links to external sites on many of our pages. Highway Entertainment has no control over such sites and accepts no responsibility for the privacy policy and practices of any site other than Highway Entertainment.
Amendment
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy will be reviewed and, if appropriate, updated from time to time so that it accurately reflects the regulatory environment and our own data collection and disclosures practices.
Arcade Machines
PCB's & Kits
Arcade Parts
News
Specials
Latest Offers
Bulk Offers
Wanted Items
Movies
RSS Feeds
My Account
Sign In
Register
My Orders
Update Preferences
Newsletter
Store Policies
Return Policy
Warranties
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
FAQs
Products
Placing an Order
Making a Payment
Shipping and Delivery
Packing and Handling Fees
About Us
About Our Company
Why Choose Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Feedback
Copyright © 1999-2020, Highway Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Highway Entertainment User Agreement and Privacy Policy.