http://www.conquerclub.com/public.php?mode=privacy
Loading...
Da Club Is In Da House
THE GAME
MAPS
SCOREBOARD
TOURNAMENTS
CLANS
COMMUNITY
FORUM
HELP
RULES
GAME
SCORE
TOURNEY
CLAN
CLUB
Privacy Policy
Last modified on May 22, 2018.
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this website. Please read this privacy policy before using the website or submitting any personal information.
By using this website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the modification date above. Privacy policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit this website to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you follow links to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those websites.
Collection of Information
Email Address
We require a verified email address to sign up for our service. Aside from allowing us to communicate with users, this is important in helping us verify users are not violating our No Multiple Accounts rule that is in place for the benefit of all members.
By default all registered members are added to our newsletter mailing list and will receive turn notifications by email. These email settings may be changed by the member at any time.
IP Address
Your IP Address can be logged
by our system as part of our monitoring programs to enforce the No Multiple Accounts rule and mitigate other forms of cheating or abuse of the game.
Country
The site software calculates the country of origin of your requests, based on your IP Adress, in order to populate our Scoreboard.
Web Logs
Standard web logs of site traffic, that may include data such as url, IP address, browser and operating system, are maintained as a matter of course for the purposes of ensuring proper site operation. These logs are regularly purged.
Financial Data
E-Commerce transactions for purchases made in our Store [log-in required] are handled by third party financial transaction processors. The information shared with these parties is limited to what is necessay for conducting the transaction, and ensuring it is properly connected to users in our system. This site does not collect or store any financial data from its users.
Other Personal Data
Beyond that mentioned above, the site has no policy or requirement for collecting personally identifiable information such as names, postal addresses, etc. Our forum software does allow users to optionally provide this information if they wish to.
Our forum has a strict policy against allowing users to expose personal information of other users without their permission. This policy is moderated and violations of the policy are punished with forum and/or site bans.
If you have made personally identifiable information public on this website (for example, in a forum post, game chat comment, or in your username) and you wish to have it removed please contact us.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to facilitate smooth usage of our services. Cookies only store basic information about your site usage, are not shared with anyone, and not used for any purpose other than improving user experience.
Distribution of Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating this website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and not use it for marketing purposes. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
All sensitive payment information (credit card number, expiry date, validation code) is handled by highly trusted, verified, third parties, and encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This payment information is not sent to, collected or stored on our servers.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us.
We Take Privacy Seriously
We pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the the following important privacy laws and initiatives:
Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practice Principles
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing (CAN-SPAM) Act
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Login
Store |
Terms Of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Rules |
Contact |
Reset Panels
Conquer Club is not associated with RISK online in any way. Copyright © 2006-2020 by Big Wham LLC