https://www.chaptercheats.com/includes/privacy.php
Privacy Policy3DSAndroidDSiPhone - iPadPCPS4PS5PS VitaSwitchXbox OneXbox Series XAll PlatformsMENU
Privacy Policy
Agreement:By using our website, you state that you understand the following policies and agree to abide by all rules stated. You also understand policies regarding your own personal details.
Log Files:
Like many other Web sites, www.chaptercheats.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Non-personalized ads (EEA Adsense Only):
Or Ads from Google (Adsense) will show all users in the EEA only non-personalized ads. Non-personalized ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of a user. Although these ads don't use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. Click here for more information...
Cookies (Non-EEA):Our Site allows third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements within the Website. These third-party servers or networks use technology to send advertisements, directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see. Your visit means you agree with our website using cookies.
Chaptercheats.com:Does not sell, rent, lease or allow any third parties to view or use the information collected unless the reader consents through the use of the site, or in any other way. Chaptercheats.com site does not send unsolicited emails.
Chaptercheats.com:Takes reasonable measures to keep the information disclosed secure. However, Chaptercheats.com assumes no responsibility for any breach of security to this data.
External Links:This site may contains links to other sites. Chaptercheats.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, or their content.
Copyright:The website design is our property - therefore graphics can not be taken from here and reproduced in any way whatsoever without written permission from one of our administrators.Email: admin[at]chaptercheats[dot]com
Note:This privacy policy is subject to change at any time, without any given notice.© 1999-2020,www.chaptercheats.com
New Released GamesSplashy Cube, (NS)Persian Nights 2: The Moonlight Veil, (NS)Gurney To Gurney, (PC)My Hidden Things, (XONE)TheDawn, (PC)Drugs And Crime Idle, (PC)Ivibrate Ultimate Edition, (PC)Bad Apples, (PC)Killer Chambers, (XONE)Popular GamesDanganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc, (VITA)Grand Theft Auto Online, (PS4)Pokemon HeartGold Version, (DS)Spirit Hunter: NG, (VITA)Sort It 3D, (iOS)Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius, (AND)Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, (PC)Final Fantasy Record Keeper, (iOS)Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Explorers Of Sky, (DS)Spiral Roll, (iOS)Advertisements