http://www.videopoker.com/privacy/ccpa/
Play
Play Video Poker
Play Keno
Play Contests
Play in the Game Lab
Find Games in Casinos
Player Challenges
My Player Page
My Players Club
Player Directory
Mobile Apps
View Top Scores
Learn
Intro to Video Poker
Current Newsletter
Video Poker Forum
Pro Training
Gold Training
Game Tips
Pay Tables
Superstitions
Do's and Don'ts
Statistics
Dancer's Answers
Training Software
Books and Resources
Test Your Skills
Shop
Upgrade Membership
Membership Gifts
Training Software
Mobile Apps
Computers and Tablets
Books
Help
About VideoPoker.com FAQ & Support
Minimum Requirements
Subscribe to Email
Find Games in Casinos
Testimonials
Contact Us
Responsible Gambling
Pro
About Pro Training
View Features
Ask the Experts
Try/Buy Now
Join
XExit Full Screen
LOG IN
California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice
Last modified: July 6, 2020.
VIDEOPOKER.COM is a non-gambling Web site devoted to
the game of video poker and is owned and operated by Action Gaming, Inc. Action
Gaming, Inc. produces apps for mobile devices, tablets and other mediums. This CCPA
Privacy Notice applies to the VideoPoker.com Web site, services and apps,
including apps produced by Action Gaming, Inc., as well as all VideoKeno.com
services and apps (collectively, “VideoPoker.com”). “Users” are persons who
visit and/or interact with VideoPoker.com online. “Members” are persons who
affirmatively register for an account with VideoPoker.com.
This CCPA Privacy Notice and the rights afforded under the
CCPA apply only to residents of the State of California. We adopt this Notice
to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). Any terms
defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Personal information
Personal information means information that identifies,
relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could
reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly with a particular consumer or
household. Personal information does not include publicly available information
or information that is aggregated or deidentified.
Personal information
collected
VideoPoker.com does not collect personal information about
non-members, such as users that merely visit and view VideoPoker.com, unless a
non-member affirmatively provides personal information to VideoPoker.com.
VideoPoker.com collects personal information described below about members.
If you have registered for a VideoPoker.com account, we may
have collected the following categories of personal information from you within
the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers such as email address, name, profile
information, user ID, postal address, IP address;
Characteristics of protected classifications
under California or federal law;
Internet or other electronic network activity
information, including browser history, search history and information
regarding your interaction with our website, application or advertisements;
Commercial information, including records of
products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, including purchasing
or consuming histories or tendencies; and
Geolocation data, such as IP address.
VideoPoker.com obtains the categories of personal
information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you—for example, from forms you complete
when joining the site or from products and services you purchase;
Indirectly from you—for example, from observing
your actions on our Website; and
From third-party business partners, such as
social media sites, ad networks, and analytics providers.
Use of personal
information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect
for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the
information. For example, if you provide your personal information to join
VideoPoker.com, we will use that information to create your member account.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop
our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your
account with us.
To process your requests, purchases,
transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to
your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor
and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to
deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests,
including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via
email.
For testing, research, analysis, and product
development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and
services.
As described to you when collecting your
personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
VideoPoker.com will not collect additional categories of
personal information or use the personal information we collected for
materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you
notice.
Sharing personal
information
VideoPoker.com does not share personal information with
third parties.
Your rights and
choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with
specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes
your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Request to know
You have the right to request that VideoPoker.com disclose
certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal
information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your
verifiable consumer request (see Exercising
Access, Deletion, and Opt-out Rights below), we will disclose to you:
(1) Specific pieces of personal information that
we have collected;
(2) Categories of personal information we have
collected;
(3) Categories of sources from which the
personal information is collected;
(4) Categories of personal information that we sold
or disclosed for a business purpose;
(5) Categories of third parties to whom the
personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
(6) The business or commercial purpose for
collecting or selling personal information.
Request to delete
You have the right to request that VideoPoker.com delete any
of your personal information that we have collected from you and retained,
subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable
consumer request (see Exercising Request
to Know, Request to Delete and Request to Opt-out Rights below), we will
delete your personal information, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the
information is necessary for us to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected
the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take
actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against
malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; or to prosecute those
responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing
intended functionality.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably
aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that
information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to opt-out
You have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal
information.
Exercising access,
deletion, and third party opt-out rights
Right to Know
To exercise the Right to Know, log into your account and
visit our Personal Information Request link below.
https://www.videopoker.com/my_account/request/.  You can also make a request at privacy@videopoker.com.
Right to Delete
To make a Request to Delete, log in to your account and
visit your Account Status page here:
https://www.videopoker.com/my_account/status/ or contact us privacy@videopoker.com.
Right to Opt-Out
Under the CCPA, the terms “sell,”
“selling,” or “sale” mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing,
disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating
orally, in writing, or by electronic
or other means, a California consumer’s personal information to another
business or third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. A business does not sell personal information when:
The customer uses or directs the
business to intentionally disclose his or her personal information or uses the
business to intentionally interact with a third party, as long as the third
party does not also sell the personal information; or
The business uses or shares with
a service provider personal information of a customer that is necessary to
perform a business purpose, as long as (i) the business has provided
appropriate notice that personal information is being used or shared and (ii)
the service provider does not further collect, sell, or use the personal
information of the customer except as necessary to perform the business
purpose.
Based on our understanding of the CCPA, VideoPoker.com has not
sold personal information about California residents, including minors under 16
years of age, within the preceding 12 months.
VideoPoker.com uses the cookies
identified and described in our Cookie Policy. Although we do not believe these cookies
disclose personal information to any third party, VideoPoker.com voluntarily
features a “Do Not Sell My Personal Info” link on its website and subscribes to the IAB
CCPA Compliance Framework. If you submit a “Do Not Sell My Personal Info”
request it will be automatically processed through the IAB CCPA Compliance
Framework. For more information, please visit https://www.iab.com/guidelines/ccpa-framework/.
Non-discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of
your CCPA rights, however, certain personal information is necessary for the
Website to function for you. If you do choose to delete certain personal
information (for example, your email address), you won’t be able to maintain
member status.
Questions?
If you have any questions regarding the CCPA, you can email
us at privacy@videopoker.com.
Play
Play authentic video poker just like the casino
Play video-poker
Play keno
VideoKeno.com
Play contests
Find in casinos
Player challenges
My Player Page
Players Club
Player directory
Mobile apps
View top scores
Video poker for Android
Video poker for iPhone / iPad
Learn
Make the most of your casino experience
Intro to video poker
Current newsletter
Video Poker Forum
Pro Training
Gold Training
Game tips
Pay tables
Superstitions
Do's and don'ts
Statistics
Dancer's Answers
Training software
Books and resources
Test your skills
Shop
Browse and purchase video poker related items
Upgrade membership
Membership gifts
Training software
Mobile apps
Computers and tablets
Books
Help
Discover new features,
get technical support
About VideoPoker.com
Account settings
FAQ & support
Minimum requirements
Subscribe to email
Testimonials
Contact us
©
2020
Action Gaming, Inc. - All Rights Reserved. v1.1d
Privacy Policy CCPA Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Info Cookie Policy Terms Advertise Affiliates Responsible Gambling
This site uses cookies for personalized content and analytics. By continuing to use this site, you agree to this use.
Close
Member Login
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Create new account
Cancel