http://www.mousebreaker.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Mousebreaker.com
Cookie Policy
This cookie policy applies to users, in addition to our privacy policy that includes how we collect and share data, which can be found here.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone, or other device when you visit a website. The cookies send information back to the website each time you return and are stored on your device for different periods of time depending on what they are used for.
We use cookies for purposes such as improving the functionality of our websites, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, making ads you see more relevant, and generally improving the user experience.
It helps us remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other important settings. We use cookies that are sent directly to your device by us along with third party cookies, which are sent by a third party on our behalf.
You can learn more about cookies and their functions by visiting the following links:
All About Cookies
Microsoft Cookies
Your Online Choices
COOKIES WE USE
We use several categories of cookies, and each category performs different functions on our websites. Review the information below to see how cookies are categorized. We use cookies to enhance and personalize your experience on our websites for the following purposes:
to operate and improve services and features;
to help recognize you when you visit one of our websites and verify your login information;
to remember your preferences;
to analyze the effectiveness of our offerings, advertisements, and email communications;
and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you.
If you do not want us to store any cookies on your computer, you can prevent this by changing your browser settings to “do not accept cookies.” Your browser manufacturer will provide you with more details on how this works. However, in that event, you will not be able to use these websites, including their full functionalities, as intended.
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
These cookies are essential in order to allow you to navigate through the website and use its essential features. For example, we use game progress cookies that enable us to keep track of your game progress and/or other cookies to authenticate your login information.
FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
Functionality cookies record information about choices you have made and allow us to tailor the website to your preferences. We use functionality cookies to remember choices you make like your language preference, your country location, or other online settings. They also provide personalized or enhanced features that you select, so that the next time you visit, you won’t have to enter all this information again. For example, we can read your browser settings so that our website will be displayed properly on your screen. If you delete functionality cookies, any preferences or settings you selected will not be retained for later visits.
STATISTICS/ PERFORMANCE COOKIES
We use these cookies to gather information about how you use our websites. These statistics provide us, for example, with insights into how often our webpages are visited, where on our website you spend the most time, and how often you interact with a page or part of a page. We can also keep track of whether you experience any errors while using our websites. This allows us to make our website as user-friendly as possible.
ADVERTISING COOKIES
Advertising cookies may be placed on your device by advertisers, ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics, and/or other trusted advertising partners.
Targeted advertising cookies collect information about your online browsing activity in order to provide you with relevant advertisements on our websites and online services. Ad networks may share this information with the advertisers using their network.
Advertising cookies may also be used for statistical analysis by the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once. You can read more about how third parties use cookies by checking their privacy policies.
If you only want to limit third party advertising cookies, you can turn these cookies off. You can do this by managing your privacy settings in our cookie bar.
You can find out more about disabling advertising cookies by visiting the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative
US Digital Advertising Alliance
Canada Digital Advertising Alliance
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
SOCIAL MEDIA
We use these cookies to offer you the possibility to share the content of our websites via social media. You can share certain games and videos from our websites via social media with your friends. To enable this functionality, we use social media cookies provided by various social media platforms, such as Facebook.
OTHER/UNFORESEEN COOKIES
Considering the way the Internet and websites work, we do not always have insights regarding the cookies that are being placed by third parties on our websites. Therefore, should you come across any cookies on this particular website that we have not listed above, please contact us at legal@spilgames.com.
TYPES OF COOKIES
We use different types of cookies for various purposes on our websites as explained below.
Session cookies
A session cookie is temporarily stored in your computer’s memory while you are surfing on a site to, for example, keep track of which language you have chosen. Session cookies are not stored on your computer for a long period of time, and they always disappear when you shut down your web browser.
Persistent or tracker cookies
This kind of cookie is saved for a certain period of time depending on its use, and it has an expiration date. Persistent cookies help websites remember your information and settings when you visit them in the future. This results in faster and more convenient access since, for example, you don't have to log in again.
When the expiration date has passed, the cookie is automatically deleted when you return to the website that created it.
First party cookies
These are set by the website itself and can only be read by that site. These cookies are commonly used to store information, such as your preferences, for use when you revisit the site.
Third party cookies
These are set by different domains from the one shown on the browser address bar and come from an organization other than the website's owner.
Third party advertising and analytics cookies are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site. These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site. We do not access third party cookies and third party organizations do not access our cookies. Our partners that place third party cookies have their own privacy policies that apply to these cookies.
Flash cookies
A Flash cookie, also known as a local shared object, is a text file that is sent by a web server to a client when the browser requests content supported by Adobe Flash, a popular browser plugin. Flash cookies are commonly used in website advertisements and videos.
We may use Flash cookies to store your preferences or display content based on what you view on our site in order to personalize your visit. Our advertisers and third-party service providers may also use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data and how it's stored.
DISABLING/ENABLING COOKIES VIA YOUR BROWSER
There are a number of ways for you to manage cookies and other tracking technologies. Through your browser settings, you can accept or decline cookies, or set your browser to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. You should be aware that you will not be able to use all of our interactive features if you set your browser to disable cookies entirely.
You can delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. Browsers often provide different procedures to manage your settings. Click on any of the browser links below for instructions:
Microsoft Windows Explorer
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Most mobile devices also allow you to change your cookie settings. You can find more information about managing your device cookie settings here:
Cookie settings in Android
Cookie settings in iOS
DISABLING FLASH COOKIES
If you would like more information about how to delete Flash cookies, you can find it here. Please note that you will not be able to use all of our features if you disable Flash cookies.
FINAL REMARKS
We will update this cookie policy from time to time, which may be due to changes to either our websites or regulations regarding cookies. We recommend that you occasionally check this page to look for updates to the policy. The policy states the date it was last updated.
Should you still have questions and/or remarks, please contact us via legal@spilgames.com.