http://www.masque.com/privacy_policy
0
Sign In
Help
Home
Game Categories
Casual Games
Card & Casino
Adventure
Strategy
Action
Hidden Object
Arcade & Puzzle
Match 3
Simulation / Management
New Releases
PC Games
Mac Games
Online Games
Hot Offers
My Account
Sign In
Email or User Name:
Remember me on this computer
Password:
Forgot your password?
or Sign In using a Social Network Account:
Join Now, It's FREE!
Buy now as a guest
Create My FREE Account
or Sign Up using a Social Network Account
Email:
User Name:
Password:
Password retype:
Already have an account?
Sign In
1IGT Slots: Sumatran Storm
2IGT Slots: Game of the Gods
3IGT Slots: Candy Bars
4IGT Slots: Miss Red
5IGT Slots: Lil' Lady
6IGT Slots: Lucky Larry's Lobstermania
72,013 Card, Mahjongg & Solitaire Games
8Slots WMS Double Pack
9Letters From Nowhere
10IGT Slots: Day of the Dead
The Best IGT slots!
Fun Casual Games!
All sorts of Puzzles!
Exciting Adventures!
Gripping Mysteries!
Tech Support
Contact Us
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Introduction
Masque Publishing, Inc. ("We" or "Us")
develops, publishes, and licenses games and gaming equipment for computers,
mobile devices, and casinos. This policy applies any time you use Our Products
and Services, such as our PC/Mac programs, mobile applications, gaming
equipment, and web sites.
If you do not consent to this policy, do not use or provide
any information to Our Products and Services. If you also want your existing
personal information removed, contact privacy@masque.com.
Information We Collect
As you use Our Products and Services, we may record logs
that collect non-personal information about your browser, computer, network
address, or mobile device. If you are signed in, we may also record logs that
collect and track personal information about your account activity. These logs
are retained for less than a week and are used to maintain the reliability of
our systems and identify issues that could occur with your account, such as
missing credits.
When signing into Our Products and Services, we may ask you
to share your name, email address, and password with us. If you sign in using a
social network, such as Facebook or Microsoft Account, we may also collect your
social network ID and store a token representing your social network account.
This personal information is used to uniquely identify you and secure your
access to Our Products and Services.
We may also collect your public name and profile picture
link from you or your social network public profile. If you or your social
network account provides this personal information, we may display it to you to
help you identify your account, and to others using Our Products and Services
when you use social features like multiplayer games, chat, and high scores
lists.
If you make a purchase from us, we may collect an invoice of
your purchase, including the purchaser and product details. If the product
requires shipping, the invoice will also include the shipping details, and will
be provided to the shipping agency chosen to deliver your product.
If you request and enable mobile or web site notifications,
we may store a token to send them. If you request email notifications, we may
use the email address you or your social network provided to deliver them.
If you opt-in to receive marketing email from us, we may
share your opt-in email address with third-party bulk email providers to
deliver the email. You may unsubscribe using the link provided in the marketing
email.
If you contact us directly via email, telephone, text
messaging, social network, or similar communication services, we may track your
request in Customer Relationship Management Systems to assist you with your
inquiry, including relevant personal information from Our Products and Services
and additional personal information provided by you on a voluntary basis.
Security of Collected Information
We limit the personal information we collect in accordance
with this policy and take appropriate measures to protect the personal
information we collect from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or
disclosure. For example, we do not collect or store your financial information,
such as credit card number and billing address. Instead, Our Products and
Services automatically direct you to approved payment processors that are
certified to manage your financial data securely, such as Google Play, App
Store, Amazon, Authorize.net, and PayPal.
We urge you to take appropriate steps to secure access to
your account on Our Products and Services, such as signing out of Our Products
and Services after use, not sharing your passwords, and protecting your social
network accounts from unauthorized access. Since email, telephone, text
messaging, social network, or similar communication services may be insecure,
we discourage you from providing personal information to anyone in this manner.
No product or service can be guaranteed to be completely
secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss,
or other data breaches will never occur and that third parties will never be
able to overcome those measures or use information we collected for improper
purposes. For that reason and to protect the integrity of your account on Our
Products and Services, we may backup, encrypt, and archive your personal
information for a period up to 6 months. Access to the decryption keys is only
allowed by approval of our Data Protection Officer.
If we believe that a data breach of your personal
information has occurred, or we recover your personal information from an
encrypted archival backup, we will use your email address to notify you.
Sharing Information
Information that we collect in our Customer Relationship
Management Systems, which are independent of Our Products and Services, may be
disclosed to third parties to assist us in providing products and/or services
to you, such as those involved with: credit card processing, sending postal
mail, analyzing data, and marketing. Such third parties may have access to your
information, but only as necessary to perform their functions.
Except as described in this policy and required by
applicable law, we do not share personal information with third-parties.
Third-Party Links and Content
When you choose to make a purchase using Our Products and
Services, you are also agreeing to the policies of our payment processor.
When you receive opt-in marketing email, you agree to the
policies of the email provider we used to deliver the message. If you do not
agree to their policies, you should unsubscribe using the link provided in the
marketing email.
Our Products and Services may display links to third-party
web sites and content from third-party advertisers. These have their own
independent privacy policies, and we have no responsibility or liability for
their content.
Our Products and Services may display content shared by you
and other account holders or provided by social networks, such as player names,
profile pictures, and chat messages. You should be aware that any content you
share may be viewed, collected, or copied by others using Our Products and
Services. While sharing of content by our account holders is an intended social
activity, such content should not be considered part of Our Products and
Services and we reserve the right to remove it without notice. If you have any
concerns, please contact abuse@masque.com.
Cookies Policy
Our Products and Services, like many others, use small files
called cookies to help us customize your experience. A cookie is a small data
file that is transferred to your computer or your mobile device by Our Products
and Services, to store basic settings such as preferences. When you use Our
Products and Services, these cookies may be transmitted back to us.
We use anonymous cookies to help us improve the features and
performance of Our Products and Services for everyone. For example, we use
Google Analytics to improve our products, and personal information is not
included in the data collected.
We use cookies with personal information only when necessary
to uniquely identify you and help you use Our Products and Services. For
example, we use cookies to allow you to quickly sign into your Facebook
account.
Our Products and Services may also include third-party
advertisements that use their own cookies, typically for tailoring
recommendations to your interests and web sites you visit. We do not provide
personal information to third-party advertisers.
Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web
browser’s options to stop accepting cookies, to prompt you before accepting a
cookie from the websites you visit or limit the type of cookies you allow. Most
browsers also allow you to clear your history to remove cookies. If you do not
accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all features, portions or
functionalities of Our Products and Services. Mobile applications may also use
cookies, which can be cleared by removing the application from your mobile
device. If you would like assistance removing any of our cookies, contact support@masque.com.
Children
Our Products and Services are not intended for children
under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information
from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any
information to Our Products and Services. If we learn we have collected or
received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13,
please contact privacy@masque.com.
Contact Us
You can contact privacy@masque.com
at any time to:
• Request access to information that we have about you.
• Correct any information that we have about you.
• Delete any information that we have about you.
For all other concerns, please contact info@masque.com.
Changes to This Policy
We may modify this policy at any time and will note any
recent changes below. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will
ask for your consent when you use any of Our Products and Services affected by
the change and use your email address to notify you.
• May 25, 2018: Updated to meet current industry
standards.
• April 7, 2011: General updates for relaunch of www.masque.com.
Staff Pick
Jade Rousseau: The Fall of Sant' Antonio
Investigate an intriguing mystery full of conspiracy and dark secrets!
SnackJack
The addictive new 21 game, with a twist!
Youda Games Variety Pack
4 complete casual games from popular game developer YOUDAGAMES!
IGT Slots: Texas Tea
100% Actual Casino Slot Machines from IGT
World Class Poker
All kinds of poker games, tournaments, professional tips & strategies!
IGT Slots: Wolf Run
Actual casino slots from the world's leading slot machine manufacturer
IGT Slots: Diamond Galaxy
Great IGT Slots like Pharaoh's Fortune, Fire Horse, Buffet Mania!
See allNews
New PC Releases are back!
New Releases are back with more great premium PC games, available to download and try out for FREE! This week go ...
more
New IGT Slots is Here!
Masque Publishing announces its newest release in the widely successful line of IGT Slots for PC & Mac, available ...
more
Free Mobile Word Game!
Free, addictive new Word Game for iPad and Android devices; also free online for PC and Macs! Letter Garden! A ...
more
See allOnline Games
World Class Casino
Bubble Mouse
Just Words
Mahjongg: Lost Island
Solitaire: Classic
SnackJack
© Masque Publishing, Inc.
About Us
Submit Games
How It Works
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Terms of Service
Forgot Password