http://www.lorientrust.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsAdam Jessop2020-11-28T13:23:22+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: November 2012
1.
Who are we?
We are
Merlinroute Ltd t/a Lorien Trust. We are registered in the England & Wales
under company number 03029544. Our registered office is as follows.
Clarendon,
Chesterfield Road,
Oakerthorpe,
Derbyshire,
DE55 7LN
2.
We own and operate this website.
Our
contact details are in the “contact us” section on our site. Please get in
touch if you have any questions or feedback about this policy. We’d be
delighted to help.
3.
Data Protection Act 1998.
Merlinroute
Ltd t/a Lorien Trust is registered with the Information Commissioners Office in
accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Our Data Controller is
Merlinroute LTD and our registrar entry is Z5516132.
4.
What’s the point of this policy?
The
idea is that we tell you how we deal your “personal data”. (This is the
technical term for information about any identified or identifiable living
person). Please read on to find out what kind of personal data we collect, how
we use and protect it, to whom we disclose it and how you can access and
rectify it.
Please
don’t use our site unless you are completely happy with this policy. If you do
use our site, we’ll assume that you do accept it.
5.
Might the policy change?
It may
well do and so you should check it whenever you visit our site. We’ll assume
you agree to the revised policy if you use the site after the effective date
shown at the top of the policy.
6.
What personal or other data do we collect?
We
collect and store the information which you give us via forms on our site –
such as your name, contact details and the information we request if you are
registering for one of our events – or when communicating with us by email or
in some other way.
We may
receive and store certain information automatically when you interact with us.
Examples include the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your
computer to the internet, connection information such as browser type and
version, your operating system and platform, a unique reference number linked
to the data you enter on our system, login details, the full URL clickstream
to, through and from our site (including date and time), cookie number,
activity on our website including the pages you visited and searches you made.
7.
What about cookies?
Like
many websites we use cookies (or may do so in future). A cookie is a small
amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on
your computer’s hard drive so that the site can remember who you are. A cookie
will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come,
the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique
number. Cookies cannot read your hard drive.
Session
cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser
until you leave the site. We use session cookies to recognise you within each
session on our website.
Persistent
cookies stay in the cookie file of your browser for longer (though how long
will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). We use persistent cookies
to recognize you when you return to the website and to provide us with web
statistics relating to use of our website.
Usually
you can modify the settings of your browser to accept or reject all cookies or
be notified when a cookie is set. For further information on cookies and cookie
settings, including how to delete cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. You
can continue to use our site if you reject cookies but its functionality may be
limited.
8.
As do many other sites, we use third party advertisers and/or
internet advertising companies working for them to fill ad space on our site
(or may do so in future). These third parties may use cookies and other similar
technologies (known as action tags, single pixel gifs and web beacons) to
assess information about your visits to this and other sites. This is so they
can track the effectiveness of their campaigns (including whether these ads are
clicked on or viewed by users and later purchases by such users), avoid showing
you the same ad repeatedly and display ads on this and other sites tailored to
your preferences. We don’t have any access to or control over these third party
technologies and they aren’t covered by this policy. If you would like more
information about these practices and to know your choices about not having
this information used by certain of these companies, please click here. Please
contact the third parties directly for more information about their privacy
practices.
9.
How do we use your personal data?
We use
your personal data to provide our goods and services e.g. send service
messages, process payments, administer or events and/or fulfill orders for
goods.
We use
your personal data to help us communicate with you effectively should you try
to contact us via our site including verification of any claims you may make.
If you
have agreed on our site, we may use your personal data to send you emails (or
other communications) with details of our or third party goods or services
which may be of interest to you including information about special offers or
promotions.
We may
use cookies, IP addresses or personal data to recognize you when you visit or
return to our site so we can show you ads or other content tailored to your
preferences, to track anonymised traffic and usage patterns, to prevent or
detect fraud or abuses or to help us improve our site.
We
retain personal data from closed accounts in order to comply with legal
obligations, enforce our terms and conditions, prevent fraud, collect any fees
owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations
and take other actions as permitted by law.
We may
access, remove, alter or store or otherwise use any personal data if we think
you have or may have breached our terms and conditions or to enforce our rights
or protect the public or where if we are required to do so by law or
appropriate authority.
10.
How do we protect personal data?
Security
is a high priority. We take appropriate precautions to protect personal data
from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction
using the same safeguards as we use for our own proprietary information.
Don’t
forget that email and other electronic communications are not secure if they
haven’t been encrypted. Your communications may pass through servers in a
number of countries before they reach us. So we don’t accept responsibility for
any unauthorised access to or loss of personal data that stems from a cause
beyond our control. Nor can we be held responsible for the actions or omissions
of other users or third parties who may misuse your personal data which they
collect from the site.
11.
To whom do we disclose personal data?
Payment
details including credit card numbers are supplied direct to our banking
partner mentioned on our site. We don’t receive or store such information.
We may
allow access to your personal data by third parties who supply us with a
service – for the purpose of their service only and in accordance with our
instructions. Examples include couriers (to enable delivery of goods), website
hosts and businesses which assist us in undertaking communications or
monitoring our site.
You
will be pleased to hear that we don’t provide your personal data to third
parties for marketing purposes.
We may
disclose personal data so far as reasonably necessary:
If we
think you have or may have breached our terms and conditions or to enforce our
rights or protect the public or where we have reasonable grounds for believing
that a criminal act has been committed) or if we are required to do so by law
or appropriate authority; or
In the
case of an actual or proposed (including negotiations for a) sale or merger or
business combination involving of all or the relevant part of our business.
We may
store or transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area for the
purposes stated in this policy.
Except
as otherwise specifically included in this policy, this document addresses only
the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your
information to third parties, different rules may apply to their use or
disclosure of your information.
12.
How can you access and rectify personal data?
You
can access and rectify your personal data by contacting us by the means shown
on our website. We may charge an administration fee in line with data
protection laws.
For
information about your rights under UK data protection laws, see the website of
the UK Information Commissioner
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Effective Date: November 2012
Please read through the following Terms
and Conditions carefully. They comprise the terms on which you are permitted to
purchase items from Merlinroute Ltd t/a Lorien Trust (“us”, also referred to
here as “we”) on this website (the “Website”). These terms and conditions apply
when you purchase any items via this website or otherwise use this site.
1.
Introduction
This website is owned and
operated by Merlinroute Ltd t/a Lorien Trust. We are registered in England
& Wales under company number 03029544. Our registered office and trading
address is as follows
Clarendon,
Chesterfield Road,
Oakerthorpe,
Derbyshire,
DE55 7LN
Our VAT number is 640 1503 87.
These terms do not however
apply to our events which are subject to our event TCs.
We may change these terms and
conditions at any time without direct notification to you. Please check them
carefully as they will apply to any new purchases made after the effective date
shown above. As and when new Terms and Conditions are published, they appear
below.
Items referred to within these
terms relate to clothing, event tickets, merchandise and other such goods, item
or service available for you to purchase.
Right to cancel under
“Distance Selling Regulations”.
2.
Where you purchase Products from this Website for personal use and
not for resale:
You have the right to withdraw
from any Contract from the date on which we send you our Confirmation until 7
working days after the day you receive your order by giving us written notice
of withdrawal by email, or post.
You will be responsible for
and will pay the cost of returning the Products to us by the same method as
they were delivered. The Products will be returned at your risk.
The only circumstances in
which you cannot withdraw the order are where the Products that you wish to
return are where a Contract is made between you and us to provide
accommodation, catering or leisure services (For example hotel accommodation,
plane, train or concert tickets, car hire or sporting events where we agree to
provide the service on a specific date or within a specific period.
If you withdraw from any
Contract, we will credit you as appropriate for the price of the Products as
set out in these terms and conditions, provided that the Products are returned
to us in the condition they were in when delivered to you.
3.
Payment and price
The methods of payment
available to you that we will accept are those listed on this Website on the
date on which we accept your order.
Certain methods of payment,
namely Credit Cards, may incur an additional charge in addition to the price
stated. You will be notified during the checkout process if this is the case.
Payment made is in advance by
the means stated on our website. We will only process payments if we obtain
authorisation from our payment partner.
The price for the goods, items
or service you order is as stated on our site at the time you send us your
order. VAT or any other applicable tax is included unless we say otherwise.
If we have mis-priced any item
by mistake, we are not obliged to supply the item at that price provided we
notify you before we despatch it. If we do notify you, then you can decide if
you want to order the item at the correct price but, if you don’t, we will
provide a full refund of any payments already made.
Delivery costs are charged
extra at the rate shown on our site when you place your order. These will
depend on the delivery method chosen. NB The delivery charges do not include
customs or import duties which may be applied to your order by the relevant
authorities. It is your separate responsibility to pay for these.
The price shown relates to GBP (?) Sterling. Any oversees (EU and
Non EU) customers may be charged an additional fee for currency conversion by
our payment provider, your payment provider or both.
4.
Refunds
Any refunds made pursuant to these Terms will be a refund of the
price actually paid by you for the relevant Product and, except where
specifically provided otherwise, will not include a refund of any postage,
packaging or similar costs. For the avoidance of doubt, if you purchased a
Product at a discount, we will refund you the discounted price. This clause
does not cover services or tickets. Please see cancellation clause below.
5.
Cancellation etc.
We may cancel or change the event (by nature, date, location or otherwise). If so, we will notify you as soon as reasonably possible. If the event is cancelled, we will credit your booking to a similar/equivalent event or issue a refund for that event. If there is a change of date and/or location, we will ensure that your booking remains valid for the changed event or will offer a refund of your payment for that event if you request it within 14 days of the date of our notification.
As all event tickets are personalised and bespoke to the
individual, there is no cooling off period
Refunds to pre-booked event
tickets may only be approved on either compassionate or medical grounds.
The law provides no cancellation rights should you decide you
either can’t attend, or no longer wish to attend any event which has been pre
purchased.
Should you wish to request a cancellation, please adhere to the
following terms;
The Request must be made in
writing to our registered address.
The request must also include
your event pack, this includes your character card, your event ticket, any In
Game Tokens and any other event pack contents.
The request must be received
no later than 30 days prior to the event you are seeking a refund for.
Should your request be successful, the Lorien Trust reserves the
right to deduct a £10 administration fee form the final refund amount.
6.
Your order
Your order is an offer to buy from us. Please check your order
very carefully to ensure it is correct.
Acceptance / unavailability
There will be no binding
contract of any kind between you and us unless and until we despatch the goods,
items or service to you. Until then we may decline to supply the goods, item or
service to you without giving any reason. Nothing else that we do or say will
amount to acceptance of your offer. If any goods, item or service is/are
unavailable, we will notify you of the unavailability as soon as possible and
will arrange for a full refund if you have been charged.
Delivery
We will only arrange for
delivery once we have received full payment in cleared funds. Delivery will be
to the address which you specify when ordering.
We will do our best to arrange
delivery within the time specified within our order confirmation or, if none, a
reasonable period. We are not liable for late delivery to the extent that this
is due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
An extra delivery charge may
become payable by you if no-one is present to accept delivery and either you
haven’t provided alternative delivery instructions or else you don’t collect
the item from a holding depot within 7 days.
Risk of damage or loss to the
goods passes to you on delivery or if you wrongfully refuse delivery when
delivery is attempted.
If you do not receive your ticket two weeks after the time
stipulated in our confirmation, please contact the office. A missing or lost
ticket does not exclude you access to our events as details are held. We will
require Identification to check your event entry eligibility.
Faulty or mis-described goods
In the case of faulty or mis-described goods, please communicate
with us directly providing the details as soon as possible. If the goods are in
fact faulty or mis-described we will make arrangements with you for return of
the goods to us and will provide a refund.
Our responsibility to you.
Nothing in this agreement in
any way limits or excludes our liability for negligence causing death or
personal injury or for fraudulent misrepresentation or for anything which may
not legally be excluded or limited.
You must give us a reasonable
opportunity to remedy any matter for which we are liable before you incur any
costs remedying the matter yourself.
We will act in accordance with
our Privacy Policy (Published here) and in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1998
We are not responsible for any loss or damage where:
a.       there
is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by us or by any of our
employees or agents;
b.
such loss or damage was not reasonably foreseeable by both
parties;
c.
such loss or damage is caused by you, for example by not complying
with this agreement; or
d.      such
loss or damage relates to a business.
Your responsibility to us
You will be responsible to us for any reasonably foreseeable loss
or damage we suffer arising from your breach of this agreement (subject of
course to our obligation to mitigate any losses).
Intellectual property rights
All intellectual property and
other proprietary rights (including, but not limited to, brand names, product
names, copyright and trade marks) and all technical, business or similar
information (including, but not limited to, all designs, documents and other
materials relating to the Products) used in the Products (together ‘the
Intellectual Property’) are and shall remain the property of us or of our
licensors.
Other than as stated in Clauses below, we do not grant permission
for the use of the Intellectual Property and such use may constitute an
infringement of the holder’s rights.
All Website design, text and
graphics appearing on this Website and the selection or arrangement thereof are
the copyright of us or of our licensors. Permission is granted to print once in
hard copy portions of this Website for the sole purpose of placing an order
with or using this Website as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials
on this Website (including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above
and modification, distribution, or republication in any form or media) without
our prior written permission is strictly prohibited.
You may not otherwise retrieve, display, modify, copy, print,
sell, download, hire or reverse engineer (unless permitted by applicable law)
such content without our prior written consent.
Availability of our site
We will do our best to maintain the operation of our site and to
rectify faults if they occur but we cannot guarantee that it will be
uninterrupted or error-free. We may have to suspend the site for repair,
maintenance, improvement or other technical reason.
Third party websites
We may link to third party
websites which may be of interest to you. We do not recommend or endorse those
sites or the products or services which they offer nor are we legally
responsible for them as they are outside our reasonable control. You use such third
party sites at your own risk.
“Act of God”
Neither you nor we are liable for failure to perform or delay in
performing any obligation (excluding payment) under this agreement if the
failure or delay is caused by any circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
English law
These T&Cs shall be
governed by English law and any disputes will be decided only by the courts of
England & Wales.
General
Headings used in this
agreement are for information and not binding. This agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between you and us. Any failure by either party to exercise or
enforce any right or provision of this agreement does not mean this is a
“waiver” (i.e. that it can’t be enforced later). If any part of this agreement
is ineffective or unenforceable for any reason, then it will be replaced with a
provision which as far as possible achieves the same thing and the rest of the
agreement shall continue to apply. A person who is not a party to this
agreement shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties)
Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement except insofar as expressly
stated otherwise.
Complaints
If you have any complaints, please contact us via the contact
details shown on our website or write to our address shown at the start of
these T&Cs.
Version 3 (Updated in line with the
Consumer Rights Act 2015)
EVENT TERMS AND
CONDITIONS
Effective Date: 01/11/2017
Introduction
We are Merlinroute Ltd t/a
Lorien Trust. We are registered in the UK (technically ‘England & Wales’)
under number 03029544. Our registered office and trading address is as follows;
Clarendon,
Chesterfield Road,
Oakerthorpe,
Derbyshire,
DE55 7LN
These terms and conditions
apply to our events.
You must ensure that all persons in your party is aware of and
agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions. You are in any event
responsible for all actions and omissions of each person in your party.
Age requirements
Only persons who are 16 years or over may make bookings for our
events. The party may include persons under 16 provided that they are
accompanied at the event by their parent or legal guardian aged 16 or over.
Rules and behaviour
You agree to be bound by, and
to comply with, the latest version of our Rules and Regulations, the Site Rules
and any requirements or guidelines or reasonable requests which we or our agent
otherwise communicate to you.
You must comply with any rules
and regulations of the venue owner.
You must not engage in any
dangerous, disruptive, unlawful, abusive, aggressive, threatening, drunken,
antisocial or other inappropriate behaviour.
You must comply with any
request to provide proof of identity or age (including photograph and
signature) and submit to reasonable security searches.
Admission / ejection
We reserve the right to deny admission or to eject you, whether
with or without reasons or warnings, if we or our agent or the venue owner
consider in our or their discretion that you have breached these terms and
conditions (including non-compliance with any rules) or may do so. No refunds
will be available in such case.
Cancellation etc.
We may cancel or change the event (by nature, date, location or otherwise). If so, we will notify you as soon as reasonably possible. If the event is cancelled, we will credit your booking to a similar/equivalent event or issue a refund for that event. If there is a change of date and/or location, we will ensure that your booking remains valid for the changed event or will offer a refund of your payment for that event if you request it within 14 days of the date of our notification.
As all event tickets are
personalised and bespoke to the individual, there is no cooling off period?
Refunds to pre-booked event
tickets may only be approved on either compassionate or medical grounds.
The law provides no cancellation rights should you decide you
either can’t attend, or no longer wish to attend any event which has been pre
purchased.
Should you wish to request a cancellation, please adhere to the
following terms;
The Request must be made in
writing to our registered address.
The request must also include
your event pack, this includes your character card, your event ticket, any In
Game Tokens and any other event pack contents.
The request must be received
no later than 30 days prior to the event you are seeking a refund for.
Should your request be
successful, the Lorien Trust reserves the right to deduct a ?10 administration
fee form the final refund amount.
If you are entitled to a refund under any provision of these terms
and conditions and have paid a discounted fee covering more than one event, we
will calculate any applicable refund by charging you the full (i.e.
non-discounted price) for the non-refunded events and refunding you the balance
of your payment.
No sale etc.
Bookings or tickets for our events may not be sold, offered for
sale, traded, exchanged or otherwise used by persons who were not named on the
booking application form.
Liability
Nothing in this agreement in
any way limits or excludes our liability for negligence causing death or
personal injury or for fraudulent misrepresentation or for anything which may
not legally be excluded or limited.
You must give us a reasonable opportunity to remedy any matter for
which we are potentially liable before you incur any costs remedying the matter
yourself.
Very important: We shall not
be liable for any loss or damage caused by us or our employees or agents in
circumstances where:
a.
There is no breach of a legal duty of care owed to you by us or by
any of our employees or agents
b.
Such loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any
such breach;
c.
Such loss or damage is caused by you, for example by not complying
with this agreement; or
d.
Such loss or damage relates to a business.
Very important: You will liable for any reasonably foreseeable
loss or damage we suffer arising from your breach of this agreement (subject of
course to our obligation to mitigate any losses).
English law
These T&Cs shall be governed by English law and any disputes
will be decided only by the courts of the United Kingdom.
General
Headings used in this agreement are for information and not
binding. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us.
Any failure by either party to exercise or enforce any right or provision of
this agreement does not mean this is a ‘waiver’ (i.e. that it can’t be enforced
later). If any art of this agreement is ineffective or unenforceable for any
reason, then it will be replaced with a provision which as far as possible
achieves the same thing and the rest of the agreement shall continue to apply.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok