http://www.zylom.com/eu/en/privacy/
We have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Please be advised we use cookies on our site in order to give you the best experience
More informationGot it! Other countryDownloadOnlineFunPassHelp
Register for free
|
Log in
Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 20, 2019
Welcome to the GameHouse Privacy Policy which describes the way in which GameHouse, the games division of RealNetworks, Inc., collects and uses personal information when you use GameHouse products, services and websites.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information as necessary to operate effectively, provide and improve the products and services we offer, prevent fraud, communicate with you, and provide effective customer support. Such information may include:
Contact information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number;
Billing information, such as your credit card number when you make a purchase;
Demographic information, such as your gender or language preference;
Usage information, such as information relating to your interaction with a game including your player ID, play history, purchases, and activities on our websites such as pages visited, browser type, time and date of visit to website, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits; and
Device information, such as your unique device ID (persistent/ non-persistent), hardware, software, platform, and Internet Protocol (IP) address.
While most of this information comes directly from you, such as information you provide when you sign up for the service or information we automatically gather when you play our games, we sometimes receive information from third parties and affiliates, such as:
Partners with whom we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities;
Advertisers, about your experiences or interactions with their offerings;
Service providers that help us determine your device's location based on its IP address to customize certain products to your location; and
Social networking sites ("SNS") (like Facebook and Twitter) and other similar third-party services that make users' information available to others;
When you use a GameHouse product or service through an SNS, you allow us to access certain information you provided to that SNS. Such information may include your user ID, first and last name, profile picture, email address, and usage data for that product or service. By accessing a GameHouse product or service through an SNS, you are authorizing us to collect, store and use the information that you agreed the SNS could share with GameHouse. Our collection, storage and use of your information are governed by this Privacy Policy. We may access comments you share with the public on an SNS and use such material in accordance with the terms and policies of that SNS. If you do not want us to have such access, adjust your SNS privacy settings so that the applicable data is not shared with the public.
We protect data obtained from you and third parties according to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. When you are asked to provide personal information, you may also decline. But if you choose not to provide information that is necessary to provide a product or service, you may not be able to use that product or service.
We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 and our services are not targeted at children.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use information to enable our operations and to provide our products and services, including:
Verifying access rights to premium content or other access-restricted services and software;
Providing personalized content recommendations, language and location customization, and/or personalized help and instructions;
Determining if your device meets minimum system requirements to use our products, and providing information concerning compatibility and interoperability;
Delivering to you, and billing you for, our products and services;
Auto-updating downloaded products;
Providing interest-based advertisements including advertisements from our third-party advertising partners;
Developing aggregated statistics that help us better understand how our products and services are used and how to market them;
Improving our products and services, including fixing problems or improving the performance of features or content recommendations;
Tracking content use for the purpose of paying royalties and license fees to third-party providers such as game publishers; and
Communicating with you, such as sending you messages concerning your account and customer service issues; asking you to participate in surveys; and delivering news, updates, targeted advertising, promotions, and special offers.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We are committed to protecting your personal information. We use the following controls to protect your personal information:
Secure connections using SSL to safeguard information when transmitted from your web browser to our servers;
Do not store bank or credit card information locally: These are processed by commercial payment service providers such as Zuora or the app stores such as Apple of Google.
Security controls to restrict access to databases housing personal information;
Limited employee access to databases containing personal information and confidentiality requirements imposed upon employees who do have access; and
Subcontractors bound by contractual, technical and organizational measures to honor our Privacy Policy or equivalent privacy standards.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as providing the services and fulfilling the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements, after which the information will be deleted or de-identified. Your personal information will also be deleted when you delete such information from our products and services, although certain aggregated data derived from these may be retained for limited purposes such as product improvement.
USE OF COOKIES
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about how GameHouse and our business partners use cookies and similar technologies.
WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except as necessary for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. In order to effectively operate our services and also provide optimal customer experience we share personal information with the following partners.
Service Providers:
We may disclose relevant information about our customers to our service providers in order for them to provide specific services for GameHouse. For example, GameHouse shares personal information with third-party payment processors for billing purposes and processes some of your personal information using third-party data center service providers such as AWS.
GameHouse service providers are bound to keep all personal information they process confidential.
Analytics Providers:
We also use third-party analytics providers such as Google Analytics and AppsFlyer to help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our games and websites. Analytics providers set or read their own cookies, or other identifiers on your device, and transmit events through which they can collect information about your use of our websites and those of other companies.
Learn more about our analytic providers:
You can learn more about Google Analytics, including houw to opt-out, by visiting Google's Privacy & Terms for Partners or visit our Cookie Policy.
You can learn more about AppsFlyer by visiting AppsFlyer Data Privacy.
Advertisers:
We obtain services from third-party advertising companies to help ensure the advertisements about goods and services you see are likely to be of greater interest to you. These services currently include Google's Admob, DoubleClick and AdSense, and also Unity and FaceBook advertising platforms. The advertising companies we work with may also use third-party cookies and/or web beacons to collect a unique ID number in combination with information such as click stream information, browser type, time, date, and subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to this and other websites. Please review our Use of Cookies section to understand how we use cookies and how you can change cookie settings.
On mobile devices, these advertising companies sometimes collect and use advertising IDs provided by mobile operating systems, such as AAID and/or IDFA. These advertising IDs can be controlled or reset through your mobile operating system's settings. Settings vary by device, but you will usually find advertising settings under "Privacy" or "Ads" in your device's settings.
When you search for specific content on GameHouse websites, the search terms may be embedded in the "search string" that appears in the URL display window of your web browser. Certain advertising services or third-party content providers may associate these search strings with cookies they set or retrieve from our pages.
To learn more about third-party targeted advertising, you can visit either the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), each of which provides an easy way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies. European users can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and for those of you in Canada, you can visit Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) / Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC).
Third party partners
In some cases, access to certain products and services may require the provision of personal information to a third party. In such cases, this will be stated during the registration process, in the terms of use, through the distribution process, or in a similar manner. A third party's use of such information is governed by that party's privacy policy. Please visit the privacy policy of that third party to make sure you understand how they use the personal information you provide to them. If you do not wish to share your personal information with third parties, you should not register for the applicable product or service. Additionally, we may be required to provide specific access and usage information to certain content providers and rights holders as a condition of content licensing and royalties. In addition, GameHouse websites may link to third-party websites or services. Certain GameHouse products and services may contain third-party plug-ins, such as the "share" button for Facebook or Twitter. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any such third-party websites, services, or plug-ins.
Legal and Compliance
Transfers
We may transfer your personal information in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange or other disposition (whether of assets, stock or otherwise) of all or a portion of a business of RealNetworks and/or its subsidiaries.
GameHouse may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law; (b) comply with the order of a competent judicial authority in any jurisdiction; (c) comply with legal process served on GameHouse or RealNetworks; (d) protect and defend the rights or property of RealNetworks; or (e) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of GameHouse products and services or the public at large.
HOW TO MANAGE E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS FROM GAMEHOUSE
We will send marketing e-mail messages to you only in accordance with your preferences. You may change your communication preferences at any time by either: (a) selecting the opt-out option in any marketing message you receive or (b) if you have created an online account with GameHouse, changing your account settings to select whether or not to receive marketing messages. We may send you certain essential (non-promotional) e-mail messages about products or services you have previously purchased or to inform you about critical technical service issues relating to a GameHouse product or service even when you have opted out of marketing messages from us.
HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We strive to give you autonomy over your personal information. To access your account information, update your preferences or delete your personal information, sign into your account on GameHouse.com, Zylom.com or your GameHouse Original Stories mobile application. You may also change your cookies settings by clicking Cookie Policy.
Please, also refer to the "Contact us on Privacy" section for additional ways of contacting us.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We revise this Privacy Policy as needed to keep it up to date with GameHouse products, services and websites. When we do, we will update the date at the top of this Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
TRANSFER OF DATA TO OTHER COUNTRIES
We process information about our users on servers located in a number of countries. We may also subcontract processing or share your information with third parties located in countries other than your home country. Information collected within the European Economic Area and Switzerland may, for example, be transferred to, and processed in, a country outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Wherever we process personal information, we do so according to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable law.
EU-U.S. AND SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD
We comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European Union and Switzerland, and have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
In some cases, we may remain liable if a third party processes personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
If you have a question or complaint related to our participation in the Privacy Shield, we encourage you to contact us via our web form. For any complaints related to the Privacy Shield frameworks that cannot be resolved with us directly, you may seek resolution of your complaint by contacting the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association. As further explained in the Privacy Shield Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
California Data Protection Rights
California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) provides certain specific rights to California residents relating to their data. Those rights include the right to know the categories of personal information collected by us, sources of such information, how we use the information, the third parties with whom we share such information, and the right to delete such information. The following table provides you a summary of our data collection, use and sharing practices by data category in the preceding 12 months.
Please note that this information supplements the information provided in the sections above.
California residents also have the right to not be discriminated against if they choose to exercise any of the above rights.
Please refer to "how to access, update and delete your personal information section" to access your data.
Category & Source of personal information
How we use it
When and why we share it with third parties.
Identifiers.
We collect this category mostly from you when you register for the services or interact with our service. We may also get certain identifies from third parties such as social networking sites.
Information in this category includes name, email address, Internet Protocol address or postal address.
To contact you, enable the use of our services, and to understand how you interact with our products and services.
Service Providers - obtain support services such as credit card processing, data processing and secure data storage services.
Personal information under California Civil Code section 1798.80.
Example of information which fall under this category includes any information that is linked or linkable to an individual.
We collect this category from our users and third-party partners.
To enable the use of our services and enhance the user experience.
Service Providers - obtain support services.
Analytics Providers - to better understand your use of the services.
Third Party Partners - to provide additional products and services that can be added onto our products.
Commercial information.
We collect this category from you when you make purchases.
Example of information which fall under this category include credit card information, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories.
To provide you access to the service.
Service Providers - To process payments.
Analytics Providers - to better understand your use of the services.
Internet or other electronic network activity information.
We automatically collect this category when you interact with our website and other games and services.
Example of information which fall under this category includes browser type, time and date of visit to our website or other information relating to your interaction with our website or application.
To enable the use of our products and services, to understand how our users interact with products and services.
Service Providers - to obtain support service.
Analytics Providers - to better understand your use of the services.
Geolocation Data.
We collect this category from our users when you interact with our products and services.
We may also obtain this information from our service providers when we validate your location.
Example of information which fall under this category include physical location.
To offer localized products and services.
Service Providers and Analytics Partners.
Inferences.
We create these internally from our user interactions.
Example of information which fall under this category include inferences drawn from collected personal information or interaction with our products and/or website.
To provide you services and enhance your user experience.
Service Providers - only to obtain secure data processing and data storage services.
Certain advertisers can create their own profiles using cookies and other tracking techniques when they serve ads on our properties.
We currently do not offer personalized advertisements in California and therefore do not "sell" personal information of California residents to third parties, as defined by CCPA.
EU DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
We collect and process personal data about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products and services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests.
If the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection regulation, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You may request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal data;
If automated processing of your personal data is based on a contract with you or your consent, you have certain rights to data portability;
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time (without affecting the lawfulness of processing that occurred before its withdrawal); and
You have a right to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances.
You may exercise those rights by using the controls described in the "HOW
TO ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION" section above, or by
contacting us as described below. When we are processing data on behalf of
another party that is the "data controller," you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
CONTACT US ABOUT PRIVACY
If you have a question for us about this Privacy Policy, the privacy aspects of our products and services, the information concerning you that GameHouse has retained, or would like to make a complaint, please contact us via our web form or at the address below.
Privacy Policy Group
Games Division
RealNetworks, Inc.
P.O. Box 91123
Seattle, WA 98111-9233
Or email:
For Zylom website: security@zylom.com
For GameHouse websites: security@gamehouse.com
For mobile games: mobilesupport@gamehouse.com
Or click here.
Menu
Homepage
Download games
Online games
FunPass information
Windows 8 games
Blog
Categories
3-in-a-row games
Action games
Board games
Bubble games
Card games
Hidden object games
Puzzle games
Time management games
New games
Top games
Help
Help - Overview
Contact us
Register for free
Log in
Forgotten your login details?
Follow us
Zylom Fan Club page on Facebook
Zylom on Twitter
Zylom on Google+
Zylom on YouTube
Receive our newsletters
Privacy policy
|
terms of service
|
About Zylom
|
sitemap
copyright © 2001- GameHouse Europe. All Rights Reserved Zylom® and the Zylom logo are registered trademarks of GameHouse Europe.