https://www.chaosium.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Chaosium Inc.
We hope you enjoyed our web site and found it useful and informative. Please visit again.
The following informs you of our practices with respect to the collection and use of data about visitors to our site. By using this site, you consent to the following terms.
INFORMATION COLLECTION: You may anonymously visit our site to learn about Chaosium and our books and games. Chaosium may collect certain generic information about visitors to our site (e.g., the duration of your visit, the pages you looked at, your browser type, and so forth) that does not enable us to identify you. We may also collect your IP address, but this information generally does not reveal your identity.
Chaosium also collects the personal information that you provide to us on the registration form, such as your name, age, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number, billing address, and shipping address.
COOKIES: In order to personalize our web site and to enhance your experience, Chaosium uses cookies -- small files that are sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive to facilitate and record how and when you use the site. The only personal information that these cookies contain about you is the same information that you have already chosen to provide to Chaosium.
INFORMATION USE: Chaosium uses the personal information that you submit to us to provide you with any products or services that you have requested, to respond to your correspondence, and to contact you when reasonably necessary. Chaosium may also use this information for internal research and marketing purposes. We use Google Analytics Advertising features to generate demographic reports, which you can opt-out of here.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE: Chaosium may share your personal information with certain third party vendors (e.g., credit card processors) to assist us in providing you with the goods and services you request. We may transfer your personal information to such vendors who have entered into a contract with us that protects the confidentiality of your information and permits the vendor to use it only as reasonably necessary to fulfill its contract with Chaosium. We may disclose your personal information as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation, or other governmental authority. Finally, we may disclose your personal information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of Chaosium’s assets or stock in Chaosium’s line of business to which this privacy policy relates, or upon any other corporate reorganization, but only after ascertaining that the other entity agrees to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy with respect to data collected hereunder. Chaosium may also disclose aggregate, non-personal information about its users to Chaosium's partners, suppliers and other third parties.
SECURITY: Chaosium employs procedural and technological measures, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service, reasonably designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
POLICY CHANGES: Chaosium reserves the right to change this privacy policy, and will post any revisions on this web site. Your continued use of this web site will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
QUESTIONS & COMMENTS: If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy practices, or you wish to update or correct any personally identifiable information that you have chosen to provide to us, please feel free to contact us at chaosium@chaosium.com.
×
OK