http://www.centresoft.co.uk/index/terms
CentreSoft
Home/
Products/
Company/
Contact
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE What's in these Terms? These Terms & Conditions (“Terms”) tell you the rules for using our website www.centresoft.co.uk ("our site").
Who We are and how to contact us www.centresoft.co.uk is a site operated by CentreSoft Limited ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 01673860 and have our registered office at 6 Pavilion Drive, Holford, Birmingham, West Midlands, B6 7BB. Our VAT number is 580715534.
We are a limited company.
To contact us, please email sales@centresoft.co.uk or telephone our Trade Sales line on 0121 625 3399.
By using our site you accept these Terms All rights not expressly granted to you are reserved by CentreSoft Limited. Use of our site is also subject to acknowledgment of CentreSoft’s Privacy Policy available at https://www.centresoft.co.uk/index/privacy.
Please read and review both these Terms and the Privacy Policy before using our site. If you do not agree with or do not wish to accept these Terms or if you do not agree with the way we process personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy then please do not use our site. By using our site or otherwise accepting these Terms, you agree to be bound by these Terms and represent you satisfy all of the eligibility requirements below.
We recommend that you print a copy of these Terms for future reference.
We may make changes to these Terms We amend these Terms from time to time including, but not limited to, adding fees for certain services. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the Terms that apply at that time. Any continued use of the site by you after such amendment will be deemed to constitute your binding acceptance of any such changes, modifications, additions or deletions.  If any modification, change, addition or deletion to these Terms is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to refrain from using our site.
We may make changes to our site We may update and change our site from time to time including but not limited to changes to our products, fees, our users' needs and our business priorities. Please check the product specifications and Terms of Business on this site each time before making a purchase.
We may suspend or withdraw our site We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You agree that We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification or discontinuance of our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of use and other applicable Terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
You must keep your account details safe If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at sales@centresoft.co.uk
How you may use material on our site We and our product partners are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright and other laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these Terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
You must not use our site for any illegal purpose, or in violation of any local, national, or international law, including, without limitation, laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and data protection and privacy.
Do not rely on information on this site The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although We make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.
We are not responsible for websites We link to
Our site may include hyperlinks to other websites or services solely as a convenience to you (“Third Party Sites”).  We have no control over, do not endorse and are not responsible for any such Third Party Sites or the information, advertising, products, services or materials contained on or accessible through any such Third Party Sites.  You agree that We are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of any Third Party Sites or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any the information, advertising, products, services or materials contained on or accessible through any such Third Party Sites and your use of any such Third Party Sites or the services provided by them shall be governed by such Terms between you and such Third Party sites.
Our liability
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
We make no warranty or representation regarding the availability of services and/or products and reserve the right to modify or discontinue them in its sole discretion without notice to you
This site is only for business users Please note that We provide our site only for commercial and business use only. You agree not to use our site for any personal use. If you do, we exclude all liability to you to the extent permitted by law.
We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them
Use of our site and information, content or materials contained therein is at your sole risk.  We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site.
You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and We will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
Which country's laws apply to any disputes? For residents in the Europe and the European Union, then the laws of England and Wales govern the interpretation of these Terms and apply to claims for breach of it, without reference to conflict of laws principles. All other claims, including claims regarding consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, data protection and privacy laws and regulations, and in tort, will be subject to the laws of the European Union country (e.g., the United Kingdom, the French Republic, or the Federal Republic of Germany) in which you the consumer are based.
Our trade marks are registered
“CentreSoft” is a registered trade mark.
You are not permitted to use the trademark without our approval, unless it is a part of material you are using as permitted under How you may use material on our site
©2020 CentreSoft Limited.
All copyrights and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
All rights reserved.
Company registration number
1673860.
Home
About us
Contact us
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions