http://www.euro-ro.net/en/privacy
« Back to HomeGiiku Games GmbH Privacy Policy
We are deeply concerned with the protection of personal data. We would like you to know when we are saving which data and how we use them. As a company of civil law, we are subject to the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Treaty for Telemedia (TMG) of the Federal Republic of Germany. We took technical and organisational measures to ensure that the regulations on data protection are followed by us, as well as external service providers who are working for us.
Registration
When you register for a game operated by Giiku Games GmbH you will be required to enter your email address, to select a username, password and for Florensia your Forum Name. This data will be permanently stored by Giiku Games GmbH. Please do not use your real name, the name of another person or that of a protected registered trademark as a username.
Giiku Games GmbH is offering a service for an increasing number of games that allows you to activate once only for a game and then use this game account to move easily around multiple game worlds within this game. The basis of this service is that the data you supply when you register for a game will be stored in a central location by the relevant game.
Your information will be saved on specially protected servers in Europe. Only a few, specially authorized people who are involved with technical, commercial or editorial care of the servers and the portal are able to access them.
When you access, data which allows an identification (for example IP address, date, time and pages looked at on our website) will be saved to our servers for the purpose of backup. There will be no personal-related processing. The statistical evaluation of anonymous data is reserved.
IP addresses will be saved for a period of 28 days when using our service anonymous. They are saved for purposes of data security and to ensure the stability and the operational safety of our system. Excepted from this limited saving is data necessary for accounting.
Should we provide third parties with information, they gain no access to the saved personal data. The administration of these is exclusive subject to Giiku Games GmbH
Passing of Personal Data to Third Parties
Your data is not passed to third parties without your explicit approval. If your data is passed to other service providers due to processing of data, these providers are bound to the BDSG, other statutory provisions and contractually to the Privacy Policy of Giiku Games GmbH. As far as we are obliged via laws or judicial decree, your data can be passed to units entitled to receive information.
In certain cases Giiku Games GmbH will forward your personal data to the following third parties:
Payment providers
IT service providers (e.g. email providers, host providers)
Database services (e.g. analysis of advertising campaigns)
State agencies (e.g. investigating authorities)
Articles posted in our forums are open to the public. Before posting you should check your posts whether they contain information not intended for the public. You need to face the possibility, that your posts are collected by search engines and become accessible worldwide, without using our service. Foreign service providers oftentimes cannot be brought to erase or revise these kinds of entries.
Unsubscribe Giiku Games GmbH E-Mails
In case you want to unsubscribe from Florensia and Giiku Games GmbH E-Mails, you will find an unsubscribe link on the bottom of each official E-Mail.
Right to Revoke
You can delete your personal data left to us anytime. Data used for accounting and clearance purposes are not affected by cancelation and deletion.
Payment
You will have to supply additional information when making a payment and the type of data depends on the kind of payment method you have selected. Giiku Games GmbH offers a range of anonymous payment methods.
Giiku Games GmbHwill forward the data required to process the payment to the service providers responsible for collecting the payment. These third parties are legally bound to manage your personal data in a confidential and secure manner in accordance with prevailing legislation and may only use your personal data to fulfill their contractual obligations.
When you initiate a payment during the game, a cookie will be set that contains a randomly generated ID number. This cookie will be required to return you to the game once the payment process has been completed.
Giiku Games GmbH is entitled to provide data to third parties to whom receivables due to Giiku Games GmbH from the user have been assigned or to third parties who are responsible for collecting payment to the extent required to fulfill the collection of the receivables or the collection of the charges.
Usage of Cookies
At some parts of our service cookies are used to realize certain user functions. You will be pointed out to that at the respective point. On some pages advertisements of companies and agencies are delivered directly. Cookies might be used there without us being able to point that out to you.
Without the use of cookies, a limited usage of our services is possible. Most browsers are configured to automatically accept cookies. However you can turn the saving of cookies off or have your browser alert you once cookies are being sent.
The following information is saved within the cookies set by us:
your login
your ID registered with us
a so called HASH, consisting of these two and a date which is only saved at our servers
further area specific settings
Social plug-ins
Giiku Games GmbH uses social plug-ins on its websites and games such as Facebook’s “Like” button or Facebook Connect. A shared feature of social plug-ins is that when you access a Giiku Games GmbH website that uses a social plug-in, the same data will be forwarded to the social plug-in provider that would be forwarded if you accessed the provider’s website directly. So for example when you call up a provider website that has Facebook’s “Like” button embedded, Facebook will receive your IP address, the browser version and screen resolution and the operating system of the device you have used to access the site and the URL of the website containing the “Like” button. This applies even if you have used none of the services offered by such providers. If the plug-in has been provided by Facebook or Google, the abovementioned data will be transferred to the USA.
Additional information will be forwarded if you are logged in to one of these services and/or are using the social plug-in while you are accessing the website. Please consult your relevant provider regarding what data will
Google Analytics
Giiku Games GmbH uses the web analysis tool Google Analytics for its websites, games and game homepages. Google Analytics uses cookies to enable us to analyze your visit to the games and websites. To do this, Google Analytics collects data using page views, i.e. the technical features of the device used to visit the pages and your activities on the websites and in the games operated by Giiku Games GmbH. Google Analytics then analyses this data to compile reports to include information regarding from which URL the website or game was accessed, from which approximate geographical location a website or game was visited, how long the user stayed on the website or in the game and an outline of the user’s activities during the visit. You can disable the use of cookies in your browser settings.
Alternately, you can download and install the relevant plug-in for your browser via this link: (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) and the Google Analytics JavaScript code will be instructed to send no information on your visits to Giiku Games GmbH games and websites to Google Analytics.
deltaDNA
Giiku Games GmbH uses the analysis tool deltaDNA for its games. For this, code fragments are used in the source code of the game or the mobile apps that are then activated when you carry out a particular action specified by Giiku Games GmbH (e.g. registration, activation, login, account deletion, purchase of credits, etc.). Once activated, the following data will be sent to the deltaDNA servers located in the EU: name of the game or website, country version of the game, a randomly generated and anonymized ID number for your account, an ID number defined for the specified action, description of the specified action, time stamp, browser session ID and IP address.
You can object to this data collection and storage at any time, effective for the future. Please send your revocation to the email address datenschutz@giikugames.com. No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation.
MailChimp
If you sign up for our newsletter, which is administered through Mailchimp, or if you register for our game, we will store some of your information, including your email address, IP address and certain information about the links you click within the emails we send you, on a Mailchimp server. Neither we nor Mailchimp will ever sell your email address or share it with any other party, unless we are legally compelled to do so. If you contact Mailchimp directly regarding your subscription to our newsletter, Mailchimp may contact you directly; otherwise, Mailchimp will never contact you. Only authorized Mailchimp employees have access to our subscriber list. You are always free to unsubscribe from our newsletter.
You can object to this data collection and storage at any time, effective for the future. Please send your revocation to the email address datenschutz@giikugames.com. No other costs shall be incurred for a revocation apart from the costs of transmitting such revocation.
Children
People at an age below 18 should not transmit personal data to us without their parents' agreement. However you need to specify your date of birth when registering. Some functions are not allowed for people under the age of 18. For example, the payment with credit card (in Germany).
Links to other Websites
Our online service contains links to other websites. We have no influence on their operators to keep their privacy policy.
Questions and comments
For questions, suggestions or comments concerning privacy protection please refer to Giiku Games GmbH man in charge of privacy protection: datenschutz@giikugames.com. Due to the rapid development of the internet from time to time an adjustment of our privacy policy is required. At this place you will be informed about alterations.
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
OK
Learn more