https://www.inertiasoftware.com/privacy.php
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy is effective as at 30.05.2018.Please read Inertia’s Privacy Policy before using our services because it will tell you how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information when providing these services to you.If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please see the Contact Us section.About us and this policyInertiasoft Limited (“Inertia”, “Inertia Game Studios”) is a limited company. We are registered in the United Kingdom, with registered number 5016371. Our registered office is 3 Prospect Point, Cambridgeshire Business Park, Ely, Cambridgeshire, CB7 4EX, UK. Inertiasoft Ltd and its websites, games and other applications (“we”, “our”, or “us”) believe that your privacy is very important.For information collected under this Policy, the data controller is Inertiasoft Limited.This policy describes how we collect, use, process and share information that Inertia collects about you through the various websites, games and applications that we provide (“Websites/Apps”, “Games”, “Apps”, “Services”), and how we will use and when we might disclose such information and data to third parties. Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this Policy. If you have any concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our Websites/Apps.As set out in our Terms of Service, you must be at least 13 years old to access and/or use our Games/Apps. We do not knowingly collect personal data about children under the age of 13.Information we collect and how we collect itBroadly, the information we collect about you relates to the type of device you are using, how you play our games (such as levels attempted and purchases made), and other information which you allow us access to when you connect to your social network accounts through our Games. Depending on which of our Games/Apps you interact with, we may collect the following information and data from you:contact details (generally your name and email address);game data (such as details about how you use and interact with our games, your player ID);history of Game purchases/in-app purchases in our Games/Apps through an online store (please note that we do not collect or process any payment details ourselves or have access to them at any point, all payments are made through third party services where their privacy policy will apply);the content of messages sent using any in-game chat and messaging systems;if you contact us, for instance, through our Customer Support channels, or to respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence;automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device’s operating system, and browser type)if you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your information such as device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device;Information collected from Third PartiesSometimes we collect information about you from third parties, such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, or Google. We collect this information so that we can deliver the Websites/Apps you have requested. We collect this information:when you purchase our Apps via the App Store, Google Play Store or Amazon Appstore;if you log in to our Games through a social media account (such as Facebook) we will collect your basic profile information such as your name, current profile picture and your friend list, this lets you interact with your friends who are also using our Games. You can control how your Facebook information is used in your Facebook account settings; andwhen you use in-app features such as Game Center we will collect information such as your user name.How do we use the information that we have about you?Inertia only process your data in a way which is necessary for purposes of legitimate interests in order to be able to provide our Services to you. We use information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Policy. We may use your information to:create game accounts and allow you to play our games;operate and improve our Service;respond to customer support queries and provide customer service;enable you to communicate with other users;provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have requested.protect against cheating or for other security reasons;send you push notificationsWhen do we disclose information?We may disclose the personal information we hold about you in the following circumstances:if we are required or authorized to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency;Third party servicesWhen you use our Games/Apps, you might also use third party services including:Facebook SDK - Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation- Advert Settings: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=education_pageGame Center - https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/ Google Play Games - https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=uk   Amazon Game Circle - https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_left_v4_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010 Google Analytics for Firebase - https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ Firebase AdMob - https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ Firebase Messaging - https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ Firebase Crashlytics - https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ Third party services may collect or receive information in accordance with their own data/privacy policies. For example, Facebook may collect or receive information from our app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads. We do not control how third party services interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information. You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.Advertising and promotionBy using our Games/Apps, you may be offered advertising content.We promote our own games and services in a number of ways. That might include cross promoting one of our games while you are playing a different game of ours.We will use information about your particular device in order to show you adverts which work properly on that device.Alternatively, if you do not wish us to collect data as described in this section, you should stop using our Services.Your rights in relation to your informationYou have certain rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you. Those rights include:Right of access - You have a right to know what information we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you.Right to correct personal information - Should you realise that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know by contacting us using the details in the Contact Us section and we will correct it as soon as we can.Data deletion - Should you wish to have any information about you deleted, please contact us using the details below. Should you wish to also deactivate your account, please also contact us and ask us to do this. Please note that this will mean that all your progress in our games any any unspent virtual items will be lost and we will not be able to restore them in the future.There are other ways in which you can control the personal information that we collect about you. For instance, you could disconnect your social network account from our games or delete our games from your mobile device. You can also limit the information that we can get from your social network account (ie. changing the app permissions in your Facebook settings).How long do we keep your information and where do we store it?We will keep your information for as long as we consider necessary for the purposes described above, or as long as the law allows. We store your information on servers that we control which are primarily based in the European Union. We may also use servers that are located outside the European Union and may engage partners outside the European Union who will also process and store your information to provide services to us.SecurityWe have taken appropriate steps and followed industry standards to secure all personal data stored by our systems.However, while we take responsible measures to protect your Personal Information, the internet is not a 100% secure environment. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of all information transmitted or electronically stored. We disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to, disclosure or damage to, theft of, or loss of any Personal Information. By using our website and/or our software, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.Please note that you can terminate your account at any time and request that we completely delete all of your data we have stored. Just contact us using the details below. Changes to the policyThis Privacy Policy and this summary may change over time. We will post any updated Privacy Policy on this page. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure that you are familiar with the latest version. Any new policy will be effective from the date it is published by us.Contact usIf you want to contact us about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then please contact us by emailing admin@inertiasoftware.com.