http://www.upuzzles.com/help/common-questions
Home
About Us
Help
Crossword
Jumble
Jigsaw
Number
Word
Card
All Games
Common Questions
Forgot Username
Forgot Password
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Data
Copyrights
Acceptable Use
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Frequent Asked Questions (FAQ)
Have Questions or Need Help?
Click the links below for answers.
If you still have questions, contact us, here.
Andrews McMeel Universal Network
Question: What is the Andrews McMeel Universal Network?
Answer:
The Andrews McMeel Universal Network refers to the group of entertainment websites developed and managed by Andrews McMeel Universal, an entertainment and syndication content company providing many of the best and most creative cartoons, puzzles and columns in circulation. The Andrews McMeel Universal Network includes
GoComics,
Dilbert.com,
Doonesbury.com,
ThePuzzleSociety.com,
Garfield.com,
Newsoftheweird.com,
FBorFW.com,
DearAbby.com
and uExpress.com.
Privacy and Security
Question: Why do you use cookies? What are cookies?
Answer:
The term "cookie" refers to a small text file sent to your browser that allows us to store your username and other preferences in a secure fashion. These small files cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personal information.
With the auto-login feature in our registration system, we use a cookie to remember the login information you gave us so you don't have to enter that information each time you visit our site. Our site also uses cookies to keep track of how users are navigating our site and to provide you with personalized content. This will allow us to serve you the information that you want to see the most. The use of cookies is an industry standard - you'll find them on most major websites.
Question: How secure is my personal information?
Answer:
The Andrews McMeel Universal Network is operated on secure data networks protected by
industry-standard firewall and password-protection systems. In addition, to safeguard credit card
e-commerce transactions, we use industry-standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology.
This ensures secure transmission of your information from your browser to our servers. Our security
and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized
individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
Question: What steps do you take to protect children?
Answer:
The Puzzle Society takes the safety of children very seriously. We have taken several steps to ensure
that visitors to our site are not compromised by our administrative and security measures. Visitors to
our site under the age of 13 are subject to our Children's Privacy Policy (Read Our
Policy) and we encourage you to read the policy for all of the details.
Question: I'm under 13; can I register with your site?
Answer:
Unfortunately, no. The Andrews McMeel Universal Sites are general audience sites and are not directed
to children under the age of 13. Andrews McMeel Universal assumes products purchased with credit cards
are purchased by adults. Andrews McMeel Universal respects the privacy of parents and children and is
committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). On those areas of
the Sites that ask for age, Andrews McMeel Universal does not collect personal information from
individuals who identify themselves as under the age of 13 except in those limited circumstances where
Andrews McMeel Universal believes that such collection is permitted under COPPA. Andrews McMeel
Universal may ask prospective users to provide their age during the registration process and on other
areas of the Andrews McMeel Universal Sites. If a user indicates that he or she is under the age of 13
then all personal data collected during the registration process is automatically deleted except
UAndrews McMeel Universal may retain and use limited information, such as the child's email address,
for a limited period of time, in those cases where Andrews McMeel Universal believes that the
collection and use of such information is permitted under COPPA.
Subscriptions
Question: When do I have to subscribe? Why do I need to subscribe? Do I have to pay for benefits?
Answer:
The Puzzle Society is a paid subscription-based website where our members can access many of the
best puzzles and gaming challenges available. You can sign up for a free 10-day subscription to
test-drive the experience using a credit card that will not be charged for the trial. In order to
continue after your trial experience, your credit card will be billed to maintain either a basic
(monthly) subscription at $3.95/month or premium (annual) subscription payment plan at $19.95/year
to The Puzzle Society.
Question: How do I login once I've registered?
Answer:
Each time you access the "Members Only" section of The Puzzle Society you will be asked to provide
your username and password. If you are on a different machine or have your cookies turned off, go to
the sign-in page and input your username and password to log on to your account. You can login to
your account here.
Question: How do I edit my account information?
Answer:
Once you have logged into Puzzle Society, you can click on the
Member Settings
link at the top right of each page.
Question: What if I forget my username?
Answer:
Click on the
icon above the login form in the upper right portion of the screen. You will be requested to submit
the email address that you originally used when signing up for The Puzzle Society. Once submitted,
please check your email for instructions from the Puzzle Society on how to recover your username.
Question: What if I forget my password?
Answer:
Click on the
icon above the login form in the upper right portion of the screen. You will be requested to submit
the email address that you originally used when signing up for The Puzzle Society. Once submitted,
please check your email for instructions from the Puzzle Society on how to reset your password.
Question: Will my subscription automatically renew at the end of the paid period?
Answer:
To ensure uninterrupted service, your subscription will be automatically renewed at the end of each
term and your credit card will be billed at that time. If you don't want your account to auto-renew,
simply email support@amuniversal.com and let us know you would like to opt out of automatic renewal.
Question: What if I want to cancel my account?
Answer:
To cancel your account, please send an email to support@amuniversal.com. You should receive a reply in 3-5 business days. If you prefer to call, our toll-free number is 1-877-682-5425, please ask for The Puzzle Society support.
Advertising
Question: Can I advertise on The Puzzle Society website, in The Puzzle Society emails, or on specific puzzle pages?
Answer:
The Puzzle Society is an outside-ad-free environment for our subscribers. Throughout the site, you will see placements for Andrews McMeel Universal content that we think that you may like, based on The Puzzle Society content, such as Wonderword puzzle books and related fare.
Through our family of websites (GoComics.com, Garfield.com, Dilbert.com and over a dozen others), we offer advertising opportunities that can assist many targeted marketing campaigns.
These include display placements, rich media, geographic targeting opportunities and more.
Click here for more information.
Technical Issues
Question: Do I have a compatible computer and browser to play my favorite games?
Answer:
Browsers supported
Internet Explorer 7 and above
Firefox 5.0 and above
Google Chrome
Safari 5.0 and above
Operating Systems supported: (Computers)
Mac OS X 10.5 and above
Windows XP service pack 3 and above
Question: I am using a tablet device. Can I access The Puzzle Society through it?
Answer:
All of the games within The Puzzle Society are created in Flash, Shockwave and Java.
Unfortunately, these software platforms are incompatible with most tablet devices, making The Puzzle Society inaccessible from most tablets.
Question: What should I do if puzzles do not load correctly?
Answer:
Most games on ThePuzzleSociety.com require either Flash or Shockwave to load correctly. If you don't have these plug-ins, they may be downloaded at no charge from Adobe. To download Flash, click here. For Shockwave, click here. Follow the instructions on the Adobe site to complete your download and installation.
In addition, to ensure full compatibility with The Puzzle Society, you must have Javascript enabled and your browser must be set to allow cookies. Usually, puzzles that do not load correctly represent a temporary problem and do not require any special fixes. Simply reload the page you are currently visiting and the problem may be resolved.
Question: Why am I having trouble printing this crossword?
Answer:
If you are trying to print a puzzle that is Flash-based, please ensure you are clicking on the print button within the crossword itself, and not the print button in your internet browser. Most of our Flash-based puzzles have a Print button in upper right portion of the puzzle play area. Click there, then click "Print Blank Puzzle."
If you are having trouble printing a crossword in .PDF format, please ensure you have Adobe Acrobat or Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. Adobe Acrobat Reader is available for free download here.
Question: When trying to play a game my browser says I need Flash and/or Shockwave plugins.
Do I need this?
Answer:
Flash and Shockwave allow ThePuzzleSociety.com to deliver the most engaging, compelling and interesting entertainment content currently on the Web. We utilize technologies like these to enhance your entertainment experience in the most compatible way possible.
These plugins are used on millions of webpages and are the most common technologies used online to present games and puzzles to users.
Click on the plugin your game or puzzle requires:
Adobe Flash Player - For use with our Flash Games.
Adobe Shockwave Player - For use with our Shockwave Games.
Adobe Acrobat Reader - For printing our puzzles that use the .pdf file format.
Content
Question: Can I put your puzzles on my website?
Answer:
Yes you can, with a little coordination from our team! Our dedicated sales team can help you put our syndicated content on your website. Find out more about our content services at UniversalUclick.com/licensing_permissions.
Question: Can I use this puzzle for a work presentation or personal use? How about for my corporate intranet or website?
Answer:
Most of the features on The Puzzle Society are available. Click here to contact our licensing department regarding the use of our content.
Question: How do I submit content to be shown on ThePuzzleSociety.com?
Answer:
ThePuzzleSociety.com is not only your source for the puzzles you already know, but we also want to be the launching pad for the next generation of game and puzzle creators. We welcome and encourage submissions for word games, puzzles and other similar features. ThePuzzleSociety.com is owned and managed by Andrews McMeel Universal, the leading content service provider on the web for the comics, puzzles and writing you love, so your submission will be reviewed by a team of content experts.
If you are interested, check out our submission guidelines, here.
After reading these guidelines you can submit your game or puzzle by emailing the submissions department at submissions@amuniversal.com.
All files and/or compressed archives must be less than 8 MB.
Question: How can I contact the creator of a game on PuzzleSociety.com?
Answer:
Check out the related links that accompany each feature for the email address of a creator. If no email address is listed, you may email here and we'll forward the correspondence to the creator.