http://www.greektowncasino.com/terms-of-use
Sign In;
Register
;
Caption Goes Here
Terms of Use
Effective Date: September 1, 2016
These Terms of Use govern your use of all of the Greektown Casino, L.L.C. d/b/a Greektown Casino-Hotel (together with its direct affiliates, “Greektown Casino”) websites or webpages that are owned or operated by Greektown Casino including but not limited to www.greektowncasino.com (collectively, the “Site(s)”) and all mobile applications hosted, maintained, offered or operated by Greektown Casino (collectively, the “Apps”). The Sites and the Apps are sometimes referred to collectively in these Terms of Use as the “Service(s).” The Services are the property of Greektown Casino. Greektown Casino encourages you to read these Terms of Use carefully as it controls your use and access to the Services, now and in the future; however, Greektown Casino expressly reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time by posting an updated version of the Terms of Use on the applicable Service. Therefore, you should periodically review the Terms of Use. Any amendments to these Terms of Use shall be effective immediately on posting. Your use of the Services or your continued use of the Services after your initial use, constitutes your acceptance to follow and be bound by the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution requirements contained herein), the Privacy Policy, and any modified terms and conditions, if any. The date of the most recent revision of these Terms of Use is located at the top of this document. DO NOT USE THIS SITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF USE.
Greektown Casino may terminate the Terms of Use at any time, in its sole discretion, without any notice to you. Any permission granted herein terminates automatically without further notice if you breach any terms of the Terms of Use. Upon such termination, you agree to immediately destroy any downloaded and/or printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on or offered via the Services may violate domestic and/or international copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes, as well as other applicable law.
Greektown Casino’s App is hosted by Joingo, LLC; Joingo, LLC’s End User License Agreement to use the App can be found here.
Use of Services by Persons Under 21
If you are younger than 21 years of age, you are prohibited from accessing or attempting to access password-restricted information and/or portions of this Site (the “Age Requirements”). Greektown Casino does not allow persons under the age of 21 to gamble or loiter at its casino. We do not knowingly collect information from persons under the age of 21 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 21. If we discover we are in possession of personal information related to a person under the age of 21 through the Services, we will promptly delete and or destroy such personal information.
Privacy Policy
Greektown Casino is firmly committed to protecting the privacy of its users. Greektown Casino’s use of data collected via the Services is governed by its Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that Greektown Casino’s Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Terms of Use. A link to Greektown Casino’s Privacy Policy can be found here.
Accounts
A web account is required to access certain portions of the Services and/or services and may be accessed and used only by those authorized individuals who are registered with Greektown Casino. To open a web account, you must have a GT Rewards account and complete the registration process by providing Greektown Casino with certain information as prompted by the applicable registration form. In registering for the Services, you agree to submit accurate, current, and complete information about you and promptly update such information, if applicable. Should Greektown Casino suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, Greektown Casino has the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate your access to and use of some or all of the Services and/or seek updated information from you. If you created a web account on any Services, you may cancel your account at any time by notifying Greektown Casino and following the necessary cancellation procedures. There is no minimum commitment to open or maintain an account.
You are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account and for ensuring that you exit or log-off from your account at the end of each session of use. If you are conducting this session on a public computer or are otherwise using a computer or mobile device to which multiple people have potential access, be sure to follow all relevant instructions to ensure you are sufficiently disconnected and logged off the applicable Service and the computer or operating system you are using to prevent unauthorized access to your account with Greektown Casino. You agree to notify Greektown Casino immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security that is known or suspected by you. Web accounts cannot be shared or used by more than one individual.
Product and Promotional Pricing and Availability
Greektown Casino will not be responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding prices or other information. All product sales and promotions are subject to these Terms of Use. Promotional offers and prices are for a limited time or as specified. Prices and promotions are subject to change without prior notice. Inventory and availability are subject to rapid change.
Use of Materials; Proprietary Rights Restrictions
You agree not to upload, transmit, post, email or otherwise make available to any of the Services, any content or other material in any format that: (i) is false, inaccurate, misleading, fraudulent, unlawful (including, but not limited to, laws governing consumer protection, unfair competition, antidiscrimination, or false advertising), harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, invasive of another’s privacy, libelous and/or otherwise objectionable; (ii) infringes any third party’s intellectual property, whether a copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary right or rights of publicity or privacy; or (iii) contains viruses, worms, Trojan horses, time bombs, cancelbots, Easter eggs, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs designed to interrupt, interfere, intercept, expropriate, destroy or limit the functionality of any data, personal information, computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
In addition, you further agree not to: (i) alter, remove, or falsify any attributions or other proprietary designations of origin or source of any other content appearing on any of the Services or contained in a file that is uploaded to any Service; (ii) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Greektown Casino official or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (iii) attempt, through any means, to gain unauthorized access to the Services or another user’s account on any of the Services; (iv) access, monitor, observe, or otherwise use any aspect of the Services if you are not in compliance with the Age Requirements; (v) use of any device, software, or routine that interferes or attempts to interfere with the proper working of the Services; (vi) use any robot, scraper, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy any information or content contained in the Services without Greektown Casino’s prior express written permission; (vii) systematic retrieval of data or other content from this Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without our prior written permission is prohibited; (viii) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Services’ infrastructure; or (ix) create liability for Greektown Casino or cause Greektown Casino to lose (in whole or in part) the services of its information technology partners or other suppliers.
All material on the Services, including, without limitation, all informational text, design of and “look and feel,” layout, photographs, graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging design and functions, software code, files, documents, images or other materials (collectively, the “Materials”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, as well as all derivative works, are owned by Greektown Casino or other parties that have licensed their material to Greektown Casino, and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. Greektown Casino disclaims any proprietary interest in copyrights, trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, domain names and trade names other than its own. Trademarks, logos, images, audio, and service marks displayed on the Services are the property of either Greektown Casino or other third parties; you agree not to display or use such property without Greektown Casino’s prior written permission.
The Materials may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, including by e-mail or other electronic means, without the prior written consent of Greektown Casino. Any modification of the Materials, use of the Materials on any website or networked computer environment, or use of the Materials for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial use, without the prior written consent of Greektown Casino, is a violation of the copyright, trademark, and other proprietary rights in the Materials and is expressly prohibited.
If you have accessed the Services, Greektown Casino grants to you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to use and display the audio and visual information, documents, products and software contained in or made available through the Services (the “Content”) solely for your own personal use. With respect to the Apps, the foregoing license includes the right to download, install, access and use such Mobile App on a mobile device owned by you. All rights not expressly granted herein by Greektown Casino to you are reserved by Greektown Casino and/or its licensors.
Greektown Casino alone shall own all right, title, and interest, including all related intellectual property rights, to any suggestions, ideas, feedback, remarks, innovations, graphics, materials, data, concepts, recommendations, comments, posting, or other information or communications provided by you relating to the Services (“Submissions”), and you agree to and hereby assign such Submissions to Greektown Casino free of charge. Greektown Casino may use or not use such Submissions as it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. For any submissions that cannot be legally assigned to Greektown Casino, you hereby grant Greektown Casino an unrestricted, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute the Submissions for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes, and you agree that Greektown Casino is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send Greektown Casino for any purpose whatsoever, with no compensation to you. You also hereby waive any “moral rights” associated with the Submissions. For the avoidance of doubt, Greektown Casino has no obligation to affirmatively monitor or moderate Submissions posted to any Service by any user.
Links
The Services may contain links to third-party websites (“Linked Sites”) as an accommodation and for convenience only. The Linked Sites are not under the control of Greektown Casino. The Linked Sites can also be accessed through links contained on third-party websites. Greektown Casino does not endorse, adopt or undertake any responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any third-party site, including, but not limited to, information provided at Linked Sites that may link the user to the Services. Greektown Casino shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any access by you of any Linked Sites or for your use of any information, products, materials, content, or services on or available on any Linked Sites. If you have accessed the Linked Site through a third-party link, you are still bound by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use.
No Warranties
You expressly agree that use of the Services is at your sole risk. The Services and any content contained therein or downloadable therefrom are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Greektown Casino expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranty of non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and quiet enjoyment. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Greektown Casino or through the Services shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. Greektown Casino shall not be responsible for any loss or damage caused, or alleged to have been caused, directly or indirectly, by the information or ideas contained, suggested or referenced via the Services or any use of same by you. You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Services or any content contained therein or downloaded therefrom is at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data.
Greektown Casino makes no warranty that the Services or any content provided through the Services or any content contained therein or downloaded therefrom will meet your requirements, be accurate, complete, current or timely, or that the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free. In the event that the Services’ content is inaccurate, incomplete, or out of date, Greektown Casino does not intentionally make material misrepresentations nor does Greektown Casino intentionally provide incorrect information. Greektown Casino and its licensors make no representation or warranties that this site or any content contained therein or downloaded therefrom is appropriate or available for use in all geographic locations. If you use the Services from outside the United States of America, you are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, including without limitation export and import regulations of other countries.
Limitation of Liability
Greektown Casino and its officers, directors, board, employees and agents shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the use or the inability to use the Services or any content contained therein or downloadable therefrom, or any information obtained via the Services or for the cost of procurement of substitute services or resulting from unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles even if foreseeable or if Greektown Casino has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the Services results in the need for servicing, repair, or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof.
Any transactions, communications, or other dealings you have with third parties found on or through the Services are solely between you and the third party. Greektown Casino makes no representations or warranties with respect to such third parties offering services. Greektown Casino shall not be responsible nor liable for or in connection with any such third party transactions, communications, or other dealings.
Certain states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the exclusions set forth above may not apply to you.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend, release, and hold harmless Greektown Casino (its affiliates, successors, assigns, and each’s respective employees, officers, directors, managers, principals, members, stockholders, agents, licensors, and their respective successors and assigns), from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, liabilities, losses, damages, fines, costs, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorney’s fees, reasonable consultants’ fees, and court costs) incurred as a result of, arising from, or related to your use of any of the Services, any Submissions provided by you (including in the event your Submissions infringe, dilute, misappropriate or otherwise violate the rights of any third party, including with respect to rights of publicity or privacy), access by others to the Services under your authority or control or using your web account, and/or any Content or other information contained therein or provided thereby, including, but not limited to, information from Linked Sites linked to the Services.
Failure to Abide by These Terms
Greektown Casino may, in Greektown Casino’s sole discretion, remove your information from the Services, issue you a warning, suspend your use, or even terminate your use of your account immediately, without notice to you, and refuse to provide any services to you if you breach these Terms of Use, or if Greektown Casino is unable to verify or authenticate any information that you provide or if we believe your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you, Greektown Casino’s other guests or users, or Greektown Casino.
Greektown Casino reserves the right, in its sole discretion, and for any reason, to refuse access to any user at any time to those portions of the Services that require registration. You agree that Greektown Casino shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to any Material, Content, or the Services.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed under and pursuant to the laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to Michigan’s conflicts of laws principles. Any and all litigation concerning any dispute arising under or in connection with these Terms of Use shall be filed and maintained only in a state or federal court located in Wayne County, Michigan. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Wayne County, Michigan, and waive any object to such jurisdiction or venue.
Dispute Resolution
Any controversy or claim arising out of, or relating to, these Terms of Use, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in Wayne County, Michigan. Greektown Casino on the one hand and you on the other hand shall select an arbitrator from a list provided by the American Arbitration Association that is mutually satisfactory to them. If Greektown Casino and you are unable to agree on an arbitrator within ten (10) days, Greektown Casino and you shall each choose an arbitrator from a list provided by the American Arbitration Association within ten (10) days of the parties failing to mutually agree to an arbitrator. The two arbitrators so selected shall then select a third arbitrator mutually satisfactory to them from the list provided by the American Arbitration Association. If a party fails to select an arbitrator as required within the applicable timeframe, the arbitrator timely selected by a party shall be the sole arbitrator of the matter referred to arbitration. The single arbitrator so selected by the aforesaid procedure shall hear the dispute and decide it. The award of the arbitrator shall be binding and final on all parties. Any and all legal, accounting and other costs and expenses incurred by the prevailing party shall be borne by the non-prevailing party.
Invalidity; Additional Terms
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between Greektown Casino and you. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default.
Accessing or using the Services may require that you agree to additional terms associated with particular aspects of this Site (“Additional Terms”). Additional terms, conditions, and disclaimers regarding the use of the Services’ functions may appear within the body of the Services and are incorporated herein by reference. The Additional Terms and Terms of Use shall apply equally; however, if there is irreconcilable difference between the Additional Terms and Terms of Use, the Additional Terms shall apply.
Miscellaneous
Employment opportunities with Greektown Casino that are listed via the Services are subject to change without prior notice. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of the Terms of Use, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Greektown Casino in any respect whatsoever.  Greektown Casino is an equal opportunity employer.
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices shall be given, if to Greektown Casino, by postal mail to Greektown Casino. Attn: Legal, 555 E. Lafayette Ave., Detroit, MI  48226. Alternatively, Greektown Casino may give you notice by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, to the address provided to Greektown Casino during the registration process. In such case, notice shall be deemed given three (3) days after the date of mailing.
THIS POLICY IS INTENDED TO COMPLY FULLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE ONLINE COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT LIABILITY LIMITATION ACT AND THE DIGITAL MILLENIUM COPYRIGHT ACT. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please send written notification to: Greektown Casino, L.L.C., Attn: Legal, 555 E. Lafayette Ave., Detroit, MI  48226.
The mychoice Rewards Loyalty App
×Close
Download Today and Get $10 mycash® and 5M credits at mychoice® casino.
Get real-time updates on your account with the all-new mychoice® rewards loyalty app. Plus, get $10 mycash® and 5M credits to play for fun at mychoice casino when you download the app today!
Learn More
×Close