http://www.netives.com/Help/privacy.php
Privacy
Netives.com Privacy Statement Information
Because we gather information about the users of Netives.com, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information.
Information Netives.com gathers and tracks
Netives.com gathers two types of information about users: 1) Data that users provide through optional, voluntary registration, such as high scores, and preferences, and 2) aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site. Such information enables us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and help our advertisers better understand the demographics of our audience. Because Netives Inc. derives a portion of its revenue from advertising, providing such aggregated demographic data is essential in order to keep some of our services free to users.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed here.
Usage tracking
Netives.com tracks user traffic patterns throughout Netives.com and this information is correlated with data about individual users. Overall usage statistics, according to a user's domain name, browser type and MIME type gotten by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user's browser), are also broken down.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such including a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Netives.com uses cookies to maintain your user preferences.
If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, you need to have cookies turned on in order to use the user preference feature of Netives.com.
Use of the information
Netive.com uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience on our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, Netives Inc. uses information that users voluntarily provide in order to enable users to participate in suveys, polls and boards.
We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. Netives Inc. does not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
Netives Inc. creates aggregrate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. Netives Inc. never shares individual personal information with anyone, so an advertiser will never know that a specific user clicked their ad.
Netives uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience demographics. We do not share information about individual users with any third party, with the exceptions noted previously.
Google Served Ads Privacy Policy
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to this site's users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
In addition, Google may use 3rd parties to serve advertising which uses cookies for user targetting purposes. Users can opt out of some, but not all, of these cookies in one location at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out website at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
How To Contact Us
If you ever need to contact us visit us here.
DISCLAIMER:The software provided on ALL these pages is provided as-is. No warranty is provided or implied. Use at your own risk.Having problems? Visit our
troubleshooting guide. Can't make out the colors, or hate the high scores? Change your preferences here. And finally... Questions or Comments? Contact us hereAny information collected by Netives.com is governed by our privacy statement.All content on this page, unless otherwise explicitly noted, is ©2004-2010 Netives Inc., and Eduardo Fernandez.All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction is strictly prohibited.