http://www.infinite-story.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Notice
Overview
Shape By Force LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://Infinite-Story.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address and billing address ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this Log Data.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with account updates and promotional information. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of each promotional email.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use cookies to keep you logged in when you move from one page to another on our site, and to remember you if you check the "remember me" box when you log in. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Additionally, we may use any Google Analytics Advertising Features. These help Google show you more relevant ads, including ads from us, and all data is collected in accordance with Google's privacy policies. You can opt out of Google Analytics tracking here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. You can also instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via optional surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.