http://www.3rdsense.com/privacy
Home
Our Work
Know How
Approach
Blog
Our Story
Avatars
Contact Us
PRIVACY3RD SENSE is committed to the protection of personal information provided by you to the 3RD SENSE website.This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, use and dissemination by 3RD SENSE of your personal information ('Your Personal Information'). Access to the contents of this Site is conditional upon your approval of the Privacy Policy.If necessary, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should review our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are satisfied and consent to all amendments to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this website following any amendments is valid confirmation of your acceptance to the amendments.COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYour Personal Information is collected to enhance your use of the website and continually improve our website.Some of the information collected will not personally identify you but instead track your use of the Site. We obtain this information by our use of 'Cookies'. Cookies are commonly used by websites on the Internet and are a feature usually placed in your hard drive that recognizes and identifies your computer. The Cookie does not contain any information that personally identifies you and we do not use Cookies in order to obtain such information. Your browser should allow you to refuse Cookies if you desire.We will collect information that does personally identify you for subscription to our weekly newsletter, (this may include your name, email address and company), for marketing and promotional efforts and to improve our content and service offerings. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION3RD SENSE will use all reasonable endeavours to maintain the security of Your Personal Information.We require our staff and service providers to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Information.Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that Your Personal Information will always be secure during transmission or from unauthorised access during storage. Please contact 3RD SENSE immediately if you become aware or have reason to believe there has been any unauthorised use of Your Personal Information.USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION3RD SENSE will not disclose information that personally identifies you to third parties.3RD SENSE may provide certain information about you to its related bodies corporate.3RD SENSE may use your personal information to send you information about the products or services of commercial sponsors, advertisers, business partners or associates located both in and outside Australia ('3RD SENSE Partners').ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION3RD SENSE will use all reasonable endeavours to keep Your Personal Information accurate. Please Contact Us to examine Your Personal Information if required. We will use reasonable endeavours to provide a complete list of Your Personal Information within 14 days of receipt of your enquiry.You may Contact Us to amend any of Your Personal Information that is inaccurate or request that Your Personal Information be deleted. We will use reasonable endeavours to amend or delete your records as requested within 14 days of receipt of notice. If applicable, any legal requirement on 3RD SENSE to maintain certain records of Your Personal Information shall prevail over any of your requests.DISCLAIMER3RD SENSE will only collect, use or disclose information that personally identifies you as set out in this Privacy Policy unless in our opinion 3RD SENSE is required by law to protect the rights or property of 3RD SENSE or any third party, or to avoid injury to any person.This Privacy Policy only applies to this website not to other websites which are linked to it. You should check the privacy policy of any other websites you enter.CONTACT USIf you have any queries regarding this Privacy Policy or would like to read, amend or delete any of Your Personal Information, please contact 3RD SENSE.
Let’s Start a Conversation about your next Project.
Contact Us
Remember, You’re in good company…
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
We respect your privacy.
Thank you! We’ll keep you updated!
We design, develop and deploy games, gamification software, apps, websites, software, software as a service, web apps, multiplayer games, single player games, serious games, admin systems and more.