http://www.triviahalloffame.com/legal.php#privacy
About Us
Play Trivia
Buy Trivia
Trivia On Trivia
Interviews
Inductees
Reviews
Essays
Ottawa Trivia
User Login
Inductees
Smarty Pants
Vote
Legal Matters
This section looks at some of the important legal issues
around this site, including intellectual property, limits of
liability and, most importantly, privacy
and the terms of use for those
buying our questions.
Copyright
Facts can't be copyrighted, but the expression of facts
can be. The materials on this site are all under copyright
of Cornerstone Word Company. Don't reproduce our trivia questions under any
circumstances unless you get our
permission first. If you're going to steal our stuff, at
least stay on the right side of the law and rewrite it
substantially. You may link to this site, but do not
mirror any of the pages on this site.
The coding for the 12-question game was done by Suresh
Ramasubramanian, based on public domain content.
Related link: Fred L Worth's
copyright infringement lawsuit against Trivial Pursuit
Trademarks
The Trivia Hall of Fame (TM) is trademarked by
Cornerstone Word Company, formerly Cornerstone Creative
Communications Inc.
Nothing on this site should be construed as a challenge
to any existing trademark held by anybody anywhere in the
world.
Links
Cornerstone does not endorse any site to which we
link. These external information
sources are outside our control. It is the responsibility of
Internet users to make their own decisions about the
accuracy, currency, reliability and correctness of
information found. Although care is taken to provide links
to suitable material, the nature of the Internet prevents
the guaranteeing of suitability, completeness or accuracy of
any material that this site may be linked to. From time to
time, some sites are bought out or lose their domain names
to people who place unsuitable content in the site's place;
please be aware of this.
You may link to any page on our site, but you may not
mirror our material unless you ask first.
Warranties and limits of liability
Although we make every reasonable effort to ensure that
all material is accurate, we make no warranty whatsoever
that this is the case, and accept no liability whatsoever
for errors or mistakes in the questions. This site is meant
for entertainment only. Do not use it for medical, legal or
professional advice of any kind.
By proceeding to the information beyond this notice, each
user waives and releases Cornerstone Word Company to the
full extent permitted by law from any and all claims
relating to the usage of material or information made
available through the system. Subject to any terms implied
by law which cannot be excluded, in no event shall
Cornerstone Word Company be liable for any losses or
damages, including incidental or consequential damages,
resulting from use of the material.
Governing authority
Cornerstone recognizes the authority
of the United Nations, the Government of Canada, the
Province of Ontario and the City of Ottawa. We do not
recognize the authority of other jurisdictions, save where
they have entered into agreements with the above, or where
we have explicitly agreed to do so in specific contracts.
Privacy
statement
(For a good essay on stopping spam, we'd recommend this
site:
http://www.spamprimer.com)
Tell on us!
If you think we're spamming you, we'd prefer you to air
your complaint with us. But you can also rat on us by
e-mailing our ISP:
abuse@terabit.ca.
Getting on and getting off our
list
As part of our anti-spam policy, we always take people
off their list whenever they want us to. We get several such
requests every week. You can also manually
unsubscribe yourself.
Your personal info
The only times we ask for personal information are when
people you register for an account. Your real name and
hometown are totally optional. You are welcome to lie about your personal
information. We ask for hometowns so that we can create
fairer questions. For example, with so many players from
India and Australia, we often include questions specifically
for those audiences.
Respecting your privacy
We do not sell, trade, give away or otherwise share or
reveal any of this information.
The only conceivable exceptions are that we may disclose
your personal information if required to do so in the
good-faith belief that doing so conforms to the edicts of
the law or complies with legal process served on the
Cornerstone Word Company or the site; or that doing so
protects and defends our rights or property; or that doing
so under exigent circumstances protects the personal safety
of our users, the public or ourselves. In other words, the
odds of our actually doing so are pretty close to zero.
Except in relation to the site itself, we will not send
you unsolicited information, commercial offers or
advertisements, including e-mail. (But there may be ads
within the regular e-mails themselves.) There are two minors
exceptions. First, we sometimes need help writing questions
for clients and we may contact you if we have reason to
think you would be interested in this. Second, if you live
in Ottawa or environs, I may e-mail you about local trivia
events.
Cookies and transmission security
We track the number of hits on the various pages of
the site, but can't really tell who goes where. You only
need cookies enabled to play the Daily Dozens and to see
your standing in the Trivia Hall of Fame (TM).
Note that we don't use encryption, so it is technically
possible for someone to intercept the messages you send. Why
anybody would care to do this, I can't guess, but it is
possible.
If you think we have not complied with this policy,
please let us
know.
Toggle navigation
Links
Privacy
Feedback
Site Map
Help
Newsletter Unsubscribe
×
Login to your account
User Login
User Name:
Password:
Login Now
Register •
Forgot your password?