http://www.lkessler.com/privacy.shtml
Privacy Notice for Louis Kessler's Websites
Last update: Thursday May 14, 2020
This disclosure applies to all my websites:
lkessler.com
beholdgenealogy.com
doublematchtriangulator.com
gensoftreviews.com
What Data I Collect
None of your personal data that I collect will ever be given away or shared with any third party. The data will be stored securely by me and you will never be spammed by me. If you want your personal data removed, email me and I will respond and honour your request. My email address is displayed at the bottom of all my web pages.
Your name and email address, a userid, password and IP address
I ask for this information on my Behold site if you want to set up an account so that you can discuss topics on my Behold Forum or add comments to my Behold Blog. This is to prevent spam and to ensure that only people who are interested in my products participate. It also will allow you if you want to add a link to your website from all your messages. The password is stored encrypted and neither I nor anyone else can de-encrypt it.
The IP address is only used only to display the country your request is from. The blog comments and forum will only display your userid and name and country (with a cute little flag), but will never display your email address or IP address.
Your name, email address and IP address
When you request a trial key for my Behold software on my Download Page, I will store your information to keep track of how many trials of Behold I receive. Additionally, you can also check a box to subscribe or continue to receive my Behold Newsletter, which is published only to subscribers on a very infequent basis (no more than once a month). The box by default is unchecked. Each newsletter has links to unsubscribe. I keep track of every person who has subscribed to my newsletter and when they subscribed to comply with anti-spamming laws.
Your name and email address.
I ask for your feedback about my products on my Behold Feedback page. my Double Match Triangulator Feedback page and my GenSoftReviews Suggest a Program page. After giving me feedback, I may email you back if you are asking for a response or if I have a question, but you won't be spammed.
Your name and IP address.
I developed and maintain GenSoftReviews, a website that accepts and displays and summarizes user ratings and reviews of genealogy software. Your name will be displayed as it was given. There are no checks that your name is really your name and no email address is collected. The IP address is collected to detect and prevent spam.
Where you live, your age group and gender
I have a couple of surveys, for Mummies Alive and The New Addams Family that were set up many years ago for fun and ask for where you live, age group and gender in order to group responses, but do not ask for your name or email address or any other uniquely identifying information. Individual responses are not kept online. They are summarized for Mummies Alive but haven't been tabulated yet for Addams Family (One day I should get around to it).
Your name, location and IP address.
My SOMA petition was designed a number of years ago to collect names for a possible future attempt to show fan support to resurrect the TV show. For that reason names are collected along with where you live (city, state/prov, country) but no email address is asked for. The IP address is saved simply to check that one person is not submitting multiple entries over and over with different names. This data has never been used and although it is being collected, it likely will never be used. If it ever gets used, it will only be for the purpose intended. This data is not kept online.
What Data Third Parties Collect
Your name, email address, street address, phone number and payment information
I sell two software products:
Behold and Double Match Triangulator, on web pages that look like my site: Behold Buy Now! and Double Match Triangulator Buy Now! but are hosted securely by FastSpring. FastSpring handles the purchase and product fulfillment of my products. FastSpring is an accredited business that adheres to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), is also General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliant for European Union (EU) residents, and is regularly audited. When purchasing products, FastSpring asks for your name, email address, street address, phone number and payment card information. They do not store credit card numbers. Your name, email address, street address and phone number are made available to me and I store just your name and email address as proof of your purchase to allow me to honor my lifetime license promise. I do not make any other use of your name or email address. You will not be spammed or get on any email lists and I will not give your information away to any other parties, nor will FastSpring. Here is FastSpring's Privacy Statement.
Your IP address and webpages visited and when
Google Analytics and Quantcast collect standard traffic information for my websites. This does not include any personally identifying information. I use traffic information to see the number of accesses to my webpages in order to assess the interest in the material I am publishing. This information is maintained by Google and Quantcast respectively who have their own privacy policies: Google Privacy Policy; Quantcast Privacy Policy
My web hosting company maintains server logs that record each web page access along with IP addresses but no personally identifying information. I occassionally access these logs mainly for site maintenance purposes.
The Data You Enter is Secure
In May 2020, I converted all my sites to use a SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) certificate from Let's Encrypt and use the https protocol insteal of http. Now my sites should show up as secure in your web browser.
This means none of the data you enter on any page on any of my sites are encrypted and cannot be can be decrypted by any third party. This keeps your information private and out of the eyes of others.
Any comments you enter on my Behold blog, Behold forum or GenSoftReviews are public. If you would like any of your content removed, email me and I will remove it.
There still may be a few insecure images are linked to from some pages on my sites. I am working to remove or replace these images from my site so that web browsers will report all my pages as fully secure. Until this is completed, these "mixed content" images will not affect the security of any of your data.
My Home Page
What's New |
Your Last Stop
My Family Research |
My Genealogical Activities
Jewish Heritage Centre |
Cem Photo Project |
Jewish Winnipeg Links
Beginning Genealogy |
Jewish Gen Links |
Speaker Topics
GenSoftReviews
Computer Chess |
Game Viewer |
Chess & CC Links
Cheryl |
Brenna |
Brittany
New Addams Family |
Mummies Alive! |
SOMA
Behold
You can reach me by e-mail at:
- my Privacy Notice
Copyright ©
Louis Kessler
All Rights Reserved