http://www.bingoweekly.com/privacy-policy/
Log In
Your Online Bingo Magazine
Home
Online Bingo News
About
About Bingo Weekly
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Friday, December 11 2020
Recent Posts
Join the Bingo Blowout Fashion Show Every Evening to Win Big
Say Yes Please to a No Deposit Bonus
Blast into Outer Space with Ritzy Bingo
Skrill makes easy at Gina Bingo
Bargain bingo transport at Bingo Blowout
Archives
May 2012
April 2012
December 2009
October 2009
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Use and storage of your personal information
When you supply any personal information to a Bingo Entertainment operated website (e.g. for reviews, competitions or any other user contributions on a Bingo Entertainment operated website) we have legal obligations towards you in the way we use such data. We must collect the information fairly; that is, we must explain how we will use it (see the notices on particular webpages that let you know why we are requesting the information) and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else.
We must collect the information fairly; that is, we must explain how we will use it (see the notices on particular webpages that let you know why we are requesting the information) and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else.
In general, any information you provide to Bingo Entertainment will only be used within Bingo Entertainment and by its agents and service providers. However, we reserve the right to disclose any third party material or information where we are obliged or permitted by law. If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to Bingo Entertainment or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on Bingo Entertainment, Bingo Entertainment reserve the right to remove such content and/or can use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school, e-mail/Internet provider and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met. For safety reasons, however, Bingo Entertainment may store messaging transcript data (including message content, member names, times and dates) arising from the use of Bingo Entertainment Community services indefinitely. Where personal information is held for people who have taken part in other Bingo Entertainment services (e.g. competitions), that information will be held as long as is necessary to ensure that the service is run smoothly. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you are notified by us that your information may be used to allow Bingo Entertainment to contact you for “administrative purposes” or “promotional offers”, this means that Bingo Entertainment may contact you for a number of purposes related to the service you have signed up for. For example, we may wish to provide you with password reminders or notify you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance. We will not contact you for promotional purposes, such as notifying you of improvements to the service or new services on Bingo Entertainment unless you specifically agree to be contacted for such purposes at the time you submit your information on the site, or at a later time if you sign up specifically to receive such promotional information.
PRIVACY POLICY
1 We will collect information about your personal details when you tell us what these are and by analysis of traffic on the Website, including by using cookies.
1.2 A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. On revisiting the Website our computer server may recognise the cookie, giving us information about your last visit. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use most of the features of the Website.
1.2.1 We use cookies for recognition purposes at logon through the use of a persistent cookie placed on your hard drive. We also use standard cookies to track activity around the site. We may also use cookies to track any click through from promotional emails sent by Bingo Entertainment Ltd and/or selected partners.
2 We use information collected about you to help us (a) develop the design and layout of the Website to ensure that it is as useful and enjoyable as possible and (b) provide the products and services which interest you. Sometimes this information may also be used by us and our associated companies to inform you about changes to the Website, new services and products or offers that you might find interesting. If you do not wish to receive this information, please send an email to support@bingoentertainment.net. We may at our discretion choose to sell, trade, rent or otherwise disclose your personal information to trustworthy third parties situated within the EEA or in countries approved by the Data Protection Commissioner. You may instruct us not to do by sending an email to support@bingoentertainment.net.
3 In addition, we may provide aggregate statistics about our services, competitions, clients, traffic patterns and other site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you. In the event that your personal details become untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, or in any event, you have the right to access your personal details and may rectify the same.
You agree that you do not object to us, our associated companies or such third parties contacting you for any of the above purposes whetherby email and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999.
4 We reserve the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests or requests by the police investigating suspected illegal activities, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves or other Users. We also reserve the right to disclose individually identifiable information to third parties if a complaint arises concerning your use of the Website, and that use is deemed by us inconsistent with the Conditions.
5 When you input information or request services from us, we offer appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security measures in order that you may input information safely whilst effectively preventing that information from being accessed by unauthorised persons. In addition, we have strict security procedures covering the storage and disclosure of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access to comply with the UK Data Protection Act 1998. This means that sometimes we may ask for proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy issues and the design of the Website. Should you have such comments or have a complaint about how we are using your personal data, please send an email to support@bingoentertainment.net.
Leave a Reply
Click here to cancel reply.
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Categories
Online Bingo News
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« May
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Blogroll
About Bingo
Bingo Cards
Bingo Facts
Bingo Glossary
Bingo News
Bingo Numbers
BingoSeek.co.uk
History of Bingo
Copyright © 2020 Bingo Weekly. All Rights Reserved. | T&C's Apply | gambleaware.co.uk | 18+