http://www.showdog.com/general/privacy.aspx
Show Results |
Dogs for Sale |
Tools & Stats
Sign Up | Help | Contact Us
Thursday, December 10, 2020, 11:51:17 PM
Password :
Forgot your password?
Username or E-mail :
Keep
me logged in
SIGN UPView My Info Page
$--
BALANCE
--TOTAL DOGS
My Kennel
Inbox
Quick SOP
Sessions
Assistants
My Entries
My Results
Community
Forum
My Posts
Latest Topics
Chat Room
User List
Shows
Schedule
Obedience
Top Kennels
Top Dogs
Market Place
Dogs for Sale
Stud Dogs
Information
Breeds
Privacy Policy
.com · Privacy Policy
This is the web site of
Showdog.com and is owned by Third Row Productions, LLC.Our
postal address is
1702 Twilight Bluff
San Antonio, TX 78260
We can be reached via e-mail at
admin@showdog.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 210-380-7459For
each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes
only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where
possible).
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post
messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of
those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate
information on what pages consumers access or visit,
user-specific information on what pages consumers access
or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such
as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the
content of our Web page, used to customize the content
and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store
visitors preferences, record session information, such
as items that consumers add to their shopping cart,
record user-specific information on what pages users
access or visit, customize Web page content based on
visitors' browser type or other information that the
visitor sends.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the
future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the
above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you
will only receive the information for which you provided
us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers
on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with
information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you
offers that are of interest to you, we have
relationships with other companies that we allow to
place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to
our site, ad server companies may collect information
such as your domain type, your IP address and
clickstream information. For further information,
consult the privacy policies of:
http://www.google.com/privacy.html
From time to time, we may use customer information
for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in
our privacy notice. If our information practices change
at some time in the future we will contact you before we
use your data for these new purposes to notify you of
the policy change and to provide you with the ability to
opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy
changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes
and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new
uses. If you are concerned about how your information is
used, you should check back at our Web site
periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to
all information [including proprietary information] that
we maintain about them, financial information (e.g.,
credit card account information) that we maintain about
them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer
number or password) that we maintain about them,
transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers
made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we
maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at
the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have
inaccuracies corrected in contact information, unique
identifiers, transaction information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending
us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and
receive certain types of sensitive information such as
financial or health information, we redirect visitors to
a secure server and will notify visitors through a
pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its
stated information policy, you may contact us at the
above addresses or phone number.
.com · Privacy Policy
Did you know?
A specialty show may be regional or national. A "Best in Show" win at a national specialty show is tremendously prestigious, indicating that the winning dog or bitch triumphed at a contest which attracted entries from the most serious fanciers of that breed in the country or continent. Some specialty shows attract international entries.
Our Games
Showcats.com
Showcattle.com
Showgoat.com
Showhog.com
Showhorse.com
Showlamb.com
Showrabbits.com
Trophyhorse.com
Showdog.com
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Get in Touch
Showdog.com
P.O. Box 913
Spring Branch, TX
78070
Phone: 210.380.7459This is a game.The dogs are not real.
Copyright © 2013
Third Row Productions, LLC.