http://www.soccerpunter.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 07, 2007
SoccerPunter Pte. Ltd. ('soccerpunter')
recognizes the privacy concerns of visitors to its site on
the Internet. Please read the following policy to understand
how your personal information will be treated as you make
full use of our many offerings. This policy may change from
time to time so please check back periodically.
The purpose of this statement is to set
out how we use personal information that we may obtain about
you. By either registering as a user of any services provided
by soccerpunter on this website and by using the soccerpunter
web site generally you agree to this use. This policy does
not apply to the practices of companies that SoccerPunter.com
does not own or control, or to people that SoccerPunter.com
does not employ or manage.
1. Use of your Personal Information
1.1. When you register and use this site:
You will be asked to provide certain information such as your
contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers
or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement
with you.
1.2. We may use information that you provide
or that is obtained by us:
(a) To register you with our web site and to administer our
web site services;
(b) for assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer and
product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve
the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you
and other customers with relevant information through our
marketing programme. We may use your information to make decisions
about you using computerised technology, for example automatically
selecting products or services which we think will interest
you from the information we have. We may keep you informed
of such products and services (including special offers, discounts,
offers, competitions and so on by any of the following methods:
email
telephone (including automated calls)
SMS text message and other electronic messages such as
picture messaging
post
fax
or otherwise (including products and services of other
companies and organisations) which we consider may be of
interest to you. If you do not wish Argos to receive information
of such products and services, please tick the opt-out box
provided when registering on this website.
(c) To administer any prize draws or competitions you may
enter.
1.3. We may supplement the information that you provide to
us with information that we receive from third parties.
2. Disclosure of Your Information
2.1. We may give information about you to the following,
who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:
(a) to other companies in the Group;
(b) to employees and agents of the Group to administer any
accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group
now or in the future;
(c) agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we
may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs;
(d) to other organisations for the administration of prize
draws or competitions.
(e) to anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights
and duties under our agreement with you;
(f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to
do so.
3. Cookies
3.1. New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help
us to deliver customised visitor experiences. In particular,
there is a technology called "cookies" which may
be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised
information from our web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to
your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies
allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements,
to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and
to determine the most popular areas of our web site. Depending
on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make
our web site more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies
allow us to save your password so that you do not have to
re-enter it every time you visit our web site.
If you wish, you can usually adjust your browser so that
your computer does not accept cookies. If you do this, you
will still be able to browse around the site but the functions
that allow you to add set up a new account or access an existing
account will not be available.
3.2. Please remember, cookies do not contain confidential
information such as your home address, telephone number or
credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third
party websites or external data suppliers.
3.3. Your browser also generates other information, including
which language the site is displayed in, and your Internet
Protocol address ("IP address"). An IP address is
a set of numbers which is assigned to your computer during
a browsing session whenever you log on to the Internet via
your internet service provider or your network (if you access
the Internet from, for example, a computer at work). Your
IP address is automatically logged by our servers and used
to collect traffic data about visitors to our web sites. We
do not use your IP address to identify you personally.
3.4. We only keep cookies for the duration of your visit to
our website, except where you save your login name as referred
to above.
3.5. Advertisements on some of our pages set and access their
cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies
is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers
or other companies do not have access to SoccerPunter.com's
cookies.
How can I get my name removed for the soccerpunter.com
mailing list?
If you want to be removed from our mailing list, please send
an email to admin@soccerpunter.com with the
word 'unsubscribe' in the subject line and the email address
that you wish to be removed within the email. Please note
that it may take up to 28 days to action your request.
How do I change any details stored on soccerpunter.com?
To change any of your registered details on soccerpunter.com,
at the homepage under member login column, enter your login
name and password. Once logged in change any of the details
shown and click ‘update profile'.
What else should I know about my privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose
personal information online - for example on message boards,
through email, or in chat areas - that information can be
collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal
information online that is accessible to the public, you may
receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
For further information about soccerpunter, please
read our Terms and conditions.
Match Preview and News
Soccer Tips
In-Play 1X2 and Asian Handicap Soccer Tips increase your winning opportunity.
Read More
Today Match Fixtures
Want to bet on a match today? Check out the list of today match fixtures.
Read More
Soccer Match Results
Get the match results for all the soccer matches around the globe. Inclusive of half-time, full-time results.
Read More
Soccer Tipsters Competition
Are you an expert in soccer betting? Join SoccerPunter Tipsters competition to challenge against the top football tipsters and win prizes!
Read More
Copyright © 2002-2020 SoccerPunter Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.
A-Z Menu
Statement
Review
My Pick