http://www.pokeroutlet.com/privacy.html
In Stock Fedex Items Ship
Out for FREE THE SAME DAY
If
Ordered By 1pm Monday - Thursday*
Fast Free Delivery!!
615-997-0777
Quick Question?
For Prompt Email
Response Click Here
REAL Poker
Store W/ 50K Sales In 11 Years!
Home
View Cart
Folding Poker
Tables
Pedestal Poker
Tables
Kestell Poker
Tables
Poker Table Tops
Poker Table Chairs
Poker Table Covers
Poker Accessories
Copag & Kem
Poker Cards
Poker Card Guards
Game Room Poker Signs
Clay Poker Chip Sets
Black Jack Tables
Craps & Roulette Tables
Delivery Time By States
About Us / Contact Us
Poker Outlet In The News
FAQs
Return Policy / Warranty
PokerOutlet.com &  Product Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Poker Related Links
Privacy Policy
PokerOutlet.com knows that you care how your personal information is
used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and
sensibly.
Any information shared by you for the purpose of
purchasing one of our products will only be used internally by PokerOutlet.com. None of your information is ever given to, sold, or exchange with any 3rd
party organization. This information, includes, but it not limited to:
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our
partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to
obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may
need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Home and business phone number
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our
partners, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we
may retain the content of your email messages together with your email
address and our responses for archiving purposes. We provide the same
protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the
maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, PokerOutlet.com uses personal information for
purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer
service and making available other PokerOutlet.com products and services to our
customers. Occasionally, we may also use the
information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web
site, new services and special PokerOutlet.com offers we think you will find valuable.
The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and
managed under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard
the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information. As a
customer, you will be given the opportunity, at least once annually, to
notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
* Monday through Thursday
Only (excluding US Holidays). Free same day shipping by 1pm Eastern
time for Fedex Ground items is not guaranteed. For
Nashville in stock items only. Unexpected high sales volume can cause some orders to be delayed 1 business day. Normal delivery time for Fedex Ground orders are
1 - 5 business days (see delivery map). For products being shipped by LTL truck, or by suppliers in the
U.S.,
see delivery time on specific product's web  page, or your receipt.
* No minimum purchase required. Free
shipping is to the Contiguous US States and to physical addresses only. We
can not accept orders from PO boxes, Hawaii, Alaska,
Canada, or any international orders.
Copyright
2012
[PokerOutlet.com]. All Rights Reserved.