http://www.speedstacks.com/terms-of-use/
menu
Shop
Instructors
Stackers
StackTube
Learn to Stack
(0)
Shop
Instructors
Stackers
StackTube
Learn to Stack
(0)
Online
Group Order
Instructor
Getting Started
Overview
Loaner Program
FREE School Demo
Specialty Programs
Day Camps / After School
Churches
Teach Sport Stacking
Overview
Physical Distancing
K-2 Lessons
3-6+ Lessons
Cardio Activities
Fitness Stacking
Outdoor Stacking
Multiplayer Stacking
Stacking@Home
Equipment
Group Order
Direct Group Order
Bulk Sets
Personal PE Kits
Skillastics
Instructor Store
Sport Pack Warranty
Resources
History
Benefits & Studies
How To Stack
Forms
Speed Stacks Account
Learn how To Stack
Training Videos
Improve Your Times
Sponsored Stackers
Top Global Stackers
Speed Stacks Store
Sets
Packages
Accessories
Fun Stuff
Stacking@Home NEW
iPhone / iPod Touch Games
How You Rank
Sport Stacking Videos
Free Stuff
The Sport
World Sport Stacking Association
World Records
Find Tournaments
Your Dashboard
Profile
logout
Home
terms of use
Terms of Use
Scroll to Top
We want to make this site a place where families can surf together, and where parents and caregivers are happy to have their children visit.
We encourage our visitors to read through and understand both our privacy statement and this Terms of Use for this web site. We may update both from time to time to address new issues or reflect changes on our site. Please refer to these statements regularly.
Your family's use of this site is conditioned on your having accepted these Terms of Use. Please note, your use of the speedstacks.com Web site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
If you have any comments or questions, please contact us.
Use of the speedstacks.com Web site
This web site is to be for personal use only. You may not distribute, exchange, modify, sell or transmit anything copied from this site, including but not limited to text, images, audio, video, for any business, commercial or public purpose. By complying with these Terms of Use, speedstacks.com gives non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to enter, display and use this web site. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this web site in any way.
External Links
Occasionally, you will find links from speedstacks.com to independently owned, controlled, and/or managed Websites whose content we believe will be of possible interest and value to our visitors.
speedstacks.com is not responsible for the content of any site linked to or from the web site. While speedstacks.com may provide links on this web site to other sites, the inclusion of such links is for your convenience and should not be interpreted as an endorsement of the owner/sponsor of other sites or the content they contain. We don't control the content of these links. These other sites may send you their own cookies, collect data, or solicit personal information. We do not control these cookies or the content of these third parties. speedstacks.com disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy, validity, legality or otherwise of any materials or information contained on a non-speedstacks.com site.
Since we cannot be assured that links to outside sites follow our safety or privacy guidelines, we encourage families to discuss these choices together. We are not responsible for the content or safety and privacy practices at any sites linked from our pages.
We will continue to empower our visitors by helping them to make informed choices.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you use the World Wide Web. Web servers — the big computers that "serve up" Web pages — automatically identify your computer by its IP address.
speedstacks.com collects IP addresses for system administration; to report aggregate information to our company; and to audit the use of our site. When visitors request pages from the speedstacks.com' site, our servers log the guests' IP addresses. We normally do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of service, or to protect our service, site, customers, or other individuals.
Liability
All product information, specifications and applied uses are made to the company's best knowledge to be true and accurate and based on speedstacks.com' own research and the research of others. All product information, specifications and applied uses are not intended to constitute a record of suitability for any use since individual project conditions are beyond speedstacks.com' control. speedstacks.com assumes no liability in connection with any use of information, specifications and applied usage of any products.
Use of this web site is at your own risk. speedstacks.com makes no warranties of the web site's accuracy and speedstacks.com specifically disclaims any liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this web site. Neither speedstacks.com nor any other party involved in creating, producing, delivering, or maintaining the web site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or inability to use or access, this web site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the web site is provided to you AS IS without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
speedstacks.com assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or for viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property through your access of or use of the web site, browsing of the web site, or the downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the web site.
More Legal Stuff
Materials displayed on the web site: the use of these materials by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission is provided elsewhere on the web site or permission is directly granted from speedstacks.com. Any unauthorized use of the text, images, audio and video may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, civil and criminal statutes.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold speedstacks.com and all of its agents, directors, employees, information providers, licensors and licensees, officers and partners harmless from, and against any and all liability and cost (including, without limitation, attorney's fees and costs) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use or the foregoing representations, warranties, and covenants. You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in speedstacks.com' defense or in any claim.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Speed Stacks
11 Inverness Way South
Englewood, Colorado 80112
United States
info@speedstacks.com
International
Store Locator
Sport Stacking News:
required.
Speed Stacks
Store
Instructors
Stackers
StackTube
The WSSA
theWSSA.com
Records
Tournaments
Clubs
Recent WSSA Headlines
2020 STACK UP! has Started
2019-2020 TGS Members
Exciting NEW Changes for the 2020 STACK UP!
Blue Jumbo Hat Madness. William Orrell's 4.472 Fastest On The Web Cycle
Contact
Speed Stacks, Inc.
11 Inverness Way South
Englewood, CO 80112
Phone: 877-GOT-CUPS (877-468-2877) or 303-663-8083
Fax: 303-663-8580
Email: info@speedstacks.com
Copyright © 2000-2020 Speed Stacks, Inc. Terms of use Privacy Policy