https://www.denki.co.uk/terms-of-use/
Home
About
Words
Archive
Contact
Terms of Use
If you use our website, and especially if you comment or post on the site, we expect you to obey the same rule Bill S. Preston, Esq. would: “Be Excellent To Each Other”.
Wise words indeed – if it was up to us, we’d leave it there.
However, we’re told some people expect us to be a little more specific, and so below you’ll find “Be Excellent To Each Other” translated into the ancient language of Legalese. It’s not a language many people speak these days – hence the summary above for most normal people – but if you’re interested (or just looking for a compelling reason to practice your Legalese), feel free to read on…
Last Revised: May 31, 2009
Please read these terms very carefully before entering this website and by entering the website you agree to these terms. If you do not agree you should not enter the website.
1. Ownership
This website belongs to Denki Limited (“Denki”) and it and its contents and any related services provided in conjunction with the website (hereinafter “related services”) are protected by copyright and all other relevant Intellectual Property Rights. Reproduction of any part or parts of this website or related services or any of their respective contents is only allowed (a) in accordance with these Terms and Conditions or (b) with the prior written permission of Denki.
2. Licence
Denki grants you a limited a non-exclusive, non-transferrable licence to access and use the website its content and related services to download information contained to a single personal computer and to print hardcopy of the content of the website and related services solely for personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify any such content or make use of it for any purpose other than that which Denki allow you to do.
3. Conduct
By entering the website you agree that:-
(a) You will only use the website or related services and their respective content for lawful purposes;
(b) You will not do anything which interferes with any other user using the website or related services and their respective content;
(c) You will not create upload or post any material on to the website or related services which is contrary to public policy, immoral or indecent.
(d) You will not create, upload or post on to the website or related services any material which would breach the Intellectual Property Rights of anyone else.
4. Availability
Denki exclude any representation or warranty that the content of the website or related services will be accurate, complete or current nor does it warrant that the website or related services and/or their respective contents will be uninterrupted or error free.
5. Access
By entering the website you agree to abide by these terms and conditions and if you don’t Denki has the right to block, suspend or terminate access. If your use of the content on the website or related services requires you to open an account you will provide all details required by Denki which will be correct in all material circumstances. You shall be solely liable to maintain the integrity of any password and account details you use in connection with your accessing the website or related services and their respective content and will be solely liable for any unauthorised use by anybody else which causes problems for you or for any other user of the website or related services or their respective content if there is no fault of Denki.
6. Submission
Subject to these Terms and Conditions you can submit content to the website or related services which Denki will be entitled to review and in relation to which Denki will have the sole discretion to permit it or remove it. By allowing you to enter content on the website or related services Denki is not considered as in any way endorsing any content you submit and you will be solely responsible to any user who suffers loss by using such content and you will indemnify and keep harmless Denki and its employees in respect thereof.
7. Privacy Policy
The use of this website or related services and their respective contents are subject to the provision of Denki’s Privacy Policy. You agree that by entering the website you have agreed to the terms of the Denki Privacy Policy.
8. Links
If you link into this website through a third party website or if you link from this website to a third party website then Denki has no liability whatsoever to you in relation to your use of such other websites and you must satisfy yourself with the terms of the Privacy Policies and the terms of Use of these websites before using them.
9. Amendments
Denki will put a notice on the website of any changes occurring in relation to these Terms and Conditions and shall leave it on the site for not less than 30 days. These Terms and Conditions will indicate when they were last updated.
10. Limitation of Liability
10.1 Denki are not responsible or liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential special exemplary punitive or other damages arising out of or relating in any way to the website or related services or its content. The only remedy to which you are entitled is to cease using the website or related services and their respective content. You will fully indemnify Denki and its employees from any and all claims or demands resulting from your use of the website or related services and their respective content.
10.2 The website or related services and its content are provided without any representation, term, condition or warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied (or whether implied by law, custom or otherwise) in respect of the website or related services and/or their respective contents.
11. Applicable Law
The Law of Scotland shall apply to these Terms and Conditions and if there is any dispute the matter shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish Courts and by entering the website you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the Scottish Courts.