https://www.vendingconnection.com/privacy-statement/
Search for:
Home
About
FREE Vending Newsletter
Advertise
Classified Ad Purchase
Routes For Sale Lead Purchase
Display Ads Purchase
Yellow Pages Ad Purchase
Yellow Pages
Coffee Service
International Vending Suppliers
Vending Operators Directory
Suppliers Directory
eBooks
Office Coffee Service eBook
Vending Start-Up E-Kit
Bulk Vending Ebook
Vending Buyers Phone Guide eBook
Coin Operated Amusement eBook Guide
Contact
Privacy Statement for Vending Connection
YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO US!
Here at VendingConnection.com© we have high standards of commitment to your privacy – This site is owned and operated by Vending Connection. Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us & we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. VendingConnection.com© website is not set up to automatically collect personal – identifiable information from visitors to our Web site.
This privacy notice applies to all information collected from or submitted. Web links listed on our website may operate under their own privacy policy notices. Our Vending Resource Directory Web site contains links to other Web sites operated by third parties. Vending Connection is not responsible for the privacy practices or policies of such third-party Web sites.
Order Forms:
Our online internet order forms are website secure. We do not sell or redistribute any information submitted through our order forms.
Website Content: We do not endorse any adult content websites. Please notify us of any content updates needed (i.e. bad links, email addresses, phone numbers).
Spam/Fraud: To report any email spam or fraud go to: www.bbb.org or www.ftc.gov and you can file a complaint.
Consumers who think they have been taken advantage of by a spam scam can file a complaint with the FTC online at www.ftc.gov. Complaints will help the FTC find and stop people who are using spam to defraud consumers.
**You can report any scams to www.ftc.gov/complaint. Please especially report any scam that started with an email and resulted in you losing money.
We can help you with any questions you may have over the phone if you prefer. If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write or e-mail us at the following address.
VendingConnection.com
11936 W. 119th Street, #168, Overland Park, KS 66213
Phone: 800-956-8363, Local: 913-952-9230, Email Us
Contact us for advertising options. Click here for advertising rates.
As always, we wish you much success with your online internet advertising goals!
©VendingConnection.com website is designed to provide the viewer information on vending machine
suppliers and related coin operated industries. Many resources have been used to compile this information.
To our knowledge, all information is public accessible and we do not endorse the listed and related businesses.
We recommend to contact the businesses and resources directly for any further knowledge and seek professional council.
If you are receiving mail from us, this usually means we have been in contact with you;
either from website, books that you ordered from us directly, or your questions sent by email.
You will be given options to opt-out of any of our emailings and/or emailed newsletters.
We used Safesubscribe with Constant Contact for all our opt in and opt out emails.
We wish you much success!! From The VC Staff at Vending Connection.
Vending Technology News | More News | Vending Newsletter sign up | Questions? Contact us | SUBMIT PRESS RELEASE
Also see: Software Companies | Technology Companies | Micro Markets | Cashless Vending Solutions | Distributors | Classified Ads | Routes for sale | Vending Companies USA | VendLoco Lists | Home |
VENDING YELLOW PAGES DIRECTORIES:
Vending Suppliers Directory
Vending Companies USA
Vending Companies Canada
Vending Companies International
OCS Office Coffee Companies USA
Call us at 1-800-956-8363, POST YOUR COMPANY, GET NEW BUSINESS!
© VendingConnection.com - Copyright 1996-2020, All rights reserved.
Privacy | Contact | Advertise | Classifieds | Ebooks | Routes for sale | Site Map | Home