http://www.ffwa.eu/policy.php
Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart
XIII
XII
XI
X
IX
VIII
VII
VI
V
T
Home | Forums | Search
Home » FFWA
Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart Privacy Policy
Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart herein referred to as FFWA respects the privacy of the personal information our visitors give us, such as their name, address, telephone number and e-mail address, etc., for hosting, contests, message boards, etc. The following policy is intended to explain how we treat this information. This policy can change at anytime, so please check back from time to time.
Information and Security
We intend to protect the integrity of your personally information and have implemented technical and managerial procedures to maintain information that is accurate, current, and complete. We will make every effort to respond to your requests to correct any personal information that is inaccurate in a timely manner.
Site/Server Traffic Data
Each time a visitor comes to a FFWA web site, our servers collect some basic technical information, including, the visitor's domain name (i.e., the ISP from which the user is logged on), the sites in which the users came from and how many times a user has logged on to a specific page on our sites. We use software to keep track of traffic to our sites and derive such information as the location from which the traffic originates and which particular pages within FFWA are being viewed and for how long. After we analyze this information, we discard it. We may gather information about visitors and traffic and share these results with advertisers; generally, we will not disclose your individual identity or personally data that you supply us without your permission. This information will only be used to contact you in case you win a contest or other special event.
ContestsFFWA may sponsor sweepstakes, contests or other events from time to time which require the collection, processing and storage of certain contact and demographic information (e.g., place of residence) for use as part of the contest. Sometimes these contests may be jointly-sponsored with companies. In that case the user's contact and other information will be shared with the other company only if it is expressly stated in the rules of the contest.
However, such contests will include the option to receive e-mail from our partners regarding their products or services. If you sign up for such an e-mail list, we will release your e-mail address to our partner for the purpose of such mailings, and only for that purpose. We will not release any of your other personal information to that partner. If you do not sign up for such an e-mail list, our partners will receive no information on you -- including your e-mail address -- even if you enter the associated contest or promotion.
Surveys
FFWA may conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the site to collect certain demographic information about visitors to its site. This information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with advertisers and other third parties, but no personal details will be traceable or associated with specific.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. FFWA does not generally make use of cookies, although it is possible that they may be used in a limited way to assist in the delivery of advertisements, to identify how many unique visitors there are to the FFWA site and to track usage.
Other companies that place advertising on our site also have the ability to assign their cookies to you in a process that FFWA does not control.
In the event that FFWA starts to use Cookies more widely, they will never be used to track websites you visit other than FFWA. Some parties use cookies to view sites you visit other than their own, to assess your "viewing habits." FFWA will not subscribe to this practice.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is very important to us. For that reason, FFWA will not collect or maintain information at its web site from those actually known to be under 14, and no part of FFWA is intentionally structured to attract anyone under 14.
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
FFWA will not otherwise disclose or make use of personal information without consent of the user except as described in this privacy policy, or as required by law, court order or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority. This policy does not protect information you post to any on-line bulletin board, chat room, newsgroup or other public forum within the FFWA site.
Other Sites
FFWA may contain links to sites on our network and the Internet which are operated by others. FFWA cannot control and is not responsible for
the privacy practices or content of such web sites.
Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart TOS
This site has nothing to do with Squaresoft/Square, and is completely unofficial. 'Final Fantasy' is a registered trademark of Square. You are not permitted to copy material contained within this website, including HTML and design elements, and originally written content. Plagiarism of any kind will not be tolerated and may result in legal action if the plagiarised content is not removed after advanced notice.
In accessing Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart, you agree that you may only download content for your personal use. You are only allowed to download MP3's supplied by Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart if you own the ORIGINAL soundtrack.
Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart does not give permission for websites outside the domain 'ffwa.org' to link to any media, images and html content UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. If any site outside 'ffwa.org' is found to be doing this, legal action will be taken.
Thank You for visiting Final Fantasy: Worlds Apart!
© Final Fantasy Worlds Apart 1998-2020. Legal
Top · Back · Home