http://www.mazeplay.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Maze Owners
Maze Design Service
Ticketing
Corn Maze Games
Maze Photos
Maze Near You
Get a Quote
Privacy Policy
MazePlay.com Privacy Policy
The first and simplest, most-important point: We don’t sell, trade, or transfer your personally-identifiable information to others.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site or looking up a maze location, as appropriate, MazePlay.com uses your I.P. address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate
• We do not need an SSL because:
we make no sales through the website. It is informational only.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders. The maze finder will no longer automatically find corn mazes based on your geolocation.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. An AdSense remarketing pixel is used to guide the use of third-party vendors, including Google, showing our ads on sites across the Internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Demographics and Interests Reporting • Remarketing
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. Similarly, visitors may turn off remarketing pixels by disabling cookies on MazePlay's website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page.
Users are able to change their personal information:
• By logging in to their account.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email.
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Reply to your inquires about MazePlay products and services.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at Shawn@MazePlay.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
MazePlay.com
475 E 1000 N, Firth, ID 83236 USA
Shawn@MazePlay.com
Last Edited on 2015-04-20
- - -
MazePlay.com Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Disclaimer: You understand that it is your responsibility to ensure that the privacy policy you create is complete, accurate, and meets your companies specific privacy needs. We are not liable or responsible for any privacy policies created using our services, and we give no representations or warranties, express or implied, that the privacy policies created using our service are complete, accurate or free from errors or omissions.
MazePlay.com is a family friendly site -  we will protect our site from non-family content. We may not notify you if we feel your content is offensive - we may simply remove it and/or remove your access - however we generally do try to inform or inquire before we take such action.   We do not need to explain our decision or reasons if we reject or cancel any membership or remove any content.
Copyright The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of MazePlay.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to MazePlay.com. Copyright 2009, MazePlay.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with MazePlay.com or purchasing MazePlay.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by MazePlay.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks All trademarks, service marks and trade names of MazePlay.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of MazePlay.com.
Warranty Disclaimer This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, MazePlay.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. MazePlay.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. MazePlay.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability MazePlay.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the services and products offered on this site, or the performance of the services and products.
Typographical Errors In the event that a MazePlay.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, MazePlay.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. MazePlay.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, MazePlay.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by MazePlay.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice MazePlay.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to MazePlay.com.
Guarantees MazePlay.com offers the following guarantee. If you purchase the MazePlay.com course and for some reason you decide that you would like a refund, you have 30 days to request a refund. If you request a refund within 30 days from the date of purchase, MazePlay.com will give you a full refund of your purchase price for the course. If you do not request a refund within the 30 day refund period, you forfeit this option and will not be eligible for a refund. We do not offer refunds on any additional services that you may purchase in the members area once you are a member.
Miscellaneous Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Idaho, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of MazePlay.com products or services) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Bonneville, Idaho. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of MazePlay.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. MazePlay.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. MazePlay.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a MazePlay.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer MazePlay.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, MazePlay.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, MazePlay.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to MazePlay.com in its sole discretion.
Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless MazePlay.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, MazePlay.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with MazePlay.com, MazePlay.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of MazePlay.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, MazePlay.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Owners login
What's New
Find a Maze
Maze Photos
Own a Maze
Games
About Us
Our Story
Contact MazePlay
FAQ's
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Copyright © 2020 MazePlay
www.mazeplay.com
475 E 1000 N
Firth,
ID
Phone: 208-357-7837