http://www.tgdb.net/games/TGDB.net:Privacy_policy
TGDB.net:Privacy policy
From TGDB.net
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Contents
1 Purpose of the collection of private information
2 Details of data retention
2.1 General expectations
2.1.1 IP and other technical information
2.1.2 Cookies
2.1.3 Page history
2.1.4 User contribution
2.1.4.1 Reading projects
2.1.4.2 Editing projects
2.1.4.3 Discussions
3 Release of personally identifiable information
4 Disclaimer
Purpose of the collection of private information
TGDB.net (The Game Database) limits the collection of personally identifiable user data to purposes which serve the well-being of the website, including but not limited to the following:
To enhance the public accountability of the website. TGDB.net recognizes that any system that is open enough to allow the greatest possible participation of the general public will also be vulnerable to certain kinds of abuse and counterproductive behavior. TGDB.net administrators have established a number of mechanisms to prevent or remedy abusive activities. For example, when investigating abuse on certain pages, including the suspected use of malicious "sockpuppets" (duplicate accounts), vandalism, harassment of other users, or disruptive behavior, the IP addresses of users (derived either from those logs or from records in the database) may be used to identify the source(s) of the abusive behavior. This information may be shared by users with administrative authority who are protecting the website.
To provide website statistics. TGDB.net statistically samples raw log data from users' visits. These logs are used to produce the site statistics pages; the raw log data is not made public.
To solve technical problems. Log data may be examined by developers in the course of solving technical problems and in tracking down badly-behaved web spiders that overwhelm the site.
Details of data retention
General expectations
IP and other technical information
When a visitor requests or reads a page, or sends email to TGDB.net, no more information is collected than is typically collected by web sites. TGDB.net may keep raw logs of such transactions, but these will not be published or used to track legitimate users.
When a page is edited by a logged-in editor, the server confidentially stores related IP information for a limited period of time. This information is automatically deleted after a set period.
Cookies
The sites set a temporary session cookie on a visitor's computer whenever a page is visted. Readers who do not intend to log in or edit may deny this cookie; it will be deleted at the end of the browser's session. More cookies may be set when one logs in to maintain logged-in status. If one saves a user name or password in one's browser, that information will be saved for up to 30 days, and this information will be resent to the server on every visit to the same Project. Contributors using a public machine who do not wish to show their username to future users of the machine should clear these cookies after use.
Page history
Edits or other contributions to pages of the website, user pages and talk pages are generally retained forever. Removing text from a page does not permanently delete it. Normally, anyone can look at a previous version of a page and see what was there. Even if a page is "deleted", a user entrusted with higher level of access may still see what was removed from public view. Information can be permanently deleted by individuals with access to the website's servers, but aside from the rare circumstance when TGDB.net is required to delete editing-history material in response to a court order or equivalent legal process, there is no guarantee any permanent deletion will happen.
User contribution
User contributions are also aggregated and publicly available. User contributions are aggregated according to their registration and login status. Data on user contributions, such as the times at which users edited and the number of edits they have made, are publicly available via user contributions lists, and in aggregated forms published by other users.
Reading projects
No more information on users and other visitors reading pages is collected than is typically collected in server logs by web sites. Aside from the above raw log data collected for general purposes, page visits do not expose a visitor's identity publicly. Sampled raw log data may include the IP address of any user, but it is not reproduced publicly.
Editing projects
Edits to pages are identified with the username or network IP address of the editor, and editing history is aggregated by author in a contribution list. Such information will be available permanently on the projects.
Logged in registered users:
Logged in users do not expose their IP address to the public except in cases of abuse, including vandalism of a wiki page by the user or by another user with the same IP address. A user's IP address is stored on the wiki servers for a period of time, during which it can be seen by server administrators and by users who have been granted CheckUser access.
IP address information, and its connection to any usernames that share it, may be released under certain circumstances (see below).
Editors using a company mail server from home or telecommuting over a DSL or cable Internet connection, are likely to be easy to identify by their IP address; in which case it may be easy to cross-identify all contributions to various Projects made by that IP. Using a username is a better way of preserving privacy in this situation.
Unlogged-in registered users and unregistered users:
Editors who have not logged in may be identified by network IP address. Depending on one's connection, this IP address may be traceable to a large Internet service provider or more specifically to a school, place of business or home. It may be possible to use this information in combination with other information, including editing style and preferences, to identify an author completely.
Discussions
On wiki discussion pages:
Any editable page can theoretically be the location of a discussion. In general, discussions on website pages occur on user talk pages (associated with particular users), on article talk pages (associated with particular articles) or in pages specially designated to function as forums. Privacy expectations apply to discussion pages in the same way as they do elsewhere.
Via email:
Users who provide a valid email address can enable other logged-in users to send email to them through the wiki. When receiving an email from other users through this system, one's email address is not revealed to them. When choosing to send an email to other users, one's email is displayed as the sender.
The email address put into one's user preferences may be used by TGDB.net for communication. Users whose accounts do not have a valid email address will not be able to reset their password if it is lost. In such a situation, however, users may be able to contact one of the TGDB.net server administrators to enter a new e-mail address. A user can remove the account's email address from his preferences at any time to prevent it from being used. Private correspondence between users may be saved at those users' discretion and is not subject to TGDB.net's policy.
Release of personally identifiable information
Release: Policy on Release of Data
It is the policy of TGDB.net that personally identifiable data collected in the server logs, or through records in the database via the CheckUser feature, or through other non-publicly-available methods, may be released by TGDB.net volunteers or staff, in any of the following situations:
In response to a valid subpoena or other compulsory request from law enforcement,
With permission of the affected user,
When necessary for investigation of abuse complaints,
Where the information pertains to page views generated by a spider or bot and its dissemination is necessary to illustrate or resolve technical issues,
Where the user has been vandalizing articles or persistently behaving in a disruptive way, data may be released to a service provider, carrier, or other third-party entity to assist in the targeting of IP blocks, or to assist in the formulation of a complaint to relevant Internet Service Providers,
Where it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of TGDB.net, its users or the public.
Except as described above, TGDB.net's policy does not permit distribution of personally identifiable information under any circumstances.
Third-party access and notifying registered users when receiving legal process:
As a general principle, the access to, and retention of, personally identifiable data in all projects should be minimal and should be used only internally to serve the well-being of the website. Occasionally, however, TGDB.net may receive a subpoena or other compulsory request from a law-enforcement agency or a court or equivalent government body that requests the disclosure of information about a registered user, and may be compelled by law to comply with the request. In the event of such a legally compulsory request, TGDB.net will attempt to notify the affected user within three business days after the arrival of such subpoena by sending a notice by email to the email address (if any) that the affected user has listed in his or her user preferences.
TGDB.net cannot advise a user receiving such a notification regarding the law or an appropriate response to a subpoena. TGDB.net does note, however, that such users may have the legal right to resist or limit that information in court by filing a motion to quash the subpoena. Users who wish to oppose a subpoena or other compulsory request should seek legal advice concerning applicable rights and procedures that may be available.
If TGDB.net receives a court-filed motion to quash or otherwise limit the subpoena as a result of action by a user or their lawyer, TGDB.net staff will not disclose the requested information until they receive an order from the court to do so.
When an affected registered user does not provide an email address, the Foundation will not be able to notify the affected user in private email messages when it receives requests from law enforcement to disclose personally identifiable information about the user.
Disclaimer
TGDB.net believes that maintaining and preserving the privacy of user data is an important value. This Privacy Policy, together with other policies, resolutions, and actions by TGDB.net, represents a committed effort to safeguard the security of the limited user information that is collected and retained on our servers. Nevertheless, TGDB.net cannot guarantee that user information will remain private. We acknowledge that, in spite of our committed effort to protect private user information, determined individuals may still develop data-mining and other methods to uncover such information and disclose it. For this reason, TGDB.net can make no guarantee against unauthorized access to information provided in the course of participating in the development of the website.
Retrieved from "http://www.tgdb.net/index.php?title=TGDB.net:Privacy_policy&oldid=28694"
Navigation menu
Personal tools
Log in
Namespaces
Project pageDiscussion
Variants
Views
ReadView sourceView history
More
Search
Navigation
Main pageRecent changesRandom pageHelp
Tools
What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information
This page was last edited on 11 October 2009, at 13:06.
Privacy policy
About TGDB.net
Disclaimers