http://www.classic-games.com/privacy.html
classic-games.com
Privacy Policy
We have a simple privacy policy. No information will be
gathered, except as necessary to operate this site. Email addresses are used to
uniquely identify users to help prevent ballot stuffing in the ratings. You
will not receive email from me except as specifically requested by you. I
don't send out newsletters, update notifications, advertisements or anything
else of the sort.
Cookies are sent to your computer only upon request, and are used only to
save you the effort of logging in every time you visit indie-games.com and to record statistics about site traffic.
Some advertisements are served by Burst! Media, LLC. They have a privacy policy
available.
Some advertisements are served by Google. They have a privacy policy available.
Our user survey is administered by Burst! and collects information used to
sell the advertising space that pays for this site. The information collected
does not include anything that can be traced back to you personally.
If this web site is ever sold, all associated databases will presumably
be part of the sale. That includes user accounts.
Contact InformationPrivacy PolicySurveyRSS News Feeds
Classic Systems
Atari
Commodore
Nintendo
Vectrex
Other Systems
Game Database
List Games
Search
Submit Game
Other Options
Other Sections
Classic Games Index
Newer Video Games
Forums
Account Options
Articles
Store
Tools
Web Directory
Online Poker Bonuses
Online Casino Bonuses
Tradewars
Featured GamesAncient Anguish
Get listed here!Top Referrers1. Stating the Obvious
Get listed here!
Get a featured game listing for as little as $1 for 30 days!
Latest News1UP on games that stand the test of time Castlevania history at 1UP Atari gets delisting warning Atari CFO resigns X-Arcade Trackball available Joystick Junkies has a new site Atari sinking deeper The Video Game Swap Space Invaders Evolution Taito Legends U.S. release
Web
www.velocityvector.com