http://www.manjikai.com/privacy-policy
Login
Register
Login
Register
Inside Manjikai
Latest News
Manji Vault
Media Archive
Manji Community
YOT Articles
YOT Forums
Fan Fiction
Manji Strategy
Manji Strategy Blog
Frame Data
Strategy Archive
Privacy Policy
Tenshimitsu
2018-06-04 06:46
0
Manjikai.com is a hobby site "from fans to fans", which was created and is maintained by Joanna "Tenshimitsu" Torz. The privacy policy below is valid only for the website Manjikai.com. In case of any doubts concerning this policy, you can always contact me by sending an email to contact(at)manjikai.com or sending a private message using the website's engine.
Short version - most important information
I care about your time as much as about your privacy, that's why I also prepared the shortened version of the most important rules concerning protecting your privacy.
By registering at the website, adding comments, articles, forum posts or contacting with me, you are giving me your personal data and I guarantee you that your data remain confidential and won't be transferred to any third party without your explicit consent.
I'm not using any analytic tools like Google Analytics. Any possible statistics that are gathered on Manjikai are to identify the most popular/interesting parts of the website. They are gathered anonymously & stored directly on the web server. The information stored are about subpages that you have visited and time spend on each subpage. These information are reviewed by me to improve your experience by enhancing or adding functionalities to the website.
Manjikai displays movies coming from YouTube. Watching these movies comes together with accepting cookies coming from the Google company and Youtube.
One of Manjikai's functionalities is social sharing. Using this functionality is associated with accepting cookies of social media comanies such as Facebook, Instagram, YouTube.
Manjikai uses it's own cookies for you to comfortably use the website functionalities and uncover content accessible only after registering and logging in.
If above information is not sufficient, soon you'll be able to find additional information.
Long version (coming soon)
Share
facebook
tumblr
twitter
google+
pinterest
Tags
Newest Articles
View all
Season 4 of Tekken 7 begins!
2020-11-10 09:34
My Hero - Chapter 13 - Conclusion
2020-08-24 19:09
Today is the 19th anniversary!
2020-08-17 18:30
Tekken 7: Season 4 Announced!
2020-08-01 09:37
We are Manjikai ...
... a team of Yoshimitsu fans, striving to be the best both in fighting games and in everything else we do in life! This website was created to connect, teach and inspire Yoshimitsu fans from all around the world. Join us (if you haven't already)!
ManjiKai a.k.a. Yoshimitsu Obsession Team was created on 17th August 2001. Tekken, Soul Calibur and Yoshimitsu are © Namco Bandai. Articles and artwork are © YOT. Please respect our work.
Random quote
“Practice opening and closing your eyes a few times a day,
with the awareness of letting go of your dark feelings
to the brightness of the light.”~Master Jin Kwon
© 2018 ManjiKai, Yoshimitsu, Tekken and Soul Calibur are © Namco Bandai
Homepage
Privacy Policy
Forums
Strategy
Inside Manjikai