http://www.arbhunters.co.uk/legal
Arb Hunters' Legal Policies
Below you will find Arb Hunters' terms & conditions, disclaimer, and privacy policy. If you have any questions about any of the information on this page please contact us.
Terms & Conditions
Acceptance
By accessing the Arb Hunters website (www.arbhunters.co.uk), becoming a member or making use of any of our information or services, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions.
Content
All material on this web site including but not limited to any text, graphics, photographs or other information is the property of Arb Hunters. Without prior permission, it is expressly forbidden to reproduce, modify or in any way commercially exploit any content from this web site or any other information produced by Arb Hunters. It is also forbidden to redistribute any information originating from Arb Hunters regardless of whether it is sold, exchanged or given away.
Subscribers
It is strictly forbidden for subscribers to share or otherwise reveal any information obtained directly or indirectly arising for membership of Arb Hunters. This is an express condition of membership and any breach may result in immediate termination of membership without prior notice or refund.
Acceptable Usage
Arb Hunters may cancel subscriptions without notice or refund if we believe, at our discretion, that a subscriber's usage is unacceptable.
Refunds
All sales are final. Services are sold on a no-refund basis, however this remains at the discretion of Arb Hunters.
Modification of Terms
Arb Hunters reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time without prior notice. Any new Terms will take effect immediately and members are required to ensure that they comply with current Terms available on this web site.
Termination
Arb Hunters reserves the right to terminate use of or access to this web site and/or our services without prior notice with immediate effect if it decided at our sole discretion that any member has breached these Terms or have engaged in any conduct that we believe is unacceptable.
Privacy
Any information given to Arb Hunters will be treated in confidence. Please also see our Privacy Policy.
Arb Alerts
Arb Alerts are issued subject to the conditions set out in our Disclaimer.
Gambling
Arb Hunters provides gambling and betting material for informational purposes only. We do not advocate gambling and you should be aware that in many jurisdictions it may be illegal and engaging in these activities may cause you to be liable for prosecution (e.g. many states in the U.S.). Please be aware that for many people, gambling is addictive and you should seek professional help if you believe that you have a problem.
Disclaimer
Content
While Arb Hunters takes all due care and attention to ensure that both the content of this web site and the information that we supply is accurate, you agree that you use any information supplied by Arb Hunters at your own risk.Arb Hunters does not give any warranties in respect to the information that we make available, and this is used on an "as is", "with all faults" and "when available" basis. Arb Hunters hereby disclaims all warranties, conditions and duties, in particular and warranties or duties regarding accuracy, timeliness, completeness, lack or negligence of due care and attention, to the extent applicable under law. Arb Hunters makes no express warranties.
Use
By making use of information supplied by Arb Hunters, you hereby indemnify Arb Hunters to the full extent applicable under law from liability to you and/or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages that arise.
Arb Alerts
In addition to the conditions above, the following applies specifically to any information contained and issued in an Arb Alert.
Transmission of Arb Alerts
Emails are not guaranteed to reach their destination immediately. We cannot be held liable for delays due to the network of our web site host or your own email provider.
Availability
Arb Hunters is in the business or alerting our subscribers to the existence of arbitrage bets. We provide information relating to bookmakers odds that is correct at the time of sending but members must decide at their own risk how to use this information. We cannot guarantee the availability of arbitrage bets (as contained in "Arb Alerts") once we have sent the information out. We alert our subscribers as soon as we find an opportunity and ensure that it is available at the time of sending. However once we have issued an Arb Alert we cannot guarantee its further availability. Members should always check the information before placing any bets because Arb Hunters is not liable for any errors contained in our Arb Alerts although all due care and attention is taken to ensure accuracy.
Privcay Policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this Website and Arb Hunters, the owner and provider of this Website. Arb Hunters takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website.
This privacy policy should be read alongside, and in addition to, our Terms and Conditions, which can be found at: www.arbhunters.co.uk/legal.
Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and interpretation
In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
collectively all information that you submit to Arb Hunters via the Website.
This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Laws;
Cookies
a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website.
Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies);
Data Protection Laws
any applicable law relating to the processing of personal Data, including but not limited to the Directive 96/46/EC (Data Protection Directive) or the GDPR, and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, for as long as the GDPR is effective in the UK;
GDPR
the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679;
Arb Hunters,
we or us
Arb Hunters of 209 Holmley Lane, Dronfield, S18 3DA;
UK and EU Cookie Law
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronxic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
User or you
any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Arb Hunters and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Arb Hunters and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
the website that you are currently using, www.arbhunters.co.uk, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
"including" is understood to mean "including without limitation";
reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Arb Hunters and Users with respect to this Website.
It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
For purposes of the applicable Data Protection Laws, Arb Hunters is the "data controller". This means that Arb Hunters determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, your Data is processed.
Data collected
We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
name;
contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
IP address (automatically collected);
web browser type and version (automatically collected);
operating system (automatically collected);
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
How we collect Data
We collect Data in the following ways:
data is given to us by you;
data is received from other sources; and
data is collected automatically.
Data that is given to us by you
Arb Hunters will collect your Data in a number of ways, for example:
when you contact us through the Website, by telephone, post, e-mail or through any other means;
when you register with us and set up an account to receive our products/services;
when you make payments to us, through this Website or otherwise;
when you use our services;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Data that is received from third parties
Arb Hunters will receive Data about you from the following third parties:
Google;
PayPal;
Data that is collected automatically
To the extent that you access the Website, we will collect your Data automatically, for example:
we automatically collect some information about your visit to the Website. This information helps us to make improvements to Website content and navigation, and includes your IP address, the date, times and frequency with which you access the Website and the way you use and interact with its content.
we will collect your Data automatically via cookies, in line with the cookie settings on your browser. For more information about cookies, and how we use them on the Website, see the section below, headed "Cookies".
Our use of Data
Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website.
Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
improvement of our products / services;
transmission by email of marketing materials that may be of interest to you;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may use your Data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to do so for our legitimate interests. If you are not satisfied with this, you have the right to object in certain circumstances (see the section headed "Your rights" below).
For the delivery of direct marketing to you via e-mail, we'll need your consent, whether via an opt-in or soft-opt-in:
soft opt-in consent is a specific type of consent which applies when you have previously engaged with us (for example, you contact us to ask us for more details about a particular product/service, and we are marketing similar products/services). Under "soft opt-in" consent, we will take your consent as given unless you opt-out.
for other types of e-marketing, we are required to obtain your explicit consent; that is, you need to take positive and affirmative action when consenting by, for example, checking a tick box that we'll provide.
if you are not satisfied about our approach to marketing, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. To find out how to withdraw your consent, see the section headed "Your rights" below.
When you register with us and set up an account to receive our services, the legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
Keeping Data secure
We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your Data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by a password and a user name that is unique to you.
we store your Data on secure servers.
Technical and organisational measures include measures to deal with any suspected data breach. If you suspect any misuse or loss or unauthorised access to your Data, please let us know immediately by contacting us via this e-mail address: info@arbhunters.co.uk.
If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.
Data retention
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we will only hold your Data on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or until you request that the Data be deleted.
Even if we delete your Data, it may persist on backup or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
Your rights
You have the following rights in relation to your Data:
Right to access - the right to request (i) copies of the information we hold about you at any time, or (ii) that we modify, update or delete such information. If we provide you with access to the information we hold about you, we will not charge you for this, unless your request is "manifestly unfounded or excessive." Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request. If we refuse your request, we will tell you the reasons why.
Right to correct - the right to have your Data rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erase - the right to request that we delete or remove your Data from our systems.
Right to restrict our use of your Data - the right to "block" us from using your Data or limit the way in which we can use it.
Right to data portability - the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your Data.
Right to object - the right to object to our use of your Data including where we use it for our legitimate interests.
To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out above, or withdraw your consent to the processing of your Data (where consent is our legal basis for processing your Data), please contact us via this e-mail address: info@arbhunters.co.uk.
If you are not satisfied with the way a complaint you make in relation to your Data is handled by us, you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection authority. For the UK, this is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). The ICO's contact details can be found on their website at https://ico.org.uk/.
It is important that the Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Data changes during the period for which we hold it.
Transfers outside the European Economic Area
Data which we collect from you may be stored and processed in and transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). For example, this could occur if our servers are located in a country outside the EEA or one of our service providers is situated in a country outside the EEA. We also share information with our group companies, some of which are located outside the EEA.
We will only
transfer Data outside the EEA where it is compliant with data protection legislation and the means of transfer provides adequate safeguards in relation to your data, eg by way of data transfer agreement, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission, or by signing up to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, in the event that the organisation in receipt of the Data is based in the United States of America.
To ensure that your Data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place appropriate safeguards and procedures with the third parties we share your Data with. This ensures your Data is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with the Data Protection Laws.
Links to other websites
This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites.
We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites.
This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites.
You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and control
Arb Hunters may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Arb Hunters.
Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
Cookies
This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer.
Arb Hunters uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of services.
Arb Hunters has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar
requesting your consent to set those Cookies.
By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Arb Hunters to provide a better experience and service to you.
You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
This Website may place the following Cookies:
Type of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
You can find a list of Cookies that we use in the Cookies Schedule.
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser.
By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed.
For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable them, please refer to aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person.
We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Changes to this privacy policy
Arb Hunters reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law.
Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
You may contact Arb Hunters by email at info@arbhunters.co.uk.
Cookies
Below is a list of the cookies that we use. We have tried to ensure this is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know.
Strictly necessary
We use the following strictly necessary cookies:
Description of Cookie
Purpose
Session cookie
We use this session cookie to remember you and maintain your session whilst you are using our website.
Analytical/performance
We use the following analytical/performance cookies:
Description of Cookie
Purpose
Google Analytics
We use this cookie to help us analyse how users use the website.
Functionality
We use the following functionality cookies:
Description of Cookie
Purpose
Affiliate cookie
We use this cookie to track who referred you.
Home
Sports Arbitrage
Example Arb
Our Services
Arbitrage Results
FAQ
Join
Online Bookmakers
About Us
Contact Us
Forgotten your password?
If you have any questions or would just like to know more, please feel free to contact us using the email address below or via the form on the contact us page.
info@arbhunters.co.uk