http://www.marioparty.com/privacy-policy
Super Mario Party™
Available now
$59.99
Buy download
Eligible for up to
points
Super-charged fun for everyone!
Outwit family and friends as you race across the board to collect the most stars in the original four-player* Mario Party series board game mode. Face off against opponents in the 2 vs. 2 mode with grid-based maps. And for the first time in the series’ history, you can put your skills to the test in an online** minigame mode. There’s fun for everyone in the Super Mario Party game, available exclusively for the Nintendo Switch system!
Master the minigames
Discover 80 minigames packed with wildly different challenges and clever uses of Joy-Con™ controllers. Not sure what to play first? Here are a few minigames to get the party started!
Trike Harder
Race on a teeny-tiny trike and pedal like mad in a short race to the finish line!
Sizzling Stakes
Cook every surface of the cube! When a surface is fully cooked, the Joy-Con controller will rumble.
Slaparazzi
The more central your character is in the photo, the more points you get. Try to be the center of attention!
Bumper Brawl
Bump your rivals out of the area!
Fuzzy Flight School
Avoid the Fuzzies! If you hit three, you’re out!
Smash and Crab
Dodge the hammers to survive!
Party like you’ve never partied before
Whether playing solo or with friends, there’s a mode for every party.
Look who’s coming to the party!
Choose from 20 playable Mushroom Kingdom characters.
Mario
Cheerful. Inspiring. Jumpy. Everyone loves Mario—and for good reason!
Luigi
Luigi is taller than his brother Mario. Plus, he parts his mustache in the middle!
Peach
This princess rules over the Mushroom Kingdom with her friends by her side.
Daisy
The ruler of Sarasaland loves the thrill of the chase. Daisy plays to win!
Wario
Wario is a rude and crude fellow who likes to toot…his own horn, that is.
Waluigi
Waluigi thinks he’s Luigi’s biggest rival, but he’s more believable as Wario’s sidekick.
Yoshi
Yoshi is one of Mario’s best friends. He also has an extremely sticky tongue.
Bowser
The King of the Koopas has monstrous strength and even more monstrous breath.
Diddy Kong
Diddy Kong looks harmless but is actually a peanut-popping powerhouse of a player.
Donkey Kong
Who has a fancy yellow tie and two opposable thumbs? Donkey Kong, of course!
You can play as these characters, too!
Rosalina, Bowser Jr., Shy Guy, Boo, Goomba, Koopa Troopa, Pom Pom, Dry Bones, Monty Mole and Hammer Bro.
Release date:
Oct 05, 2018
Players:
up to 4 players
Genre:
Party,
Multiplayer
Publisher:
Nintendo
Developer:
Nintendo
Game file size:
2.8 GB
Supported Languages:
Spanish, French, English
Supported Play Modes:
TV mode
Tabletop mode
Handheld mode
Software compatibility and play experience may differ on Nintendo Switch Lite. Additional accessories may be required (sold separately). See support for details.
ESRB Rating:
Mild Cartoon Violence
Users Interact
Play online, access classic Super NES™ games, and more with a Nintendo Switch Online membership.
Learn more
This game supports:
Online Play
Save Data Cloud
Additional games, systems and/or accessories may be required for multiplayer mode. Games, systems and some accessories sold separately.
Nintendo Switch Online membership (sold separately) and Nintendo Account required for online features. Not available in all countries. Internet access required for online features. Terms apply. nintendo.com/switch-online
© 2018 Nintendo. Super Mario Party and Nintendo Switch are trademarks of Nintendo. © 2020 Nintendo.