http://www.123facts.com/privacy.php
Trivia Quizzes, Games, and Facts
Trivia Categories
Forums
About Us
FAQ
Contact Us
Username:
Password:
Register   My 123Facts
Trivia Quiz Categories
Animals
Brain Teasers
Celebrities
Entertainment
For Kids
General
Geography
History
Hobbies
Humanities
Literature
Movies
Music
People
Religion & Faith
Science & Technology
Sports
Television
Video Games
World
More Trivia Fun
New Quizzes
Popular Recent Quizzes
Most Highly Rated Quizzes
Write a Quiz
Monthly Tournament
Today's Easy Trivia
Today's Hard Trivia
Easy Hourly Trivia
Hard Hourly Trivia
Trivia Facts
Browse Trivia Facts
Submit a Trivia Fact
Statistics
Website
- Quizzes served
6,340,069
Players
- Most points
Kniclan
- Registered members
41093
- Just registered!
jeanmark
Teams
- Most points
NY's
Strongest !!!!
Quiz Of The Day
-
Tournament Leader
Zekeman602
- Last Tournament Champ
Zekeman602
You are here:    Home » Privacy Policy
Search:
123Facts.com Privacy Policy
123facts.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
This Privacy Statement discloses our policies regarding information we obtain from you and how we limit and protect the uses to which that information is put. By visiting 123facts.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
We are committed to building trust and confidence by promoting the principles of disclosure and informed consent. Accordingly, we wish to notify you about the following:
- what information is collected from you through the 123facts.com site (the Site).
- how we use your information.
- choices regarding collection, use and distribution of information - opting out and corrections.
- security
- changes in policies; Terms and Conditions
- third party advertising
- third party cookies
- children
These policies apply only to the Site, which consists solely of the web pages we control. You should determine what privacy policies apply to other web sites before providing information to them.
If you have questions or concerns regarding these policies, or any other aspect of the Site or your use of it, please contact us by clicking here.
What Information we collect and how we collect it
Through your use of the Site, we may obtain various types of contact and user information from you, such as your IP (or Internet) address, company and user names, email addresses, account and credit card numbers. We also collect and store statistics and other information about the online activities of our visitors on an aggregated basis. For example, we may track the number of people who view each page.
We obtain information in several ways. Some is required as part of the registration process and other is optional and is provided by you, only if you chose to do so.
Additional information is gathered through "cookies", which save special codes on your hard disk.
How we use your information
We generally use your information only to operate the Site and make your experience more efficient and enjoyable.
As a general practice, we do not sell, rent or otherwise give your personally identifiable information to any other party, except in limited circumstances, such as compliance with law or with your permission, as noted below. Thus, we would not sell your name, email address or other personal information to mass marketers.
Most uses we make of your information are for site administration of your use of the site, such as processing and tracking of orders, diagnosing problems with our server, identification, security and billing. We may also use this information to contact you for operational purposes, such as tracking of orders, and notifying you of product updates or new products or editions.
We sometimes share aggregated data with some of our partners. However, none of this information identifies you in any way without your consent. For example, we may share data that shows that a certain percentage of our users buy a certain product, but there would be no identification of specific users.
Only if you consent, will we share personal, identifiable data about you to third parties. For example, on particular pages where we ask for personal information, we may explicitly tell you that the data we ask for may by shared with third parties.
There are circumstances where we may need to provide individual information to others. For example, we may disclose information if we in good faith believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who is violating our Terms of Use of the Site, breaking the law, causing injury to or interference with others or otherwise violating the rights of others. We may also disclose information to the extent we believe in good faith is required by law or for administrative and other purposes we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and service. In all such circumstances, we will limit what information we disclose to the extent we believe it to be appropriate.
Choices regarding collection, use and distribution of information - opting out and corrections
We may send you emails or other promotions our vendors or we offer that we believe may be of special interest to you. Only 123facts.com (or our agents who are required to comply with these policies) will send you these materials. If you do not wish to receive these materials, you may either modify your account preferences to opt out from such promotions, send an unsubscribe email by the means indicated in the materials or tell us when we collect information from you.
You also have choices concerning cookies. Your Internet browser allows you to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is sent or reject all cookies. However, if you reject cookies, we may not be able to customize the content we show you or otherwise learn your preferences. There may also be services that require the use of cookies. This may negatively affect your Site experience. In addition, we may place advertising on the Site that originates from outside advertisers or other third parties. In some cases, if you click on these advertisements, a cookie may be sent to your computer. We do not control these cookies.
Security
Although no use of the Internet is 100% secure, the Site uses security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of your information under our control. We use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption for the encryption of important data such as credit card numbers, which makes it difficult for third parties to access information on the Site.
Changes in policies; Terms and Conditions
We may change these policies from time to time. If any such changes materially and adversely affect the use of your information, we will generally refer to such changes on the Site for a period of time, although our failure to do so will not affect the applicability of such changes. Accordingly, we recommend that you check back to review these policies from time to time, particularly if you have not visited the Site for some time. These policies are also subject to our Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by reference, and we also recommend that you review those from time to time.
Third party advertising
We use Google and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to the Site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on the Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Third party cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Children
The Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may not visit this site without the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Up to Quizzes       Up to facts       Up to Home Page
Conditions of Use   |   Privacy policy
|   Disclaimer   |   Copyright
© 2005-2020 123facts.com. All Rights Reserved.