https://www.sportscapperisland.com/privacy/
Account:Join NowFAQCart
Free Picks
Best Bets
Handicappers
Sportsbooks
More
Articles
Schedules
Odds
Privacy Policy
Sports Capper Island respects and protects the privacy of our users and visitors. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use that information.
By accessing and/or using this site (sportscapperisland.com), you agree and consent to the collection and protection of your personal information as described in this policy.
Who we are
Sports Capper Island.
Website address: https://www.sportscapperisland.com.
Email address: info@sportscapperisland.com
The Data and information we collect
From the forum: We collect information from registration on the forum and gather data from participation in the forum by reading, writing and evaluating the content shared there.
When registering on the forum, you may be asked to enter your name and email address. You may, however, visit our site without registering. Your email address will be verified by an email containing a unique link. If that link is visited, we know that you control the email address.
When registered and posting, we record the IP address that the post originated from. We also may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.
From the contact form: When you submit a message via the contact form, we collect your name and email address for the purpose of accurately responding to your message.
From premium picks forms (Register/Log-in): Please refer to the Sportscapping Network’s Privacy Policy.
How we use the collected information
Personalize user experience: Information helps us to better respond to users needs.
Improve the site: We are always looking to improve our site based on the information and feedback we receive from our users.
Improve customer service: The collected information helps us to effectively respond to better your convenience and use of this website.
Send occasional emails: The email address you provide may be used to send you information, notifications that you request about changes to topics or in response to your username, respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions.
We implement security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access your personal information.
We may contract with third party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our site, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your browser (if you allow). These cookies enable the site to recognize your browser and, if you have a registered account, associate it with your registered account.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, if you do this you may not be able to use all functionality on our site.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Analytics
Sports Capper Island uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and web page usage.
By using our site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above.
3rd party and embedded content
Articles and forum posts on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Policy document was last updated on June 28, 2020.
Sports Capper Island may change this policy one or more times as it deems appropriate. We will try to notify anyone affected of any changes at the time or beforehand.
Your continued use of this site after changes have been made will act as acceptance of the changes, so please check this policy for updates and any changes.
For other terms of using SportsCapperIsland.com, please visit our Terms of Use page.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or any other questions or concerns regarding SportsCapperIsland.com, please contact us.
Latest Articles
NFL Week 12 MNF Picks: Seahawks vs. Eagles
Mon, Nov 30, 2020
NFL Week 11 MNF Picks: Rams vs. Buccaneers
Mon, Nov 23, 2020
NFL Sunday Week 11 Picks: Titans vs. Ravens
Sun, Nov 22, 2020
View All »
Top Betting Sites
#1 Overall
Review ›
Best Promos
Review ›
Best Options
Review ›
View All Sportsbooks »Best Last 7 Days
This Week's Best
Handicapper
Profit
Juan Carlos Flores
$1,107
Brandon Lee
$928
Rob Vinciletti
$913
View All Leaders »
Tweets by @scisportspicks
Back to Top