http://www.dosgamesarchive.com/terms-and-conditions/
DOS Games Archive
GameWolf Online Games
Whirlwind HTML5 Games
Cargo Challenge HTML5 Game
Menu
Homepage
Games
Screenshot gallery
Cheats
Help
Newsletter
Forum
Contact
Links
Sitemap
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer and acceptance necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing English Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual visitors. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our visitors. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
Confidentiality
Any information concerning the Client and their respective Client Records may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than our supplier(s) and if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client's with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer: Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company's literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Availability
You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this Company's website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Links to this website
You may create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party's websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Company's services and the full content of this website.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers' Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a download or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
Happyland Adventures X-Mas Edition
Category:Platform
Year:2001
Developer:Free Lunch Design
Publisher:Free Lunch Design
File types:
Freeware (installed)
Freeware
Extra
Search
Games
Games by alphabet
Games by number of downloads
Games by rating
Play DOS games online
Buy DOS games
Play online games
Categories
Adventure
Arcade
Educational
Expansion Set
Fighting
First-Person Shooter
Miscellaneous
Platform
Prototype
Puzzle
Racing
Real-Time Strategy
Role-Playing
Shooter
Simulation
Sport
Traditional
Turn-Based Strategy
File types
Freeware
Playable demo
Non-playable demo
Shareware
Full version
Update
Patch
Game expansion
Editor
Preview
Soundtrack
FAQ
Extra
Years
1980
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2005
2008
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2020
Game groups
360 degree shooter
3D Game Creation System
3dfx compatible
4X strategy
Action RPG
Action-Adventure
AGI
Alone in the Dark
Alternate history
Amiga original
Artillery
Asteroids like
Baron Baldric
Beat 'em up
Body Blows
Bomberman like
Boulder Dash like
Breakout like
Bubble Pop
Build engine
Business simulation
Call of Cthulhu
Cancelled/incomplete
Cannon Fodder
Carmageddon
Castles
Catacomb
Charlie the Duck
Christmas
City-building
Clyde's Adventures
Command & Conquer
Commander Keen
Crusader
Crusher
Cyberdogs
Cybersphere
Dangerous Dave
Dark Woods
Descent
Destruction Derby
Disney
DOOM
DOOM engine
Ducks
Duke Nukem
Dungeons & Dragons
Dungeons of Grimlor
EA Sports
EA Strike
Earthworm Jim
Elder Scrolls
Empire
F-15 Strike Eagle
FIFA Soccer
Five Star General
Flashback
Football/Soccer
Ford Simulator
Gabriel Knight
Gauntlet like
Goblins
Greek mythology
Helicopter
Heretic/Hexen
Heros
Historical
Hockey
Hugo
Indiana Jones
Ishar
Isometric shooter
Jagged Alliance
Jazz Jackrabbit
JetFighter
Jetpack
King's Quest
Kingdom of Syree
KKnD
Korean
Lands of Lore
Legend of Kyrandia
Leisure Suit Larry
Lemmings
Lemmings like
Liberated
Licensed
Little Big Adventure
Lords of the Realm
Lost Vikings
Magic Carpet
Maniac Mansion
Mario like
Master of Orion
Mecha combat
MechWarrior
MegaRace
Metaltech
Micro Machines
MiG-29
Might and Magic
Modern warfare
Monkey Island
Mortal Kombat
Multi-language
Multi-product demo
NASCAR Racing
NetHack
NHL Hockey
Norse mythology
Open source
Pac-Man like
Paratrooper like
Pinball
Prince of Persia
Privateer
Promotional
Putt-Putt
QBasic
Quake engine
Quarantine
Rally
Rampart Rampage
Raven engine
Rayman
Re-released
Realms of Arkania
Remastered
Rex Blade
Rise of the Robots
Roguelike
Sango Fighter
Screamer
SCUMM
ScummVM
Shaw's Nightmare
Sid Meier
Side-scrolling shooter
SimCity
Simon the Sorcerer
Skunny
SkyRoads
Snake like
Sopwith
Space Invaders like
Spacecraft simulation
Star Control
Star Wars
Stardust
Stealth Fighter
Steel Panthers
SuperSpeed
Sword Quest
Syndicate
Tactical combat
Tank
Tetris/Columns like
The Bard's Tale Construction Set
The Incredible Machine
The Settlers
The Terminator
Theme
Tomb Raider
Top-down racing
Total Conversion
Transport Tycoon
Tyrian
Ultima like
Unofficial remake
Vehicular combat
Vertical scrolling shooter
War
Warcraft
Warcraft like
Warlords
Windows-ported
Wing Commander
Wolfenstein 3D engine
World of Aden
World War I
World War II
X-COM
X-Men
XnGine
Yendorian Tales
Zool
"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers."
Thomas Watson (IBM, 1943)
Sitemap
Privacy
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
Facebook
Twitter