http://www.caissa.com/about/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Caissa's Web. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Caissa's Web.
Caissa's Web collects personal information when you sign up for a trial account and subscribe for a yearly membership account. Caissa's Web does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that protect personal information about you. Caissa's Web may use this information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
It is required that you provide a valid external email address to sign up for a free Caissa's Web Trial member account. We will send pertinent account information to this email address upon establishment of your account. Additionally we may send reminder emails during the course of your free Trial membership regarding account status. If you choose to subscribe, you may receive emails notifying you of service updates as well as notices of subscription renewal.
Caissa's Web may set and access cookies on your computer. This is solely for the purpose of providing a custom user interface experience on the site. Our cookies do not use any personally identifiable information and do not document your activities within the site.
Please direct all inquiries about this Privacy Policy to admin@caissa.com.
Caissa's Web
http://www.caissa.com
Home » About » Privacy Policy
Click here for FREE Sign Up
About Caissa's Web
Who is Caissa?
Contact Us
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 1995 - 2020 Caissa's Web and Valdina LLC.
All rights reserved.
Caissa's Web is a registered trademark of Valdina LLC.Old site: www.caissaclassic.com
Click here for FREE Sign Up
Play online chess at Caissa's Web!
Share This Site
Link to CaissaSocial Networks
HOME
Live Online Chess
Correspondence Chess
Chess Tournaments
iPhone Chess
Chess Bulletin Boards