https://www.denki.co.uk/cookies-policy/
Home
About
Words
Archive
Contact
Cookies policy
UK and EU law requires that, where a website uses cookies or equivalent technologies, the website operator must make certain disclosures in relation to the use of the cookies. This policy template has been designed to help website operators comply with this disclosure obligation. Website operators may be required, in addition, to seek users’ consent to the use of cookies. UK law on this subject is contained in Regulation 6 of The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011.
Section 1: Introduction
Our website uses cookies.
Section 1.2
By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to this policy
Section 2: Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (http://www.seqlegal.com).
Section 4: Our cookies
We do not use any of of our own cookies on our website.
Section 5: Analytics cookies
Section 5.1
We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic to our site for the purposes of gauging interest in different sections of our site.
Section 5.2
The cookies used by our website are:
_utma
_utmb
_utmz
_utmv
Section 5.3
A copy of our analytics provider’s privacy policy can be viewed here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Section 6: Third party cookies
Our website does not serve any third-party cookies
Section 7: Blocking cookies
As we only use cookies for monitoring our website traffic we do not anticipate any negative impact for our users should they choose to block cookies
Section 8: Cookie preferences
There are no cookie preference settings available for our website
Section 9: Our details
Section 9.1
The name of the company operating this website is Denki Limited.
Section 9.2
The company is registered in Scotland.
The company’s registered number is SC202506
The company’s registered address is Bordeaux House, 31 Kinnoull Street, Perth, PH1 5NS
The company’s contact email address is denki@denki.co.uk
Section 9.3
You are welcome to contact the company via any of the above means should you wish to enquire further about any aspect of this policy
Last reviewed: May 2016