http://www.hiveworldterra.co.uk/Register.php?act=privacy
Hive World Terra
Articles
Downloads
Encyclopedia
FanFiction
Links
News
Privacy Policy
Hive World Terra does not store or request any personal information. Any personal information that you supply (through the forums, through emails to the site, or through other mechanisms) is shared voluntarily and is handled as appropriate. Any information that we record from your visit (including but not limited to IP address, user agent and click path) will not be given or sold to third parties, but may be used by the site administration for technical and site evaluation purposes. If requested to by appropriate legal authorities, we will hand over such records as are reasonably requested.
Hive World Terra uses cookies to track sessions. These cookies are used by the system as part of functionality to protect our site against fraud and unnecessary expense. These cookies are not used for any long-term tracking that can be accessed by the administration. If cookies are disabled then session identifiers will be included in the URL as you navigate the site and some features may not work correctly. These session URLs will be visible to the administrators due to the nature of web server activity.
Hive World Terra is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.co.uk. Hive World Terra is also a participant of the Amazon US Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. As part of these agreements then images and content from relevant Amazon websites may be shown on the site, which may also attempt to store cookies on your machine.
Some names, pictures etc on this site are
trademarks of Games Workshop Limited. Used without permission. No
challenge to their status is intended. All pictures and artwork taken
from Games Workshop's products and used on this site can be thought of
as © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2005. Please check out our fuller list of Trade
Marks.
This website is completely unofficial and in no way endorsed by Games Workshop Limited.
HiveWorldTerra is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.
Check our Privacy Policy
Skin: HWT v4 © IBBoard || Module: Register © IBBoard
Powered by: Grots
Copyright © 2003-20  IBBoard