http://www.cherokeecasino.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
CherokeeCasinos.com Website Privacy Policy
Cherokee Nation Entertainment, LLC ("CNE"), is committed to protecting your privacy & developing technology that gives you the most powerful & safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to CherokeeCasinos.com (the "Cherokee Casinos website"), a website operated by CNE, & governs data collection & usage. By using the Cherokee Casinos website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
CNE collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address, and/or telephone number. CNE also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, & favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware & software that is automatically collected by your use of the Cherokee Casinos website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, & referring website addresses. This information is used by CNE for the operation of the online service, to maintain quality of the service & to provide general statistics regarding use of the Cherokee Casinos website.
CNE encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from the Cherokee Casinos website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, & share of your information. CNE is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on third party websites, even if referenced on the Cherokee Casinos website.
Use of your Personal Information
CNE collects & uses your personal information to operate the Cherokee Casinos website & deliver the services you have requested. CNE also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CNE & its affiliates. CNE may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or potential new services that may be offered.
CNE does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties. CNE may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, CNE may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CNE, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
CNE does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
CNE keeps track of the websites & pages our customers visit within the Cherokee Casinos website, in order to determine what casino services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content & advertising regarding CNE to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The Cherokee Casinos website will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CNE or the site; (b) protect & defend the rights or property of CNE; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Cherokee Casinos website, CNE patrons, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Cherokee Casinos website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you & can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Cherokee Casinos' website pages, or register with the Cherokee Casinos website or services, a cookie helps CNE to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, & so on. When you return to the Cherokee Casinos website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of CNE services or Cherokee Casinos website.
Security of your Personal Information
CNE secures your personal information from authorized access, use or disclosure. CNE secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol.
Changes to this Policy Statement
CNE will occasionally update this Privacy Policy statement to reflect company & customer feedback. CNE encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how CNE is protecting your information.