http://www.eveonlineships.com/cookie-policy.php?pag=563&l=cookie-policy
ships list
faction ships list
EVE Online races
Amarr Empire
Caldari State
Gallente Federation
Minmatar Republic
O.R.E.
Jove Empire
Navy faction ships
Amarr navy
Caldari navy
Gallente navy
Minmatar navy
Pirate faction ships
Angel Cartel
Blood Raiders
Guristas
Mordu's Legion
Sansha's Nation
Serpentis
Sisters of EVE
Triglavian Collective
Other ships
special edition ships
other unique ships
drones and fighters
NPC ships
NPCs: asteroid
NPCs: deadspace
NPCs: mission
NPC structures
NPCs: other ships
Stations, planets, etc.
stations, gates
celestial objects
ores, minerals, clouds
More info
Skill listRaces and factionsEVE Online expansionsWallpapersF.A.Q.Donations Gallente Militia Guides
Last updated May 11, 2018    This Cookie Policy explains how Emanuele Ravasi ("Emanuele Ravasi", "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our websites at www.eveonlineships.com, ("Websites"). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.   In some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information. In such cases our Privacy Policy (http://www.eveonlineships.com/page.php?pag=433) will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.     What are cookies?   Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.  Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Emanuele Ravasi) are called "first party cookies". Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies". Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.  Why do we use cookies?   We use first and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Online Properties. Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.  The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Online Properties you visit):   Essential website cookies:These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Who serves these cookies:   Cookie provider: Abandonware DOS   Website URL: www.eveonlineships.com      How to refuse: Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading "How can I control cookies?".    Performance and functionality cookies:These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may become unavailable.Who serves these cookies:     Cookie provider: Addthis    Website URL: http://www.addthis.com      Cookie provider: YouTube    Website URL: https://www.youtube.com      How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies? ". Alternatively, please visit the relevant opt-out link below:           Cookie provider: Addthis  Opt-out Link: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out     Cookie provider: YouTube  Opt-out Link: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated     Analytics and customization cookies:These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Website are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Websites for you. Who serves these cookies:     Cookie provider: Google Analytics    Website URL: https://analytics.google.com     How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "  How can I control cookies? ". Alternatively, please visit the relevant opt-out link below:           Cookie provider: Google Analytics  Opt-out Link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout     Advertising cookies:These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Who serves these cookies:   Cookie provider: Google Adsense  Website URL: https://www.google.com/adsense/     How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?".  Alternatively, please visit the relevant opt-out link below:      Cookie provider: Google Adsense  Opt-out Link: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated         Social networking cookies:These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too. Who serves these cookies:   Cookie provider: Facebook   Website URL: https://www.facebook.com     Cookie provider: Twitter   Website URL: https://www.twitter.com     Cookie provider: Google+   Website URL: https://plus.google.com     Cookie provider: Pinterest   Website URL: https://www.pinterest.com/      How to refuse: To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can I control cookies?". Alternatively, please visit the relevant opt-out link below:        Cookie provider: Facebook  Opt-out Link: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/      Cookie provider: Twitter  Opt-out Link: https://help.twitter.com/it/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies      Cookie provider: Google+  Opt-out Link: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated      Cookie provider: Pinterest  Opt-out Link: https://help.pinterest.com/it/articles/personalization-and-data       What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?   Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs"). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Websites. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.      Do you serve targeted advertising?        Third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our Websites. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you. The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other details that directly identify you unless you choose to provide these.      How can I control cookies?      You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the cookie table above. You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.  In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.   How often will you update this Cookie Policy?   We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.   The date at the top of this Cookie Policy indicates when it was last updated.   Where can I get further information?    If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at ships@eveonlineships.com or by post to:    Emanuele Ravasi  Via Francesco Vismara 4  Casatenovo 23880
What is EVE Online Ships?
A comprehensive database of EVE Online ships, with screenshots.
More on EVE Online Ships
Contact EVE Online Ships Random ships RSS
Disclaimers
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Copyright notice
Social networks
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
EVE Online Ships is also on Reddit
This website uses cookies to ensure we give you the best browsing experience. This includes cookies from third party websites. If you want to know more or if you wish to change cookie settings, please click here. If you continue browsing our website you're giving your consent to receive all cookies on this website and from third parties.
I agree