http://www.billsgames.com/privacy/
Bill's Games HOME
Card Games
Solitaire
Video Poker
Word Games
Hangman
Plaid Libs
Brain Teasers
Word Scram
Word P.I.
Board Games
Ship 'n Crew
Tic-Tac-Web
Connect
Websweeper
Concentrate
Puzzles
Bee's Nest
Slider
Towers
WebSame
Mazes
Maze Generator
Invisible Maze
Info
About Us
Privacy
Our Awards
Get Connected
Contact Us
Chat
Survey
Privacy Statement
We have created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
Bill's Games.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with
our server, and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to
gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites.
Bill's Games is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our online surveys asks visitors for contact information (like their email
address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income
level).
The customer's contact information is used soley by Bill's
Games to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of
receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected
at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site,
showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying
the content according to their preferences.
This information is shared with
advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site.
Ads may contain
cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but
in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site.
Our site does not use cookies.
We do not have access to any information about
you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control.
Specifically, mailing lists
and raw survey data are inaccessible to anyone except site administrators.
Children's Guidelines
Our Web site meets the guidelines of TRUSTe's Children's program.
We do NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent
or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent
to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity.
Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to
respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other
purposes without prior parental consent
We do NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information
without prior parental consent
We do NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable
information
We do NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other
activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in
the activity
Third Party Advertising
We use MaxOnline and other third-party advertising companies to
serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use
information (not including your name, address, email address or
telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites
in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites
about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you
would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies,
please click here (external link).
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on
your browser.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer
receive our service.
You can visit the following URL:
http://www.billsgames.com/mailinglist/
You can send email to:
bill@billsgames.com
Change/Modify
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
You can visit the following URL:
http://www.billsgames.com/mailinglist/
You can send email to:
bill@billsgames.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact:
Bill's Games
bill@billsgames.com
Glossary
IP Address - This is a unique numeric code assigned
to computers on the Internet.
While many computers on the Internet have
"domain names" (like "billsgames.com") which correspond to an IP Address,
almost all computers on the Internet get an actual IP Address
(like "209.204.148.53").
Computers in offices and computer labs typically get a certain IP and
keep it forever.
Computers dialing in over a phone line to an ISP
(an Internet Service Provider) typically get a different IP each time
they connect.
This is out of a pool of IP addresses the ISP has
available.
Finally, often computers using large Internet services like AOL are
not assigned IP addresses.
Instead, a large number of computers known as
"Proxy Servers," are used to do the actual Internet connection.
For
these users, their IP address often changes between one page and another.
Cookies - A "cookie" is a small piece of
information sent by a web server to store on a web browser so it can later
be read back from that browser. This is useful for having the browser remember
some specific information.
Cookies can store database information, custom page settings, or just about
anything that would make a site individual and customizable. As an analogy,
cookies are similar to a "rain-check". When you return, you pick up where you
left off.
Copyright 1995-2020 Bill Kendrick
Home |
About Us |
Privacy |
Contact Us