http://www.soccerpunter.com/terms.php
Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: January 01, 2016
1. General Provisions
1.1. The two participants in each transaction are the user
(the 'Customer') and SoccerPunter Pte. Ltd. ('soccerpunter').
1.2. It is a condition of membership that Customer accepts
these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions are
acknowledged as legal and binding by Customer, once he/she
becomes a member.
1.3. Customer agrees that soccerpunter may amend these Terms
and Conditions. Any such revision or change will be binding
on Customer and effective immediately on posting of the revised
Terms and Conditions on this website or, at soccerpunter's
discretion, on notification to Customer by email. Customer
agrees that he/she shall be solely responsible for checking
for revisions and changes on each occasion he/she uses the
service. Customer agrees that any use of the service at any
time following such posting or notification shall constitute
his/her agreement to such revisions or changes.
2. Restrictions
2.1. Customer must be over 18 years of age to register and
engage services with soccerpunter. soccerpunter reserves the
right to ask for proof of age from any customer and accounts
may be suspended until satisfactory proof of age is provided.
3. Member Account
3.1. Customer opens an account by completing the online membership
application form, which is an integral part of this website.
3.2.1. Customer warrants that the information given in the
application is true and accurate and acknowledge that at the
time of this application soccerpunter will rely on such information.
3.2.2 Customer undertakes that in the event any of the information
given herein becomes inaccurate or misleading or changed in
any way whether before this application is approved or whilst
the facility is outstanding, customer shall promptly notify
soccerpunter of any such changes.
3.3. To verify Customer's identity, soccerpunter reserves
the right to request at any time satisfactory proof of identity
(copies of a valid passport / identity card and/or any payment
cards used) and proof of address (recent utility bill or bank
statement). Failure to supply such documentation may result
in suspension of the account.
3.4. Each person is only entitled to open one (1) account.
soccerpunter reserves the right to close the account of any
customer who has opened multiple accounts on his/her name.
Should soccerpunter have reasonable grounds to believe that
multiple accounts have been opened with the intention to defraud
the company, soccerpunter reserves the right to cancel any
transaction related to said fraud attempt.
3.5. In respect to account holders having close family relationships,
soccerpunter reserves the right to limit all accounts to one
(1).
3.6. There are no set-up charges and no monthly fees for
maintaining Customer's account.
3.7. Either party is entitled to close the account at any
time. In the event of termination by soccerpunter, it shall
give notice of the termination to Customer via electronic
mail and, as soon as reasonably practicable. In the event
of termination by Customer, he/she shall give notice of the
termination to soccerpunter via electronic mail, fax or letter.
3.8. Customer understand that soccerpunter shall reserve
the right to decline or suspend any membership account at
its absolute discretion without assigning any reason.
3.9. Some customers may be eligible to participate in rebate
programs. Said bonus programs, as to their conditions, amount
and issuance, shall be subject to the discretion of soccerpunter,
and shall be non-transferable. Any bonus offered by soccerpunter
is limited to one (1) per household.
4. Login
4.1. The username and password should not be disclosed to
any third party. Customer is solely responsible for the security
of his/her user name and password.
4.2. Every person who identifies him/herself by entering
the correct username and password is assumed by soccerpunter
to be the rightful account holder/Customer and all transactions
where the username and password have been entered correctly
will be regarded as valid. In no event will soccerpunter be
liable for any loss Customer suffers as a result of any unauthorised
use or misuse of his/her login details.
5. Limit on Credits and Reimbursement
5.1. Soccerpunter reserves the right to limit the maximum
credit purchase at any one time by the Customer.
5.2. Soccerpunter do not process payment refunds.
5.3 Credits are not exchangeable for cash.
5.4 After your VIP Membership has expired, any unused credits will be forfeited. Please do a top-up to continue using SoccerPunter VIP services and your remaining credits will be rolled over and extended by another 30 days if you top-up for 2 credits.
6. Acceptance and Validation of Tips
6.1. Tips can be received via SMS Alert or logging into soccerpunter
website with the Customer's account username and password.
6.2. A tip is deemed to be valid following confirmation of
acceptance. This acceptance is demonstrated by receiving our
SMS Alert on the tips or by logging into soccerpunter website
with the Customer's account and then accessing the tips' page.
6.3. Any attempts to access the tips by viewing the tips'
page after the start of the game/event will be deemed to be
valid acceptance of tips.
6.4. If an event is cancelled and deemed void, there will
be no credit deduction.
6.5. Soccerpunter shall reserve the right to suspend, change
or withdraw any tip at its absolute discretion.
7. Results and Settlement
7.1. Results valid for determining the outcome of any tip
are those established by the respective sports federation
or other competent body governing the event. In the absence
of such ruling, results shall be determined by publications
of the National Press Agency of the country where the event
takes place.
7.2. One Credit will be credited to Customer's account following
an inaccurate prognostication of the final result.
7.3 One Credit will be debited from Customer's account upon SMS delivery or when Customer login to portal to view tip.
8. Discrepancy, Claims and Disputes
8.1. For all tips, the records and log files of soccerpunter
concerning the details of the tips are decisive.
8.2. Dates and times published by soccerpunter are purely
of indicative value. For the purpose of applying these Terms
and Conditions, the official times issued by the competent
governing body shall be applicable.
8.3. No claims or disputes shall be considered more than
seven (7) days after the date of the original transaction.
8.4. For disputes, claims or to report account discrepancies,
Customer shall contact soccerpunter.
9. Liability and Indemnity
9.1. soccerpunter shall in no way, and under no circumstances,
be liable for any damages or losses resulting from, but not
limited to:
(i) the cancellation of any game for any reason;
(ii) any errors or omissions in the website content;
(iii) misuse of the website content or the inability of any
person to use its tips service;
(iv) unauthorised use or misuse of Customer's username or
password;
(v) access delays, access interruptions, data non-delivery
or data mis-delivery;
(vi) any act of God or force majeure or other circumstance(s)
beyond its control;
(vii) information or otherwise contained on this web site
or through links, sponsors and email correspondence, whether
due to inaccuracy, error, omission, bad judgment or any reason
whatsoever.
9.2. soccerpunter cannot be held responsible for any typing
or human error in respect of the posting of tips, times or
results other than those intended. soccerpunter reserves the
right to correct obvious errors and void any affected tips.
9.3. Customer agrees to release, indemnify, and hold soccerpunter
harmless against any claim brought against the company by
a third party resulting from Customer's use of soccerpunter's
tips services in respect of all losses, actions, proceedings,
claims, damages, expenses or liabilities whatsoever suffered
and howsoever incurred by soccerpunter in consequence of Customers
non observance or breach of these Terms and Conditions.
9.4. soccerpunter is not responsible in any way regarding
placing bets through links or banners that placed on its site.
All visits to external links are purely responsibility of
your own nor do we endorse these sites. SoccerPunter.com does
not provide gaming or gambling capabilities on this site.
This is a sports information site, while odds and betting
lines are part of that information. It is very important to
check the laws and regulation in your own country regarding
gambling betting, as it might differ from country to country.
Please leave soccerpunter immediately if your country prohibits
online gambling, as we are not responsible for any legal matters
arising from using our services.
9.5. soccerpunter encourages you to exercise discretion while
browsing the Internet using this directory. The directory
may direct you to sites containing information that some people
may find offensive or inappropriate. soccerpunter is not responsible
for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency
of material contained in sites listed in the directory or
in the Materials.
9.6. The web sites listed in soccerpunter are not under the
control of soccerpunter and soccerpunter is NOT responsible
for of the contents of any linked site or any link contained
in a linked site, nor any changes or updates to such sites.
SoccerPunter is providing these web site listings for FREE,
but that must not be construed as soccerpunter's endorsement
of the said listed sites.
9.7. While care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of
the information in this website, soccerpunter and its affiliates
make no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, merchantability
or fitness for any purpose, of the information contained in
this website or as to the results obtained by any person from
the use of any information or investment product mentioned
in this website. soccerpunter reserves the right to make changes
to such information from time to time. Any change, omission
or error in such information, shall not form the basis for
any claim, demand or cause of action against soccerpunter
or any of its affiliates and soccerpunter and its affiliates
expressly disclaim liability for the same.
9.8. All efforts have been made by soccerpunter to ensure
that material on this site is accurate and that where the
material is not our own, that the proper parties have been
accredited. In the event that you believe that any material
appearing on these pages is your property or the copyright
of someone other than who it purports to belong to, then please
contact us at admin@soccerpunter.com
10. Data Protection
10.1. soccerpunter may share Customer's personal data with
any of its agents who may only use it for strictly the same
purposes as soccerpunter.
10.2. Unless Customer has indicated otherwise, soccerpunter
may contact Customer with product and service related information.
If Customer would prefer not to receive such communications,
he/she could opt out by contacting admin@soccerpunter.com.
10.3. Customer should assume that all website use, electronic
mails and telephone calls between him/her and soccerpunter
will be recorded. These recordings will be sole property of
soccerpunters and may be used as evidence in the event of
any dispute.
10.4. soccerpunter's Privacy Policy, explaining in full how
soccerpunter uses Customer's personal information and protects
his/her privacy, is available on this website.
11. Intellectual Property
11.1. The copyright in this website is owned by soccerpunter
or its licensors. No part or parts hereof may be reproduced,
distributed, adapted, modified, republished, displayed, broadcast,
hyperlinked, framed or transmitted in any manner or by any
means or stored in an information retrieval system without
the prior written permission of soccerpunter. However, you
may download and print the Materials on this website for personal,
non-commercial use only provided you do not modify the Materials
and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices
contained in the Materials.
11.2. You further acknowledge that any other use of the material
and content of this website is strictly prohibited and you
agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third
party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute,
commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material
and content.
12. Payment
12.1. The price you pay is the price displayed on this website
at the time we receive your order.
12.2. When we take payment from your credit card or debit
card at the time we receive your order, we will verify your
transaction details with our payment provider in attempts
to prevent fraudulent transactions. In the event that we suspect
a fradulent transaction, we will inform you of this as soon
as possible and a full refund will be given where you have already
paid for the service plans.
Disclaimer
We provide Sports information only, and do not
condone any illegal gambling of any nature. Further, we do not encourage,
support or condone any prohibited, illegal or restricted
gambling in any shape, form or manner.
THIS WEBSITE IS FOR ENTERTAINMENT
AND INFORMATIVE PURPOSES ONLY. WE DO NOT ACCEPT ANY WAGERING,
BETTING, GAMING OR GAMBLING IN ANY FORM OR MANNER.
Match Preview and News
Soccer Tips
In-Play 1X2 and Asian Handicap Soccer Tips increase your winning opportunity.
Read More
Today Match Fixtures
Want to bet on a match today? Check out the list of today match fixtures.
Read More
Soccer Match Results
Get the match results for all the soccer matches around the globe. Inclusive of half-time, full-time results.
Read More
Soccer Tipsters Competition
Are you an expert in soccer betting? Join SoccerPunter Tipsters competition to challenge against the top football tipsters and win prizes!
Read More
Copyright © 2002-2020 SoccerPunter Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.
A-Z Menu
Statement
Review
My Pick