http://www.greatgameproducts.com/privacypolicy
Login / Register
Contact us
About us
Home
Products
Downloads
Support
Locate Retailer
E-Books
Shopping Cart
My Account
Privacy Policy
Great Game Products, Inc
BRIDGEBARON.COM
GREATGAMEPRODUCTS.COM
PRIVACY POLICY
THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING THIS WEB SITE OR USING ANY SERVICE PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING ITS TERMS.
1. Privacy Statement. Great Game Products, Inc., a Maryland corporation ("GGP"), operates this Bridgebaron.com web site. GGP regards the privacy and security of user information as a critical component of the service that we offer to our users. The following information explains our information gathering and dissemination practices.
2. Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a web site if you do so. We use cookies to collect demographic and profile data for purposes of delivering content specific to your interests. Advertisers that display ads on our site may also use cookies.
3. IP Addresses. IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as "traffic data" so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. Great Game Product will not use your IP address to attempt to identify your personal information.
4. Referers. A Referer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and is automatically collected by our web server as "traffic data". This information is used by GGP to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information.
5. System Information. System information we collect as part of "traffic data" includes time, the type of web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information is sent automatically by your web browser when you are connected to a web site. This information is used by GGP in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. You will not be personally identified from this information.
6. Sharing of Information. GGP feels strongly that your personal data should only be seen by you, unless you choose to share it with others. We will never sell, rent, license or exchange personally identifiable data with a third party without your permission. No personally identifiable data or information will be shared with advertisers or partners without your permission. Some of your information may be shared on an aggregate basis only, as a part of a larger set of statistics (for example, statistics that indicate the percentage of our members that are female), but that information will not be sufficient to permit the recipient to identify you. Notwithstanding the forgoing, GGP will only disclose personally identifiable data without your permission in the following limited circumstances: (i) if GGP is required to do so by law, or (ii) if GGP has the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to applicable laws or comply with legal process served on GGP, or to protect and defend the rights or property of Great Game Products or another subscriber or to enforce the Terms of Use.
7. Other Web Sites, Links, And Advertisers. This web site contains links to other web sites. Great Game Products advertisers may also have links on this web site. The privacy practices of those advertisers or web sites linked to Great Game Products websites are not covered by this privacy statement and Great Game Products is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Additionally, if you make a purchase from a store or merchant listed on or linked to the Great Game Products web site, any information that you give, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to those merchants. These merchants have separate privacy and data collection practices and Great Game Products has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any linked sites before signing up with and using them.
8. Security. Information collected by Great Game Products is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. All of our employees are dedicated to maintaining and upholding your privacy and security and are aware of our privacy and security policies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Great Game Products cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
9. Contact Us. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of Great Game Products, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at:
Great Game Products, Inc.
11262 Georgia Avenue, Floor 2
Silver Spring MD 20902-4646
Contact: Tom Throop - tomthroop@bridgebaron.com Telephone:301-299-9005 Facsimile:301-765-8004
10. Modification of Privacy Policy By Great Game Products. Great Game Products reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy Policy.
Last Update: November 02,2017
Maryland Office Address
Great Game Products
11262 Georgia Ave
2nd Floor
Silver SPring, MD 20902
Phones
US and Canada :
1 800-GAMES-4-U (1 800-426-3748)
International - 202-558-7913
sales@greatgameproducts.com
How to reach us
help@greatgameproducts.com
Contact Us Form
Live Chat.
About Us
/				Privacy Policy
/				Terms & Conditions
/ Contact Us
/ Returns
/ Site Map
/ Gift Certificate
/ Affiliates
/ My Account
/ Order History
/ Wish List
/ Newsletter
Copyright 2003-2020 Great Game Products Inc.
Bridge Baron is a trademark of Great Game Products Inc.
Bridge Manager is a trademark of Brian Pratt.
Website created by:
EXTENSA WEB DEVELOPMENT