https://www.crafty-games.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Crafty-Games.com Privacy Policy
A. Introduction
The privacy of our website visitors is very important to us, and we are committed to safeguarding it. This policy explains what we do with your personal information.
Consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website permits us to use cookies every time you visit our website.
B. Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (www.seqlegal.com) and modified by Website Planet (www.websiteplanet.com)
C. Collecting personal information
The following types of personal information may be collected, stored, and used on this site:
information about your computer including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, and operating system;
information about your visits to and use of this website including the referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths;
information that you enter when you register with our website, such as your email address;
information that you enter when you create a profile on our website or forum — for example, your name, profile picture(s), gender, birthday, relationship status, interests & hobbies, educational details, and employment details;
information that you enter in order to set up subscriptions to our emails and/or newsletters, such as your name and email address;
information that you enter while using the services on our website;
information that is generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it;
information relating to anything you purchase, services you use, or transactions you make through our website, which includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card details;
information that you post to our website with the intention of publishing said information on the internet, such as your username, profile picture(s), and the content of your posts;
information contained in any communications that you send to us by email or through our website, including all related content and metadata;
any other personal information that you send to us.
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
D. Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us through our website is used for the purposes specified in this policy and on relevant pages of the website. We may use your personal information for the following:
administering our website and business;
personalizing our website for you;
enabling your use of the services available on our website;
sending you goods purchased through our website;
supplying services purchased through our website;
sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you;
sending you non-marketing commercial communications;
sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer desire the newsletter);
sending you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer desire marketing communications);
providing third parties with statistical information about our users (those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from this information);
dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
keeping our website secure and preventing fraud;
verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website, which may include monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service; and
other uses.
If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
E. Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies, including our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries, as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk;
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
F. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
Information that we collect may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area, including but not limited to the United States of America, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
a. Information is transferred to our fulfillment partners for the express purpose of shipping orders made through our website.
Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section F.
G. Retaining personal information
This Section G sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.
Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Without prejudice to article G-2, we will usually delete personal data falling within the categories set out below at the date/time set out below:
customer data type will be deleted after seven (7) years of inactivity on the site (“inactivity” being defined as not logging in, downloading, or making a purchase from our site); or within ten (10) business days of a request to delete customer data;
personal data type will be deleted within ten (10) business days of a request to delete personal data.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section G, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk.
H. Security of your personal information
We take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.
We store all personal information you provide on secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
All electronic financial transactions entered into through our website are protected by encryption technology.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are responsible for keeping confidential the password you use for accessing our website; we will never ask you for your password, except when you log in to our website.
Payments on our website are processed through PayPal and Square. When processing payments, some of your encrypted data will be passed to these services, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information. Please see the Paypal and Square privacy policies for more details.
I. Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
J. Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to the following:
the payment of a service fee totaling $10 USD; and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity; for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport or current US driver’s license certified by a notary.
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
K. Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
L. Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated. We will happily make those changes as requested.
M. Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie is stored by a web browser and remains valid until its set expiration date, unless deleted by the user before the expiration date. A session cookie, on the other hand, expires at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
we use Google Analytics and Adwords on our website to recognize a computer when a user visits the website, to track users as they navigate the website, to analyze the use of the website, and to improve the website’s usability;
we use WooCommerce cookies to enable the use of a shopping cart on the website, and to allow you access to your purchases;
we use WordPress cookies to administer the website, to prevent fraud and improve the security of the website, and to personalize the website for each user;
we use WordPress and SimpleMachines cookies to keep you logged in to the site and/or forums.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies — for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools,” “Internet Options,” “Privacy,” and then “Advanced”;
in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” “Privacy,” selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Content settings,” and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
You can delete cookies already stored on your computer — for example:
in Internet Explorer (version 10), you can manually delete cookie files as detailed at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835 ;
in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies,” and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Clear browsing data,” and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data.”
Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites. If you delete cookies, you may not have access to all the features on our website.
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
This site uses cookies in order to enable shopping and improve your experience. More information on how we use and retain data is available in our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree