https://www.thetanooki.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy – The Tanooki
Something useful will go here one day. Really, it will.
Skip to content
Home
Wii U
Nintendo 3DS
PlayStation 4
PS Vita
Xbox One
PC
Mobile
Reviews
Features
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser — if you allow — that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.thetanooki.com/.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Tanooki
contact [at] thetanooki [dot] com
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
POPULAR
RECENT
COMMENTS
Playing Xenoblade Chronicles 3D on your New Nintendo 3DS XL? You can safely sell these items
Here's a list of all "Materials" you might have sitting in your inventory that you can safely sell as soon as you obtain them, clearing up inventory space and lining your wallet in the process.
2016 Game Awards Predictions & Opinions
The Game Awards starts tonight at 9PM EST. Just for some fun, I thought I'd give a look at the nominations and give my thoughts on what I think will win and what personally is my pick for each category. Enjoy folks!
Users report Kinect causing RROD on Xbox 360s
The new full body motion control system instigates a new wave of errors.
Sega Master System coming to the Virtual Console
Super Mario Bros. papercraft diorama
What won't return when Donkey Kong Country Returns?
Although we're thrilled for his return, Donkey's new adventure won't bring back everything we loved.
GameStop Keldeo Pokémon distribution begins today
Latest Pokemon distribution to run nationwide through October 6th.
Japanese hardware sales, November 19-25
Opinion: No Virtual Console For The Switch Is A Bad Move
I'm a gamer. Explicitly, I'd say I'm a massive retro gamer.
In between...
EA Says It Learned From Battlefront 2: Prove It
There's a lot of emotions the letters EA elicit from the gaming community. Anger,...
Far Cry 5 Has An Ending Problem
To say I was disappointed with Far Cry 5 is an understatement: It's the...
Level Up! A new gaming and eSports podcast!
Hey everyone! It's been a while since I've updated people who follow this site...
E3 2017 Predictions & Preview: Nintendo Spotlight
It's the final one gamers! We've previewed EA, Ubiosoft, Xbox, and PlayStation. That only...
Microsoft unveils Xbox One X (formerly Project Scorpio), coming November 7th for $499
At this afternoon's Xbox E3 Media Briefing, Microsoft finally pulled the curtain off their...
E3 2017 Predictions & Preview: PlayStation Press Conference
We're down to the final stretch here folks! E3 is just days away and...
E3 2017 Predictions & Preview: Xbox Media Briefing
Another week, another preview to knock out before the big event. This week we...
MagcargoMan says, "Who would have thought SJWs were around back in 2007. Could you be possibly reaching any h…"
51 years ago
A Rare Working U.S. Version of the Nintendo 64DD Has Been Discovered - N Video Games says, "[…] which according to Ars, most dev kits had (you can see the blue plastic in the i…"
51 years ago
Mark says, "I'd love for an updated article with more choices in the $60 - $300 range if you can find …"
51 years ago
True Radiant Free says, "Who are you?…"
51 years ago
AuronZanark says, "Fire Emblem Maker is more feasible than Legend of Zelda Maker.…"
51 years ago
Julian Gateir says, "Did anyone else notice the girl picking her nose in the beginning?…"
51 years ago
edward says, "Thanks for the giveaway my man, may the lucky one wins.…"
51 years ago
Tony says, "There is an update now that makes it compatible with Mac!
it can be downloaded here
http…"
51 years ago
TANOOKI FRIENDS
VGChartz
Gamewise
Zelda Informer
Nintendo Everything
Gamnesia
TendoWii
Creative Uncut
Nintendo Wii Zone
Be our friend!
FOLLOW US
Our Network
The Tanooki
The Tanooki
Tanooki Originals
Podcast
Reviews
News Tips
Apply
Gaming News
Wii U
PlayStation Vita
Nintendo 3DS
Xbox 360
PlayStation 3
Wii
Nintendo DS
PlayStation Portable
PC/Mac
Mobile
Get Connected
RSS Feed
Twitter
Facebook
Viddler
Copyright © 2007-2020, The Tanooki. All Rights Reserved. The Tanooki is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
About Us
Our Staff
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise With Us