http://www.chumashcasino.com/privacy-policy
Entertainment
Resort
Hotel
Pool
Spa
Dining
Shopping
Lounges
Casino
The Club
Slots
Table Games
Poker
Bingo
High Limit Room
Dining
Promotions
The Club
Email Sign Up
SMS Sign Up
Call Us
Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Chumash Casino Resort. We are committed to safe-guarding privacy on our web site. This policy may be updated as new Internet technology becomes available.
Our overall policy is to use our best efforts to respect the privacy of all our online guests. Our web server recognizes and records certain non-personal information about visitors, such as browser, Internet service provider and type of operating system. This information is only used for internal review purposes on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis. We do not access any personally identifiable facts in the process. Visitors are not required to register to use our site.
Contests
From time to time Chumash Casino Resort conducts consumer contests on its web site. The information gathered from participants remains confidential and is used on an aggregate basis. By participating in these contests, entrants grant Chumash Casino Resort the right to use and publish their proper name and state of residence online, in print and in any other media. See Contest Rules and Regulations. Those individuals chosen as winners will be notified directly by our office and will be given the opportunity to refuse any prizes, thereby avoiding publication of their name.
SMS
Chumash Casino takes protecting your privacy seriously. We will never, under any circumstances, sell or otherwise distribute your cell phone numbers to third parties or Chumash Casino's partners for which you have not opted in. We will not market to you directly any services for which you have not opted in, either by cell phone text message or email. We will never distribute any personal information about you, including your phone number, name, billing information, or any other piece of identifying information. We will only provide you with exclusive and informative mobile content, and never spam.
Information We Collect
At Chumash Casino Resort, customer service is our priority. Therefore, the information we collect is used to enhance the services we offer you. We will not obtain personal information about you unless you provide such information to us. We use this information to respond to requests and improve our service. In cases when we may need personal information to provide visitors with information tailored especially for them or to inform them about new features or services, visitors are asked explicitly for that information. All identifiable information provided will not be disclosed to anyone unless Chumash Casino Resort is specifically requested to do so by law enforcement. Chumash Casino Resort does not give or sell to anyone any information we collect on our site. We use Google Analytics as collect aggregate information about visitors to our site. Part of Google Analytics is the collection of advertising information that consists of demographic information (age, gender) and Interest information (affinity groups or categories). None of the information collected by Google Analytics identifies individual users; it is only information collected in aggregate.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. They provide greater security for sites that provide personalized information. Cookies are commonly used by web sites to provide identification. The cookie you accept is uniquely yours and can be read only by the server that gave it to you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. If you wish to the Google Analytics Advertising information collected in cookies you can click here to opt out.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting Us
Chumash Casino Resort recognizes that visitors to our web site are concerned about the information they provide to us and how we use that information. Our Privacy Policy has been developed to address potential concerns. If you ever feel uncertain about whether this site is following the privacy policy we have described here, please notify us by e-mail.
We will make every reasonable effort to find and correct the problem promptly.
21 and Over Policy
Gaming at Chumash Casino Resort is restricted to persons age 21 and over. We have no intention to collect any personal information from anyone under 21. Offers, promotions, or contests we conduct are not open to persons under 21. We reserve the right to verify age at any time for any reason and may reject anyone who does not produce legal, valid identification upon request. If a minor has provided us with personal information such as name, address, telephone number or email address, their parent or guardian should contact us as provided below to identify all information to be removed.
Ownership
Chumash Casino Resort is a wholly-owned instrumentality of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians. Nothing on this web site is intended to, nor shall in any way limit or subject the sovereignty of Chumash Casino Resort or the Chumash Tribal Government.