https://www.eaglemtncasino.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What this policy covers
Your privacy is important to us and so is being clear and open about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This document is intended to help you understand:
How we collect your information
What information we collect about you
How we intend to use any information that we collect
How we may share information we collect
How we store and keep secure any information we collect
How you can access and control your information
Other important privacy information
This Privacy Policy covers the information that we collect about you as user of our website located at URL https://www.eaglemtncasino.com/ (“Website”) or as a guest of our casino.  “Eagle Mountain Casino”, “we” and “us” refers to Tule River Tribe Gaming Authority, dba Eagle Mountain Casino.
By using the Website or participating in gaming at our casino, you expressly consent to our collection of your information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.  This Policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Website or as we incorporate suggestions from our users and customers. Any material changes will be effective immediately.  The amended Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Website.
How we collect your information
We collect information about you:
When you interact with our website, use our Website contact form or sign-up for Summit Club;
When you participate in gaming activity, through the use of our player tracking and game/ machine management software and your Summit Club card;
When you request a credit line extension or request jackpot processing/ payout;
When you participate in our promotional activities, such as redeeming offers, registering for an event or collecting a prize;
When you purchase event tickets through the Website or make retail purchases at our casino;
When you communicate with us through email; and
Through the use of “cookies”, tracking pixels, and similar technologies. “Cookies” are small files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive.
What information we collect about you
We collect the following types of information about you, as further described below.
Your name, address, date of birth, gender, phone number(s) and email address(es);
Your gaming win/loss data and machine transactions by game and denomination, when you use our Summit Club card;
Your bank account information, identification, social security number, resident alien status and source of funds and other background information when we undertake “Know Your Customer” and “Customer Due Diligence” investigations;
Your usage and response to promotional activities;
Your purchases and transactional information;
The Internet address (IP address, MAC identification) of the computer or device you use to access the Website, the type of browser you use the times you access the Website, the articles you review, and the products that you inquire about and purchase; and
Your navigation through the Website, what content you seek and functions you use.
How we intend to use any information that we collect
We use information we collect about you in order:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your specific requests, such as to send you information you request or e-mail alerts;
To provide you with eligible rewards and promotion information based on your profile and game and winnings history;
To conduct “Know Your Customer” and “Customer Due Diligence” investigations as required;
To send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding the Website, changes to this Privacy Policy and/or other administrative information;
To facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, identify Website usage trends, personalize your experience on the Website, and determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, through use of cookies;
To conduct security and surveillance investigations associated with your gaming activities, to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of our policies;
To conduct analytics/internal reporting regarding our Website;
To provide information to claims adjusters; and
To make disclosures under the requirements of any applicable law, such as tax reporting, and to comply with legal process or in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including meeting national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements.
How we may share information we collect
We will not sell or share your information to anyone, for any purpose except for the following:
With our service providers who are performing a data processing service for us, such as to fulfill event ticket purchases through eTix ;
With vendors such as direct mail providers and email providers for the purpose of delivering offers and communication to you;
As required to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, including providing information to the IRS for tax reporting purposes, to FinCEN for anti-money laundering requirements, and to our auditors and the gaming commission;
With insurance claims adjusters for claims involving your participation in gaming activities at our casino;
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other regulatory or public authorities in response to lawful requests, including, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion; and
In addition, we may disclose information that is not in personally identifiable form for any purpose. If we combine information that is not in personally identifiable form with information that is (such as combining your name with your geographical location), we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information as long as it is combined.
How we store and keep secure any information we collect
We are committed to protecting the data of Website users and casino patrons. Even though we take reasonable precautions to protect your data, no security measures can be 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of your data.  Your information is stored in our player tracking and game/ machine management software as required for FinCEN/IRS compliance.  Accounts in our player tracking system are deactivated after 12 months of no activity.  We also keep hard copies of tax forms.  Your gaming and offer redemption data will be kept indefinitely by us but we reserve the right to delete after a certain time period.  Your tax documentation is retained for ten years.
We limit the disclosure of your information to vendors providing processing services for us and to our select employees who have a need to know in order for us to perform our functions.  All recipients of your information are required to sign non-disclosure or confidentiality agreements under which they agree to restricted use and non-disclosure of your information.   Information that we provide to authorized agencies and regulators is protected and shared within the confines of the Safe Harbor protection (and only with authorized agencies as detailed by FinCEN).    Any claim related information (general liability) is shared with our claims adjuster via a secure claim tracking system or on occasion through email.  The information shared with the claims adjusters is protected as confidential information under our insurance agreements.
How you can access and control your information
You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format.   When Eagle Mountain Casino collects your information, we generally offer you the opportunity to choose whether your information may be (i) used by us for marketing purposes, or (ii) used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you.  Unless Eagle Mountain Casino offers you an appropriate choice regarding the use of your information, Eagle Mountain Casino will only use your information for purposes that are materially the same as those indicated in this Privacy Policy except (i) as otherwise required by applicable law or legal process, or (ii) in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements.
Other important privacy information
Children are not eligible to use the Website.  We ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us or attempt to use the Website under any circumstance.  We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age or have any reasonable grounds for believing that children under the age of 13 are accessing or using the Website. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will notify you by sending you an email notification. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy whenever you use our Website to stay informed about our information practices and the ways that you can help protect your own privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Policy, we politely suggest that you should stop using the Website and not participate in any gaming activities at our casino and deactivate your account.
This Website is owned and operated by Tule River Tribe Gaming Authority, dba Eagle Mountain Casino.  If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about Eagle Mountain Casino’s privacy commitment, please feel free to email us at support@eaglemtncasino.com to contact one of our representatives.