https://www.cod4central.com/site-privacy.php
Guides
Advanced Guides
Advanced Tactics
Advanced Tactics 2
Advanced Tactics 3
General Guide
Infantry Handbook
Tactical Teamwork
Two Man Fireteams
Team Spotting
Top Tips
Combat Guides
Combat Guide
Close Quarters
Rushing Guide
Killstreaking
Claymores
Grenades
Sniping Guides
Ultimate Sniping Guide
Astalano's Sniping Guide
Sniping Locations
No-Scoping
Bolt No-Scoping
Overkill Sniping
Sniping Videos
Stealth Guides
Stealth Guide
Ghost Guide
Stealth Tips
Ninja Guide
More
Media
Wallpapers
Screenshots
Videos
Mod Tools
Load Screens
Site
Forums Archive
Search
Contact
Support
Game Info
MW Patch Notes
CoD 4 Info
Quotes
Storyline
Demo
Reviews
Campaign
Walkthrough
Intel Locations
Achievements
Cheats
Modern Warfare
Privacy and Disclaimer
Legal Information
CoD4 Central is a fan site and is in no way affiliated with Infinity Ward. Call of Duty 4 and Modern Warfare is a trademark of Infinity Ward, no copyright or trademark infringements are intended.
Copyright
All design elements and content within the domain cod4central.com are copyright © 2009-2020, CoD4 Central. You are not allowed to use any the material found on CoD4 Central on your site or within any other publications.
Privacy Statement
Each time you visit our site our server logs the following information :
Your IP Address
The time and date you accessed the site
The site you came from
The information is used to determine the number of visitors each section of the site gets.
Google Privacy Policy:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
About AD serving
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Disclaimer
We are not responsible for any messages posted on our forums. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages may express the views of the author of the message, which may not always be views of the CoD4Central.com Staff. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by private message. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary. You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this our forums to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violate any law.
Back to Top
Call of Duty is a registered trademark of Infinity Ward / Activision.
Copyright © 2008-2019 CoD4Central | Privacy Policy