http://www.smartluck.com/smart-luck-policies.htm
Smart Luck Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we have created this page to explain our online policies for information gathering.
This policy is subject to change at any time.
Visit this page for updates.
You can find a quick link to this page always under the Purchase section
of the main menu of our site.
Data Collection
When visiting web sites, certain information about you and your computer can sometimes be collected. This section explains what information Smart Luck collects, and how it is used.
We do not collect any identifiable data about our visitors, unless you submit that information to us.
On some pages of our site, you can order products, sign up for an email list, or contact us with questions.
The types of personal information collected at these pages may include: name, email address, address, phone number, credit/debit information.
3rd Party Disclosure
Customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred,
or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without the consent of
the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product
or service requested by the customer.
How We Use Personal Information
If you sign up for our email list or send us an email,
we may use your name to locate your product purchases in our database so we can help you.
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send
you information and updates pertaining to your order.
We do not share this information with anyone or use it for another purpose.
We use your order information to complete the order or contact you about your order.
We do not sell or rent or reveal your e-mail address or any other personal information to anyone.
Privacy Information Security
For your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on
our servers. When you place an order with us, your information is sent to us,
and stored in our company database.
Our database
is not physically connected to the Internet and therefore cannot be "hacked."
We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy.
We provide a secure order system (the site is certified by Comodo and protected with a security certificate)
for safe Internet ordering.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information
from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your
browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify
you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our web site uses cookies in the cart checkout system.
Opt-In / Opt-Out
Our clients may be sent email updates relating to product releases, if they have indicated they would like to receive these types of updates.
If you wish to either opt-in or opt-out of the use of your information you may do so by contacting us.
We do not send unsolicited emails to our customers, but we do have an opt-in list for those who choose
to sign up and receive e-mail information from us about new products.
If you're a member of Facebook, join Gail Howard's Smart Luck Facebook Page
to get updates from us on your Facebook newsfeed. We will update the page for new product releases, holiday discounts, and other relevant news.
We do not use or share user information for any purpose.
Dispute Resolution
Disputes will be handled by our customer service representatives. Our customer service will promptly correct any errors.
For product returns, please view our return policy.
How to Contact Us
View our contact page here. We provide toll free numbers which are answered by people who know the products.
We also have email support.
Other Policies
Product Return Policy
Shipping Information
Terms and Conditions
ORDER (M-F 8am-5pm EST): 1-727-441-8906TECH SUPPORT (M-F 1pm-5pm EST): 1-727-441-8714
Lottery Winning Systems & Strategies
CART
Turn a game of luck into a game of skill!™
Menu
Home
About
About Smart Luck
Mission Statement
Media Appearances
Articles
Winners
Proof of Winners
Winners' Testimonials
Winners' News Articles
Products
Lottery Books
Lottery Software
Software Upgrades
Purchase
View Shopping Cart
Mail-In Order Form
Which Products to Order
Shipping and Payments
Media Options
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Free Tips
Basic Info - Methods to Win
Balanced Game
70% Best Lotto Sums
Odds of Winning
Lotto Wheels Explained
Balanced Lotto Wheels
Free Lotto Wheels
Free Lotto Tips
Free Software Demos
Support
FAQ
Lottery Updater
SlhEdit Program
Lotto Result Files
Software Downloads
Lotto Terms Glossary
Comments and Reviews
Contact Smart Luck
News
Links
Fast Links
USA Lotteries
International Lotteries
Lottery Fans
This site and all contents are protected under international copyright laws.
© Smartluck, Inc. . All rights reserved worldwide.
SitemapTerms and Conditions