http://www.chumashcasino.com/sms-help
Entertainment
Resort
Hotel
Pool
Spa
Dining
Shopping
Lounges
Casino
The Club
Slots
Table Games
Poker
Bingo
High Limit Room
Dining
Promotions
The Club
Email Sign Up
SMS Sign Up
Call Us
SMS Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Mobile phone user privacy is extremely important to us at Chumash Casino. The agreement process is commenced by a user texting CHUMASH to 54000. An Opt-In SMS text message to the user’s Mobile Phone is then triggered. The user can then accept this agreement by replying YES MM/DD/YYYY (birthdate) to the Opt-In SMS text message. At any time, the user can cancel Chumash Casino SMS Service’s by texting STOP to 54000 or replying STOP to any message.
Limitations
Chumash Casino’s Location Service is available only on Verizon, Boost, AT&T, T-Mobile®, Sprint, U.S. Cellular & Virgin Mobile. T-Mobile® is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. The location service will not be available if the phone is roaming or is turned off. Other Network Carriers will be added as they become available.  You must be 21 years of age or older to use this service.
Message and Data rates may apply.  Consent is not a condition of purchase
To sign-up text LOCATION to 54000.  To cancel: Text STOP to 54000.  For Support text HELP to 54000 or call TOLL FREE 800-339-0219 or email: smshelp@chumashcasino.com
Privacy
All customer data will be used only by Chumash Casino and our partners to provide these services.  We will not pass-on or re-sell your data to any third party. Location coordinate data is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology into password protected servers.  This information is retained in memory long enough for Chumash Casino to determine and send the appropriate message and is never stored in a persistent format and is accessible only by the service for determining location and triggering text messages.
Your Consent
By using Chumash Casino’s Service, (you) the user consents to our privacy policy.  To review our Privacy Policy please visit PRIVACY POLICY
Changes to Privacy Policy
In the case of changes to Chumash Casino’s privacy policy, we will post those changes to PRIVACY POLICY
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or Chumash Casino’s service, you may contact us using the information below.
Chumash Casino
3400 E Hwy 246
Santa Ynez, CA 93460
SMS Help Hotline: 800-339-0219
smshelp@chumashcasino.com