https://www.game-hosting.com/privacy-policy
Company
Our Story-The beginning
The People Behind
Privacy Policy
Who we are:
Last updated: February 20th, 2020
Game-Hosting GH AB, Kungsgatan 71, 753 21 Uppsala, Sweden (”We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Our definition of personal data is based on the privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data  that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting you accept that your personal data are processed as described in this policy.
Information we collect from you
We do not collect any information from you when you visit our website by using cookies or similar technologies.
The only information we obtain and store is the information that you give us by corresponding with us by phone, email or other means. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address, phone number and corporate information.
Use made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
To manage our relationship with our customers which includes processing information for the purposes of customer administration, analysis and reporting on the basis of our legitimate interest to build and maintain strong customer relationships;
To incorporate your information in our databases for the purposes verification of customer identity and solvency, fraud detection and prevention on the basis of our legitimate interest to ensure that we only contract with trustworthy customers and/or legal obligations;
To provide you with information about other services or products we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about on the basis of our legitimate interest to market our products and services;
To provide you with information about services or products we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means with information about services or products similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this;
To notify you about changes to our service on the basis of our legitimate interest to ensure a good client relationship or where necessary in the context of a contract entered into between you and us;
Disclosure of your information
You acknowledge that we may share your personal information, for the above mentioned purposes, with:
Any member of our company.
We will not sell, purchase, provide, exchange or in any other manner disclose your account or transaction data, or personal information about you to anyone outside our company.
We will only disclose personal data if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Game-Hosting GH AB our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your data
The data that given by you to us will be stored inside the European Economic Area (”EEA”).
Your rights
You have the right (i) to obtain confirmation whether we hold your personal data and the right to access those data; (ii) to request correction of inaccurate personal data; (iii) under the conditions provided in the General Data Protection Regulation, to ask for deletion of your personal data, to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data and to portability.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Where processing is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
How long we keep your data
We keep personal data of our customers for the term of the customer relationship and an additional period which depends on the applicable statutory retention and limitation periods.
Other personal data is kept for the term necessary to achieve the purpose for which the personal data was collected.
For more information with regard to the retention of your data, please contact us at the email address given below.
Changes to our privacy policy
From time to time this Privacy Policy can be modified by Game-Hosting GH AB. Such modifications will not apply retroactively.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to sales@game-hosting.com
FollowFollow
©Game-Hosting GH AB. All rights reserved.
Game-Hosting Cloud
Operation Services
Network Performance Optimization
Multicloud Services
Locations
Privacy Policy
Contact Us