http://www.carling.com/terms
Skip to main content
TERMS & CONDITIONS
TERMS & CONDITIONSTHIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ONLY FOR USE BY PEOPLE WHO ARE 18 OR OVER,BY CONTINUING TO USE THIS WEBSITE YOU ARE CONFIRMING THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE AND ACCEPT OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT BELOW. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 OR DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST LEAVE THIS WEBSITE IMMEDIATELY.CARLING ‘Made local Fund’ Application 2019 – FULL TERMS & CONDITIONSThese terms and conditions prevail in the event of any conflict or inconsistency with any other communications, including advertising or promotional materials. Nomination instructions on all marketing materials and websites are deemed to form part of these terms and conditions.1. The Promoter & Data Controller is: Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, 137 High Street, Burton upon Trent, DE14 1JZ a company registered in England and Wales with company number 26018. Do not send nominations to this address as they will not be accepted.2. This promotion is only open to consumers who are aged 18 years or over and who are resident in Great Britain (“Nominees”).3. This promotion will include pub led activations advertised through selected pubs (“Pub Activations”) and Carling led activations advertised through Carling (“Carling Activations”). The nomination period for the Carling Activations opens at 12.00hrs on 1st February 2019 and closes at 23.59hrs on 31st January 2020 (“Carling Nomination Period”). The nomination periods for the Pub Activations open on 13th May 2019 and close at 23.59hrs on 14th July 2019 and then open again on 14th October 2019 and close at 23.59hrs on 8th December 2019 (“Pub Nomination Period”). Only one nomination per person per day permitted. Nominating the same project numerous times will not increase the chances of the nomination being selected.4. To submit a nomination, during the Carling Nomination Period and Pub Nomination Period, Nominees must visit www.carling.com/apply-for-fund to submit their nomination. Alternatively, Nominees in outlets owned by JD Wetherspoon, Marston’s Robinson’s and Everard’s, can complete and submit the nomination form available at the participating outlet, detailing the project they would like to nominate and place it into the ballot box provided at the participating outlet. All nominations must follow and comply with the ‘Nomination Guidelines’ below:i. Keep it about the community. We want to help with problems that need fixing outside of the pub and in the wider community;ii. The nomination should enable sociability. We want to be as inclusive as possible. Your idea should benefit more than just a few people and benefit as many of the wider community as possible;iii. Make sure your nomination is a tangible project. We can’t just give a monetary donation to a local cause;iv. Make sure the audience is right for Carling. We cannot support projects that primarily or solely directly benefit children.5. During the Carling Nomination Period, the Promoter will provide a total minimum funding contribution of £90,000 towards selected community projects and their fulfilment. During the Pub Nomination Period, the Promoter will provide a total minimum funding contribution of £260,000 towards selected community projects and their fulfilment. The Promoter cannot guarantee the number of projects that can be fulfilled and the proportion of contribution per project.6. The Carling Nomination Period consists of two (2) rounds. Round 1 includes six (6) nomination periods as follows: 1st February 2019 – 31st March 2019, 1st April 2019 – 31st May 2019, 1st June 2019 – 31st July 2019, 1st August 2019 – 30th September 2019, 1st October 2019 – 30th November 2019 and 1st December 2019 – 31st January 2020, each period is a “Carling Nomination Round”. Round 2 is the “Carling Voting and Selection Round” which will start at the end of each Carling Nomination Round and will end within thirty (30) days of each Carling Nomination Round. The judging and selection round for nominations received for the Pub Activations will take place on selective dates between 26th July 2019 - 23rd August 2019 and 6th January 2020 - 31st January 2020 (judging days will vary per pub customer) (“Pub Judging and Selection Round”).7. The Promoter cannot guarantee that a Nominee’s project will be selected. Our third-party fulfilment Agency “Semble” and other representatives will choose winning nominations based on the “Nomination Criteria”. The Promoter cannot accept any responsibility for, and reserves the right to refuse, entries which are corrupt, incomplete, indecipherable, are not in accordance with the entry instructions or fail to arrive by the end of the nomination periods. No responsibility will be accepted for any entries that are delayed or that are unable to be sent due to lack of network coverage, delays, postal issues or any other reason beyond the Promoter’s control.8. During each Carling Voting and Selection Round and the Pub Judging and Selection Round, the voting and selection panel will consist of representatives from the Promoter and “Semble” (the Promoter’s agency supporting with the promotion). The voting panel for the Pub Judging and Selection Round will also consist of pub customer representatives. The judging criteria will include: that the nomination abides by the Nomination Guidelines, is perceived to have a significant local community benefit (in the opinion of the panel), complies with any applicable laws and any other criteria set by the Promoter. The decision on winning projects is final and no correspondence will be entered into.9. The scope of each project, the funding of each project and execution of each project is at the discretion of the Promoter. ”Semble” will contact the relevant third parties to fulfil each nominated project. “Semble” shall procure each project and sub-contract the works to deliver each project.10. Successful nominations will be notified via email or telephone provided with the nomination on www.carling.com/apply-for-fund within thirty (30) days of each Carling Voting and Selection Round and the Pub Judging and Selection Round. Unsuccessful nominations will not be contacted. The Nominee will be subject to a verification process to confirm that they satisfy these terms and conditions. Nominees will not win a prize if their nomination is successful.11. If the beneficiary of a nomination does not respond to their notification that they have been nominated to benefit from the project, or the scope of the project changes or they do not wish to accept the project, this will result in their nomination being forfeited and an alternative beneficiary will be selected based on a reserve chosen at the time of the original selection and under the same terms and conditions as the original selection. The new beneficiary of a nomination will then be notified.12. By entering a nomination, all Nominees will be deemed to have accepted and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. All nomination instructions form part of these Terms and Conditions.13. The Promoter reserves the right to disqualify any Nominee if it has reasonable grounds to believe the Nominee has breached any of the terms and conditions.14. Each successful project in whole or in part is non-transferable. No cash or alternative project will be offered in whole or in part, except that in the event of circumstances outside of its control, the Promoter reserves the right to substitute a project of equal or greater value.15. The Promoter reserves the right to amend, alter or terminate this promotion at any time due to circumstances beyond its control and also change and/ or appoint another fulfilment agency to assist with completion of the promotion.16. Any personal data relating to Nominees will be used solely in accordance with current Data Protection Act 2018 and will not be disclosed to a third party (other than the Promoter’s agencies for the purpose of servicing/ implementing the promotion and projects and customers) without the individual’s prior written consent.17. If the Promoter has grounds to suspect any Nominee or third party of cheating, deception, or fraudulent conduct of any kind the Promoter or the participating outlet reserves the right (in its sole discretion) to disqualify any Nominee or person it reasonably believes to be responsible for, or associated with, such activity. Failure by the Promoter or the participating outlet to enforce any of their rights at any stage does not constitute a waiver of those rights.18. To the fullest extent permissible by law, the Promoter shall not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever which is suffered or sustained as a result of participation in the promotion or redemption of a project.19. The Promoter does not take responsibility for, recommend or guarantee the performance of any contractual or other obligations of third parties associated with the projects and shall not be liable for any fraud committed by any third party.20. With the exception of death or personal injury arising out of the Promoter’s negligence or the negligence of its employees, fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law, all liability whatsoever on the part of the Promoter for any costs, expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, injury or disappointment including any loss of profits, business, contracts, revenues or anticipated savings and whether special, direct, indirect, consequential, suffered by the Nominee howsoever arising in connection with the promotion are excluded.21. The name of each successful Nominee and brief details of their nominated project will be available by sending a SAE to Carling -Made Local 2019, Molson Coors Brewing Company (UK) Limited, 137 High Street, Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire DE14 1JZ from 30 (thirty) days after the end of each Carling Voting and Selection Round and Pub Judging and Selection Round for a period of 3 months.22. Successful Nominees may be required to participate in reasonable unpaid publicity as specified by the Promoter. The Promoter reserves the right to use successful Nominee’s name and reference their project and publish those details on, Carling social media pages and PR.23. These Terms and Conditions, this promotion and any other dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.24. The Promoter does not intend to use this promotion in any way to encourage the excessive consumption of alcohol. COMPETITIONS AND PROMOTIONSFrom time to time, this website may include competitions for which additional terms, which form part of these terms and conditions, apply.Here are the current competitions and promotions on carling.com:They Score You Score Terms & ConditionsPremier League ticket Giveaway Terms & ConditionsCarling Win Premier League Prizes Every Day Promotion 2017Molson Coors Horserace Sweepstake Promotions 2017IOTB Terms and ConditionsGoal of the monthCarling extra timeIn off the Bar Twitter Terms and ConditionsPremier League Tickets - Social Competition Terms and ConditionsYour Pint Can Promotion 2018. Terms and ConditionsCarling Golden Can Promotion 2018 – Full Terms and ConditionsCarling Tesco “Score £250” Promotion 2018 – Full Terms and ConditionsCarling Sizzling Community ActionCarling Season Ticket Giveaway 2018Carling Spin to Win – TAFARN TREGANNA FULL TERMS AND CONDITIONSCarling Tap T&CsCarling They Score You Spin Prize Promotion (activated by our Carling Match Day Squad in participating pubs running from November 2018 – December 2018)Carling Free Glass Promotion 2019