http://www.scssoft.com/privacy
Home
Privacy policy
INFORMATION ON PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
PREAMBLE
SCS Software s.r.o. with its registered office at Jihlavská 1558/21, Michle, 140 00 Praha 4, Czechia, Identification Number: 28181301, entered into Commercial Register maintained by the Prague City Court, Section C., Insert No. 131111 (“we” or “Company”) provides you with the following information (“Information”) in accordance with the requirements set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”).
Personal data means any information which can be used to identify you or which is attributable to you as a natural person. Please do not send us any of your personal data if you do not want them to be used in the ways described in this document.
Any terms undefined in this Information which are defined in GDPR shall have the same meaning as in GDPR. In this Information, there are also links to special documents concerning personal data processing in certain specific situations (such as in case of job applicants); such special documents shall prevail over this Information in case of a conflict.
SCOPE, PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS OF DATA PROCESSING
We collect personal data directly from you, or any third parties acting on your behalf or from publicly available records – databases.
In case you request information through a contact form on our website or send us a general e-mail inquiry, we process your general identification details and contact details, together with a message/information that you have provided. The legal basis for such processing is namely performance of a contract, or other applicable purpose depending on the nature of your request.
In relation to the provision of our products and services to you or your products and services to us we primarily process your general identification details, contact details and financial information, any data necessary for the provision of products or services and other information necessary to fulfil the respective contract. The legal basis for this processing is primarily the performance of our contract and compliance with our legal obligations. If you use our World of Trucks platform, please refer to more detailed information at: https://www.worldoftrucks.com/en/privacy.
In case you are interested to cooperate with us and contact us via our website or via email, we process primarily your general identification details, contact details and in case you are applying for a position with the Company, also a CV, including a list of qualifications and references. For more information concerning personal data processing of job applicants, please visit https://scssoft.com/assets/files/information-to-job-applicants.pdf.
If you are employee of the Company, please also refer to the information on personal data processing in connection with your employment which was provided to you upon commencement of your employment and at the time of each update thereof.
Whenever you visit our website, we may process your personal data collected via cookies, provided you enabled them on your device. For more information about processing your personal data via cookies, please refer to Section 5 below.
We may send you our marketing communication, provided you gave us your explicit consent. If you are our customer, we may send you our marketing communication concerning similar products and services and provided you have not declined to receive such communication. Legal basis of such data processing is our legitimate interest. You may opt-out from receiving our marketing communication by clicking on the unsubscribe link within each marketing communication or anytime by sending an email to dataprotectionofficer@scssoft.com.
RECIPIENTS
We may share your personal data with third parties, if: (a) you have consented to such disclosure; (b) we are under a legal obligation to do so; (c) it is necessary for the purpose of legal proceedings or in relation thereto, or to exercise or protect our rights; (d) we are required to disclose your personal data to new entities or third parties due to organizational changes within the Company or in connection with the transfer of our business or any part thereof; (e) we disclose anonymous statistical data about our website users' browsing actions and related user information to reliable third parties, including browser providers and analysts. We may also share your personal data with some reliable third parties in accordance with contracts entered into with them. They include, for example:
our professional advisors and auditors;
suppliers to whom we outsource certain ancillary services, such as word processing, translation, photocopying and review of documents, notary services, registry administration and archiving services;
IT technology providers;
third parties involved in hosting or organizing of events or seminars.
In an exceptional case when your personal data are transferred outside of the European Economic Area, we will observe all respective requirements set out in the GDPR in order to ensure protection of such data, in particular, we will transfer them only to countries which were acknowledged by the European Commission as having adequate level of protection or personal data, or to parties who have appropriate safeguards in place (such as standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules).
DURATION OF PROCESSING
The Company processes the personal data only for the time period necessary to fulfill the above purposes of data processing or as required by the applicable laws (such as employment, tax or social security laws). After that all personal data are erased.
COOKIES
Our website use cookies – small text files that are stored on your web browser or device by web servers when you visit some websites. Cookies are used to distinguish you from other users of our website and to store data about how you use our website (e.g. the number of site visitors, time you spent visiting the website or what content interests you).
This information is anonymous (e.g. the type of browser you're using or the name of your internet provider's domain) and is used to improve our services and ensure the correct operation of our website. We don't identify any individual site visitors, unless they provide their contact details using the form(s) available on the website.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies (for example PHPSESSID) – cookies that are required to ensure the correct operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services; and
Analytical/performance cookies (for example Google Analytics – _ga, _gat_client, _gat_crossDomain, _gid, _utma, _utmb, _ and NID) – They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.
Whether cookies are classified as "first-party" or "third-party" cookies depends on the domain that placed the cookies on your web browser or device. First-party cookies are stored by the web server you're visiting. Third-party cookies are cookies placed on your device by a domain other than the website you're currently on. We recently use third-party cookies provided by Google, in particular Google Analytics for analysis of our website traffic. You can find the privacy policy regarding such cookies at: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.
Persistent cookies are stored on your device for a pre-defined amount of time. They are activated each time you visit the web server which generated the respective cookie.
Session cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They are generated when you access the website browser and are deleted when you close the browser.
When accessing our website, cookies are downloaded to your web browser and stored in your device. You can change your browser's cookie settings to allow or block cookies from being stored on your device. If you decide to block cookies, you probably may not be able to fully use all functions of our website.
The manner in which you can enable/disable your cookies is different for each browser. Specific instructions are provided under your browser's "Help Menu". More detailed information about cookie administration by the most commonly used web browsers is available here:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Opera
Safari
Safari for iPad and iPhone
More information about cookies (including the administration and deletion of cookies) is available at: www.allaboutcookies.org.
YOUR RIGHTS
In relation to the personal data provided to us, you have the following rights:
Right of access: You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not your personal data are being processed, and, where that is the case, to access such personal data and the related information, in particular concerning the purpose of personal data processing, its duration, categories of personal data processed and recipients to whom the personal data are disclosed. Such right to access may nevertheless be restricted based on the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to rectification: Upon your request we shall correct inaccurate or amend incomplete personal data related to you.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten): Under the conditions set out in GDPR, we shall, upon your request erase the personal data for example in cases when such data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected, they were processed based on your consent which was withdrawn, you objected to their further processing or they were processed unlawfully.
Right to restrictions of processing: Under the conditions set out in GDPR (for example when the accuracy of personal data is contested by you or the personal data were unlawfully processed), we shall, upon your request, restrict processing of your personal data; in such case we shall process such personal data only for limited reasons set out in GDPR or other applicable laws.
Right to data portability: Under the conditions set out in GDPR and to the extent of our technical capabilities, you shall have right to receive the personal data you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us.
Right to object: In certain cases (in particular with respect to personal data processed on the basis of our legitimate interest) you may object to the processing of your personal data. In such case we may be required to cease from further processing of such personal data.
Right to withdraw consent: In case that your personal data are processed based on your consent, you shall have the right to withdraw such consent at any time in the same form and manner as the consent was originally given, or contact the Data Protection Officer for such purpose; lawfulness of personal data processing carried out prior to such withdrawal shall remain unaffected.
Right to contact the Data Protection Officer / Supervisory Authority: You shall have right to contact Data Protection Officer of the Company at dataprotectionofficer@scssoft.com with inquiries and / or complaints regarding personal data processing. You shall also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority (Czech Office for Protection of Personal Data, with its registered office at Pplk. Sochora 27, 170 00 Prague 7, Czech Republic, E-mail: posta@uoou.cz, website: https://www.uoou.cz).
This document was last updated on December 12, 2020.
Changelog
December 12, 2020
Removed a mention about the SCS Software e-shop