https://www.yourplayingcards.com/privacy-policy/
Create Your Card Deck
Custom Playing Cards
Overview
Pricing
Plastic or Paper?
Packaging Options
Large Run Orders
Turnaround Time / Shipping
FAQ
Free Extras
Special Offers
Other Printed Products
About Us
Overview
Clients & Testimonials
About AdMagic Inc.
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Is Important To Us
YOUR PLAYING CARDS understands how important your privacy is to you and we want to insure that you are comfortable and understand that we take pride in protecting your privacy. This document will explain to you exactly what information that we collect when you visit our site and when you place an inquiry on our site. It also explains how we use that information and how you can change how we use it.
Information We Collect
Personal Information – If you place an inquiry at https://yourplayingcards.com/ we may collect certain personal information from you including your name, address, telephone number, email address. This information is considered personally identifiable. This information is protected by the use secure web server and is protected by other internal systems that we have in effect.
Non-Personal Information – Like most other websites, yourplayingcards.com uses cookies to collect certain information. Cookies do not contain information that can identify you, though it may be combined with your personal information. This information will be used only in aggregate. This information allows us make your experience on our website valuable to you and to improve your overall surfing experience. We may also use information to provide us with additional ways to market our services.
Disclosing Your Information
There are only extreme cases when we will disclose your
personal information. They include (but are not limited to) cases where we are
requested to do so by law through a governmental agency, a court order or if we
believe that it is required to be in compliance with any law. We may also need
to disclose this information if we believe that you may cause danger to
yourself or to others.
Do We Use Cookies?
Earlier we mentioned the use of cookies on our website. These are small data files that contain specific information regarding your computer browser, your ISP and other non-identifying information. Cookies do not contain any personal information such as your name, your address, your email address or any other personal information that you provide to us. Each browser that is available has options that allow you to refuse to accept cookies. The help files that are associated with your browser will provide full instructions on how to facilitate this block.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider
transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow)
that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser
and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to
help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also
used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site
activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use
cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site
interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the
future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.Keep track of and serve advertisement with a 3rd party.Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this
through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a
little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way
to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled
It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more
efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Mailing Lists
Email Lists – We set up an email list for the convenience of our visitors. This email list often provides you with advanced notification regarding new services, sales offers, and other news from YOUR PLAYING CARDS. Email addresses will not be shared with anyone outside of the staff of YOUR PLAYING CARDS.
If you are on the YOUR PLAYING CARDS’, email list and wish to be removed from it you may do so by emailing us at info@yourplayingcards.com. We will remove you as quickly as possible. We ask you to bear with us as this may require a reset of our server. You may receive one or more additional emails before you are removed from the list.
Regular Mailing List – We may also maintain postal mailing list. You may remove your name from that list by calling us at 800-364-3201 or by sending us a written request at the address on the mail. Please include your mailing label with all written requests to ensure that we can locate your information. You may receive one more mailing from us before you are removed from our mailing list.
Warnings
Please note that email is not data encrypted. Lack of data encryption means that your emails are not considered a secure means of transmitting personal information. We will never ask for sensitive personally identifiable information via email. If you go to other websites from links on our page(s) they will have different privacy policies, and terms of service. Please understand that YOUR PLAYING CARDS is not responsible for the content of any of these other sites. It is up to you as the visitor to that site to ensure that you review their terms of service as well as their privacy policies.
Changes To This Policy
https://yourplayingcards.com/ may periodically update our privacy policy. Any changes made will be posted in this document and can be identified by the date at the end of the document. By visiting YOUR PLAYING CARDS’ website you agree to accept any changes we have made to this policy. Our Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website. Each change to this policy will be dated so you can ensure you are reading the most recent copy.
Create Your Custom Card Deck Now!
Your custom card deck is waiting for you! Create a fully custom card deck (card backs and faces) with our easy to use custom card deck builder now.
Create Your Deck!
Recent PostsHow Can Customized Playing Cards Be the Ticket to Amuse Yourself During Quarantine?March 17, 2020Coronavirus has hit the world severely, and it is at its peak right now. It has resulted in so many deaths across the globe that it is being termed as…View Post »Add Color to Your Life with Custom Playing CardsMarch 10, 2020Custom playing cards have become all the rage today and for an excellent reason. They add a certain element of excitement to dull evenings. Playing cards have been in use…View Post »What Makes Personalized Playing Cards Better Than the Regular Ones?March 3, 2020Do you enjoy playing poker? Have you heard about photo playing cards where you can customize them as per your choice? If not, you must learn about the fantastic personalized…View Post »News Categories
Custom Card Games (7)
Personalized Playing Cards (10)
Search for:
Search
Input your search keywords and press Enter.