http://www.creaturebreeder.com/root/privacy_policy
Close
News
Community
Sub-breeds
Forum
Login
New User
Privacy Policy - Updated January 21, 2014
CreatureBreeder.com (“Creature Breeder”) is operated and presented to users by CreatureBreeder located at 30-60 29th St., Apt E11, Astoria, NY 11102.
This Privacy Policy covers use of information collected by Creature Breeder.
We are committed to providing a fun, entertaining, and safe website for people of all ages. We are dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected on the Creature Breeder website. We ensure that our Privacy Policy and our information practices adhere to the United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), other applicable data privacy laws and all other applicable legislation.
To help ensure a rewarding online experience for our visitors, we provide you with this Privacy Policy that describes the information practices of the Creature Breeder website www.creaturebreeder.com, including how we collect, use and disclose personal information.
The Information We Collect
We require consent from a parent when a child wants to register.
As described in this Privacy Policy, we directly collect from child users during our initial registration process a parent’s email address, the child’s account name, and the child’s password.
The Creature Breeder website does not condition a child’s participation in an online activity on the child providing more personal information than is reasonably necessary for that activity.
The Creature Breeder website requires child users to provide a parent’s valid email address in order to register on the website to participate in the Creature Breeder virtual world, play games and view content.
We use the parent’s email address to send the parent a message that can be used to activate the Creature Breeder account, to notify the parent about our privacy practices, and to send the parent communications either about the parent’s and child’s Creature Breeder accounts or about features of our website, and for such other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
This email address is correlated with the account user name.
With the parent’s prior permission, we also may use this email address to send the parent promotional messages regarding Creature Breeder products and services.
The parent may revoke their permission to receive promotional messages regarding Creature Breeder at any time by contacting customer support at support@creaturebreeder.com and may unsubscribe from promotional email communications from Creature Breeder by clicking on unsubscribe links in those emails.
We may also request a user name and email address when a user submits a form through the “Contact Us” portion of the Creature Breeder website so that we may respond to the inquiry.
We collect the e-mail address for the sole purpose of responding directly on a one-time basis to a specific inquiry.
For some of our online activities - such as forum posting, games or contests - we may ask users to provide information that is not personally identifiable, such as country of residence or a user’s favorite creature.
We also enable users to chat online through our website forum community or by posting free-form comments on other users’ farms (together “Public Comments”), but we take measures so that users cannot communicate personal information through Public Comments.
These measures include filters and live moderation.
Nonetheless, if you use the Public Comments within this website and disclose personally identifiable information, you should be aware that such information could be read, collected or used by other users.
We strongly encourage you not to disclose personal information (such as real name, email address, telephone number, etc.) about the user or about any third party in such community posts and are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit through the Public Comments function.
We take measures to disable the Public Comments features for our members who are under the age of 13, including by asking the member to enter his or her birthdate before posting Public Comments.
To re-enable the Public Comments features for members under the age of 13, we ask that parents review, sign and return the CreatureBreeder.com COPPA Permission Form to us at coppa@creaturebreeder.com.
Additionally, when visitors come to our site, we may passively collect certain non-personally identifiable computer information, such as the type of computer operating system (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), the user’s IP Address, the web browser (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer) being used, the frequency with which guests visit various parts of our sites, and information regarding the Internet service provider, in order to make our sites more interesting and useful to you and for various purposes related to our business.
We or one of our contractors on our behalf may collect this non-personally identifiable information through the use of software technologies such as unique identifiers or “cookies”.
Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn on/off all cookies.
You do this through your browser (like Firefox or Internet Explorer) settings.
Please note that most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your Web experience smoother, and some of our services may not function properly.
If personal information is not provided to us, then Creature Breeder may not agree to Creature Breeder membership and may not be able to provide access to certain content and functionality on the Creature Breeder website, or to provide other information, products or services which may be requested.
How We Use, Disclose, and Store the Information We Collect
In addition to the purposes described in Section I, we may actively collect and use email addresses and user names to track usage and to ensure users are following the site’s Terms of Use.
In addition, we may use an email address and user name to ban a user temporarily or permanently from the Creature Breeder website or Public Comments features if that user engages in inappropriate conduct on the site.
We may also use email addresses and user names to enable parents to review PII that the children have submitted to the Creature Breeder website and to provide notification regarding the site, such as any future amendments to this Privacy Policy. We also may use information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer products, programs, or services.
We may disclose information where we are required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, or where we disclose information to data processors who act on our behalf (service providers or other group companies who provide support for the operations of our website and who do not use or disclose the information for any other purpose).
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose PII in response to a law enforcement agency’s or other public agency’s (including schools or children services) request or if we feel that such disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our website, protect the security or integrity of our website, or enable us to take precautions against liability.
If we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, we may transfer collected information to a third party as part of that transaction, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Collection of Information for Ads and Sponsors
We work with third party companies who provide ads and other sponsored information on Creature Breeder.
Currently, we use Google Adsense to provide contextual advertising to our members.
You may review Google’s Program Policies through this link.
Consequently, because a user’s comments temporarily become part of the HTML content of the Creature Breeder website, our contextual ads will use that information in generating advertisements.
Creature Breeder does not retain the information used by the third parties to provide directed content.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.
Access to Information, and Objection to Information Collection and Retention
Please contact us as provided in Section VII if you would like to access the information that we have collected online from you or your child, correct factual errors in such information, request to have this information deleted, or request that we no longer collect or maintain such information.
The deletion of data may lead to a termination of the Creature Breeder account and/or membership.
Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you.
We will respond to access requests within 30 days.
To protect you and your child’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about you or your child.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
Contact Us
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail with your questions or comments to support@creaturebreeder.com or write us:
CreatureBreeder.com
Attention Privacy
30-60 29th St.
Apt. E11
Astoria, NY 11102
Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above e-mail and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.
A Final Note to Parents
The Internet offers a world of opportunity for children.
Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience.
We encourage you to visit the GetNetWise.org site and look through the “Kids Safety” section together.
Your efforts to instill responsible information practices will help steer your children to age-appropriate sites and will go a long way toward ensuring that your children have enriching experiences online.
Effective Date
The privacy policy set out above is effective as of January 17, 2014, and applies to all information previously obtained by Creature Breeder.
We reserve the right to change the privacy policy at our sole discretion.
Creature Breeder users will be informed of any such change by us posting a new privacy policy on the Creature Breeder website and the effective date of any change of privacy policy will be clearly marked.
As required by law, we will not use collected information in ways that are materially different from the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing notification of such practices and obtaining consent to any such different uses.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Copyright 2005-2014, CreatureBreeder.com. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use