http://www.namco.co.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy
NAMCO UK LIMITED - Privacy Policy
This document applies to you if you visit our locations (our arcades, adventure golf, clip and climb), our offices, or if you are a customer. It also applies to you if you work for an organisation we deal with (for example, for one of our suppliers). It does not apply to you if you work for us or are applying to work for us. When we say “we” and “us”, that means the company NAMCO UK Limited.
Where we collect information about you, if that information is about you, or can be used to find out about you, it is known as “personal data”.
The law says that we have to tell you what types of personal data we have about you, what we use it for, why we are allowed to use it in that way, and what your legal rights are.  That is what this document – called a “policy” – is for.  We also have to tell you some other things – those are all covered in this policy.
The rules about personal data are detailed and can be difficult to understand.  If you need help understanding anything in this policy, please contact us at data.queries@namco.co.uk.
The simple version is this:
We collect information about you, including contact details (like your email address), when you give us that information on our website, in our arcades, or on social media (for example, Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter).
We mostly use that information to:
Tell you about special offers, competitions and other things we think you might like.
Manage your bookings .
Manage your membership.
Manage gift certificates which you or someone else buys from us.
Help us to understand more about our customers and what they like.
We also collect other information – for example, cameras at our arcades (and offices) take videos of people to make sure our premises are safe places and meet our licensing obligations.
We treat all information we have about you very carefully.  We do our best to make sure that information about you does not go to the wrong people or to people who might not look after that information properly.
If you ask us to do certain things with information about you, we usually have to do what you ask and you do not usually have to pay for this. Those things include:
Give you a copy of information about you
Put right any mistakes in the information we have about you
Stop using or delete information about you
If you want to ask us to do any of these things, or you have any questions or worries, you can contact us at data.queries@namco.co.uk.  You can also contact the organisation in charge of making sure we do the right things with your personal data – the Information Commissioner’s Office – by clicking here.
Background
This policy is addressed to individuals who visit the premises, websites or social media accounts of NAMCO UK Limited (we, our or us) or our customers, and other individuals that may deal with us, including individuals at our suppliers.  In this policy we collectively refer to these categories of individuals as “you”.
If you are applying for a job or you are one of our staff members or workers a different policy will apply, which will be provided to you.
We have set out our policy in full below.  For those of you who know what you are after, you can click on the links below to take you to the relevant section.
It is important that you read this policy together with any other data protection or privacy notice that we may provide on specific occasions when we collect or process personal data about you. In this way, you can ensure that you fully understand how and why we are using your data.
Who Is Responsible?
NAMCO UK Limited is responsible for processing your data and will deal with your enquiries if you communicate with us.
We will treat your personal data (which means data from which you can be identified, including your name, address, e- mail address and phone number, as well as technical information about your visit to our website, and the like) in accordance with applicable data protection legislation here in the UK.
It is important that the personal data we hold is accurate and current.  Please inform us if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
How To Contact Us?
Our address is 37-39 Kew Foot Road, Richmond, United Kingdom, TW9 2SS.  If you have any questions about this policy, or how we process your personal data, write us or send us an email at data.queries@namco.co.uk.
If you have a complaint, we ask you to get in touch with us as soon as you can.  You can, of course, make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues, at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
Changes To This Policy
This policy was last updated on 14 December 2018. You can obtain previous versions by contacting us here.
Any changes that we make to this policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Third-Party Links
Our website, and information that we may post on our website or via our social media accounts, may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications for your convenience and information.  If you use these links, you will leave our site or our social media accounts.  When you access a website or social media account that is owned by a third party, we do not control the content and are not responsible, or liable, for how they process your personal data.  For example, they may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal data from you.  We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website, app and social media account that you use or visit.
Information Collected
When you contact us through our website, our social media accounts, or communicate with us, or visit our premises, you may provide us with personal data about you, such as:
Identity data includes first name, last name, title and date of birth.
Contact data includes email address and telephone numbers,.
Communication data includes email address and phone number, and the content of your communications with us by whatever means.
Financial Data includes the details you provide to our payment services provider to pay for our services, including bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Marketing data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us, your communication preferences, and your market segment (for example, male between the age of 21 and 25.
Image data includes individual images or general location images in which you might be visible.
Technical data includes Internet protocol (IP) address; browser type and version; time zone setting and location; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system, platform, cookies and other technology on the devices you use to access our website.
CCTV includes the images recorded by the CCTV system used at and around our premises.
Accident and Incident Data includes details about and accident or incident which has occurred on our premises.
Except to the extent that your ethnicity may be visible on CCTV footage, we do not ask for, or deliberately collect any, special categories of personal data, or information about criminal offences.
NAMCO Track and Trace Privacy Statement
Track and trace data is currently being collected and stored securely within Text My Deal customer database. Your personal data will only be used to share with NHS Test and Trace, which is a key part of the country’s ongoing COVID-19 response. The NHS needs to rapidly detect people who have recently come into close contact with a new COVID-19 case. This will enable swift action to minimise transmission of the virus. This is important as lockdown measures are eased and will help everyone return to a more normal way of life and reduce the risk of needing local lockdowns in the future.
Track and Trace data will not be used for other purposes, including marketing, profiling, analysis or other purposes unrelated to contact tracing. NAMCO UK will at all times be compliant with current GDPR regulations and records will only be held for a maximum of 21 days.
Recording customer details: how we use your information
To support NHS Test and Trace (which is part of the Department for Health and Social Care) in England, we have been mandated by law to collect and keep a limited record of staff, customers and visitors who come onto our premises for the purpose of contact tracing.
By maintaining records of staff, customers and visitors, and sharing these with NHS Test and Trace where requested, we can help to identify people who may have been exposed to the coronavirus.
As a customer/visitor of NAMCO Funscape venues you will be asked to provide some basic information and contact details. The following information will be collected:
the names of all customers or visitors, or if it is a group of people, the name of one member of the group
a contact phone number for each customer or visitor, or for the lead member of a group of people
date of visit and arrival time and departure time
The venue/establishment as the data controllers for the collection of your personal data, will be responsible for compliance with data protection legislation for the period of time it holds the information. When that information is requested by the NHS Test and Trace service, the service would at this point be responsible for compliance with data protection legislation for that period of time.
The NHS Test and Trace service as part of safeguarding your personal data, has in place technical, organisational and administrative security measures to protect your personal information that it receives from the venue/establishment, that it holds from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
In addition, if you only interact with one member of staff during your visit, the name of the assigned staff member will be recorded alongside your information.
NHS Test and Trace have asked us to retain this information for 21 days from the date of your visit, to enable contact tracing to be carried out by NHS Test and Trace during that period. We will only share information with NHS Test and Trace if it is specifically requested by them.
For example, if another customer at the venue reported symptoms and subsequently tested positive, NHS Test and Trace can request the log of customer details for a particular time period (for example, this may be all customers who visited on a particular day or time-band, or over a 2-day period).
We may require you to pre-book appointments for visits or to complete a form on arrival.
Under government guidance, the information we collect may include information which we would not ordinarily collect from you and which we therefore collect only for the purpose of contact tracing. Information of this type will not be used for other purposes, and NHS Test and Trace will not disclose this information to any third party unless required to do so by law (for example, as a result of receiving a court order). In addition, where the information is only collected for the purpose of contact tracing, it will be destroyed by us 21 days after the date of your visit.
However, the government guidance may also cover information that we would usually collect and hold onto as part of our ordinary dealings with you (perhaps, for example, your name, date of birth and phone number). Where this is the case, this information only will continue to be held after 21 days and we will use it as we usually would, unless and until you tell us not to.
Your information will always be stored and used in compliance with the relevant data protection legislation.
The use of your information is covered by the General Data Protection Regulations Article 6 (1) (c) – a legal obligation to which we as a venue/establishment are subject to. The legal obligation to which we’re subject, means that we’re mandated by law, by a set of new regulations from the government, to co-operate with the NHS Test and Trace service, in order to help maintain a safe operating environment and to help fight any local outbreak of corona virus.
By law, you have a number of rights as a data subject, such as the right to be informed, the right to access information held about you and the right to rectification of any inaccurate data that we hold about you.
You have the right to request that we erase personal data about you that we hold (although this is not an absolute right).
You have the right to request that we restrict processing of personal data about you that we hold in certain circumstances.
You have the right to object to processing of personal data about you on grounds relating to your particular situation (also again this right is not absolute).
If you are unhappy or wish to complain about how your information is used, you should contact a member of staff in the first instance to resolve your issue.
If you are still not satisfied, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Their website address is www.ico.org.uk.
We keep our privacy notice under regular review, and we will make new versions available on our privacy notice page on NAMCO Funscape website. This privacy notice was last updated on 16 September 2020.
Collection Methods
We use different methods to collect data from and about you through:
Direct interactions with you. You give us your identity data, contact data, financial data, transaction data, marketing data, and communication data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us via our website, by post, by phone, by email, via our social media accounts, face-to-face or otherwise, or respond to a survey or enter a prize-draw.
CCTV systems at our premises.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources:
Third party services which we make available to you. When you use services that we make available to you, such as external wi-fi at our locations (for example, The Cloud provided by Sky), you will provide your data to them. As part of your arrangement with that provider, you may permit them to share your email address and other information with us for marketing purposes or for us to provide services you have requested.
Marketing Data when you use social media sites such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter to contact us via that platform or share content with us. Those sites may also provide us with information about you, such as where you send us a message, or like a comment on us or our content. We also receive data about you from our marketing services provider. We do not buy in mailing lists.
Technical data. You provide this to our hosting providers when you interact with our website or our social media accounts. We also receive information from the following parties:
Analytics providers such as Google.
Search information providers based inside the EU.
Identity data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the electoral register in your jurisdiction, or when provided by someone buying a gift card for you (for which we only use your name for personalising the card).
Where possible, we will notify you when we receive information about you from third parties and will inform you about the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Data
The table below describes in more detail the purposes for which we use your personal data.  It also identifies the relevant type of data, and the legal bases we rely on for that purpose.
If we have identified multiple legal bases for a particular purpose, please contact us here if you would like further information.
Purpose/activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing (including basis of legitimate interest)
Retention Period
To register you as a new customer
Identity Data
Communication Data
Contract
Bowling: bookings kept on the system for 7 days after the booking.
Party/Event: 2 years after the date of the booking
To process and deliver your order
Identity data
Financial data
Contact data
Contract
2 years after the date of the booking
To manage our relationship with you
Identity data
Communication data
Contact data
Marketing Data
Legitimate interest Consent
Until consent withdrawn or after 2 years of no interaction
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Contract Data
Contract
Until 1 month after the competition/prize draw has closed
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Technical Data
Consent
Until consent is removed or after 2 years.
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical Data
legitimate interest
2 years from the date of collection
CCTV
CCTV
Legitimate interest – to manage insurance insurance claims
Legal Obligation
31 days from the date of recording, unless required for longer insurance or other legal requirement
To complete accident or incident reports which are reported to us
Identity Data
Contact Data
Accident and Incident Data
Legitimate interest
Legal Obligation
We follow legal guidance on retention of accidents and incidents.
To enable you to use Wifi in our locations through use of ‘The Cloud’ internet wifi
Identity Data
Communication Data
Contact Data
Technical data
Consent, via Sky through log in to the cloud wifi
We follow Sky’s The Cloud policy for Wifi in locations which can be viewed here.
To manage your membership (including your card)
Identify Data
Communication Data
Contact Data
Marketing data
Contract
Consent (for marketing)
until your membership is cancelled or after 2 years of no interaction
Images posted on social media
Image Data
Consent
Retained on our social media platforms until consent is withdrawn.
Automated Decision-Making
We do not make any decisions that could have a legal effect, or  other significant effect on you, based solely on automated processing of your personal data.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.  If you would like to understand more about any of our purposes, please contact us here.  We will notify you to explain if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose.
Failure to Provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under a contract we have with you, or we are processing your personal data to fulfil a request you have made, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract or comply with your request.  We will use reasonable efforts to notify you if this is the case at the time.
Marketing
We hope that you enjoy and value our newsletter and updates, and our marketing material generally.  We may send you this information by various means including including, email, text message, post, telephone, or social media.  We respect your right to choose what marketing messages you receive. You can opt out of any marketing material that we send you at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails, unsubscribing from our social media accounts, or by contacting us here.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences over time, such as when you ask us to provide further services in the future, or if there are changes in the law or the regulation or structure of our business.
Sharing Your Personal Data
All of our contractors, suppliers and staff (including volunteers, agents, temporary workers and casual workers) who process your personal data on our behalf (and therefore act as our processors) are subject to strict contractual requirements in relation to processing personal data.
Where we are required to disclose your personal data to another organisation that acts as a controller (for example, law enforcement agencies, regulators or as part of court proceedings), we will only do so if required by law, or if you have approved that disclosure.
We only disclose information to a third party where permitted by law, and always only as necessary to achieve a legitimate purpose.  We will never share your personal data with any party for its own marketing purposes without your prior consent.
We may disclose your personal data to the following:
Internal third parties. This includes any of our subsidiaries and parent companies which support our services or have a need to know in order to respond to your enquiries or to meet our commitments to you.
External third parties in connection with our services – this includes to:
Our suppliers, sub-contractors and providers of goods or services for the performance of any contract that we enter into with them to support our business. For example, our sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, membership card management systems providers, marketing and advertising service providers, analytics providers, search and social media information and optimisation providers, and archiving and confidential waste disposal contractors.
Where legally compelled to do so, a court or tribunal, a regulatory authority (such as the Gambling Commission), and law enforcement agencies.
Our professional advisers, insurers and bank.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets only for that purpose and subject to appropriate confidentiality agreements.
If NAMCO or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
To enforce or apply our website’s Terms of Use or our standard terms and conditions of business or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of NAMCO / its employees and workers or others.
To anyone where we have your express prior consent.
Security Measures
The only people who can use your personal data are authorised NAMCO staff, in particular our IT department, or our suppliers which are contractually committed to maintain the confidentiality of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with applicable data protection law in the UK.
If you submit personal data, the information is available only to the NAMCO staff involved in the relevant activity, and to our authorised third parties (as described above) where we have appropriate arrangements in place.
We have a strong commitment to data security. We use all reasonable endeavours to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration and we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us online, or that we store about you. We take appropriate steps to communicate and train our staff in relation to applicable data protection law.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site or via the social media accounts that we operate; any transmission is at your own risk.
Use of CCTV data is subject to additional specific rules and protections, as described more fully in our CCTV Policy, which is available on request.
If you would like to please contact us here.
International Data Transfers
We will not intentionally transfer your personal data outside the EU without ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place.
For example, we may put in place standard contractual clauses, or, if that is not appropriate, we may seek your explicit consent.
However, we have no control over the routes emails take, and even emails exchanged between two people in the UK could appear on equipment in countries outside the EU, where they may not be protected by strong privacy or data protection laws.
Retention Periods
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
In certain circumstances, you may ask us to erase your personal data. See your right to erasure noted below.
We may also choose to anonymise your personal data, by making sure that you are no longer identifiable.  We can then keep that data indefinitely.
Your Data Protection Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data which we process as a controller. These rights are subject to specific requirements and limitations set out in the applicable data protection legislation.
You have the right to ask us:
• To receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that it is being lawfully processed.
• To receive a copy of your personal data (or have it passed to a third party) in a common and structured electronic format (where the legal basis for our processing is your consent, or the processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you).
• To correct your personal data if it is wrong and to complete it if it is incomplete.
• How and why we are processing your personal data, the legal basis for that processing, who we have disclosed it to and who we will disclose it to (which we have done in this privacy policy).
• To stop using your personal data for direct marketing.
• To restrict our processing of your personal data – you may want to do this while we consider your request to have it corrected.
• To erase your personal data, but we will retain your data for the purposes of dealing with any claims or where we have any other legitimate reason to retain it.
You also have the right:
• To withdraw your consent to our processing your personal data (where that is relevant) at any time.
• To object to how we are processing it, for example if we are processing it on the basis of a legitimate interest and that does not override your individual rights.
• To complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office about our processing or our response to your requests and objections - www.ico.org.uk/concerns/ or 0303 123 1113.
No fee usually required – You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse your request, if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
What we may need from you – We may need to request proportionate information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond – We try to respond to all legitimate requests. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Our Cookies
namcofunscape.com - This site uses Cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. To learn more please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process your personal data to serve personalised advertising, measure activity on the site and deliver personalised features and content to you. You have choice in who uses your data and for what purposes.
You can come back at any time to amend your Advertising Preferences. Please confirm to the use of your data in this way.
Ad selection, delivery, reporting The collection of information, and combination with previously collected information, to select and deliver advertisements for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads, processing data about what advertisements were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action related to the advertisement, including for example clicking an ad or making a purchase. This does not include personalisation, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time.
Measurement The collection of information about your use of the content, and combination with previously collected information, used to measure, understand, and report on your usage of the service. This does not include personalisation, the collection of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, i.e. on other service, such as websites or apps, over time.
Information storage and access The storage of information, or access to information that is already stored, on your device such as advertising identifiers, device identifiers, cookies, and similar technologies.
Third Party Vendors Measurement The collection of information about your use of the content, and combination with previously collected information, used to measure, understand, and report on your usage of the service. This does not include personalisation, the collection of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalise content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, i.e. on other service, such as websites or apps, over time.
Cookies Witnessed namcofunscape.com
Name of cookie
Variant
Expiry
Description
Name:&nbsp
EU_COOKIE_LAW_CONSENT
Cookie Variant:&nbsp
Persistent cookie, First party cookie Functional cookie
Expiry:&nbsp
1 year
Description:&nbsp
Stores a user’s choice to confirm they have accepted use of cookies on the namcofunscape.com site.
_ga
Persistent cookie, Third party cookie Performance cookie
2 years
Google cookie; this cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the site’s analytics reports.
_gid
Persistent cookie, Third party cookie Performance cookie
24 hours
Google cookie; used to distinguish unique users by storing and updating a unique value for each page visited.
whsky
Temporary, First party, Essential cookie Absolutely necessary cookie
When the browsing session ends
Framework cookie. Used for the operation of the site.
_gat
Third party cookie Performance cookie
1 minute
Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_.
Temporary Accept (1h)
Temporary, First party
1 hour
Stores the user choice to accept the cookies on namcofunscape.com temporarily and removes them in 1 hour.
By performing this action you will Opt-out of Google Analytics tracking cookies.
Opt-out - Google Analytics
By performing this action you will delete all the cookies for namcofunscape.com stored in your browser.
FORGET ME
Cookies for Namcofunscape.com deleted successfully!
Sign up today to receive news and updates from us >>>
SIGN UP