http://www.gametactics.com/legal/
Home
Formats
X360
Xbox One
PS4
PS3
PC
Wii U
3DS
WII
PS Vita
PSP
DS
News
Reviews
Features
Legal (Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Copyright Notice)
Terms of Use
No Spamming. If you are suspected of spamming, it will be deleted or edited.
No flaming when it’s unwarranted. Debate is healthy, attacking isn’t. This not only covers comments about posts, but also towards other commenting visitors too. Sure, you can call someone wrong, and back it up with something at least, but name-calling, bullying, etc etc etc is not desired here.
Don’t copy our stuff without our permission. Obviously quoting is fine (like a line or a paragraph), so long as you reference the source in some way (e.g. when we link elsewhere, we try to link not only the page itself, the creators, but also if needed, the page that told us about it in the first place). If you want to use a full article of ours, then ask us first.
Please try to use correct spelling, punctuation and grammar when writing comments. Note the word “try” in that sentence. It’s OK not to be a good speller, so long as you at least try to get it right. Of course, it’s fine to purposely ignore this rule if it has relevance (e.g. Comic Effect), but at least make yourselves readable.
Think before you write. Since the world is becoming more net-literate, it’s possible your future employer might do a search for a known nickname of your own in order to see what you are like outside of work. The last thing you want is to have your world crushed by something you wrote. Be careful.
Privacy Policy
Gametactics and it’s editors will not sell, exchange or generally release your personal information without your consent to any third parties. If you supply any data to us, we will only use it for the use it is supplied for, for example an E-mail address would only be used for a newsletter if you sign up for it, and you will always have the option to opt out of any further participation in such systems in the future.
We may use your IP address and browser related data to collect information about our demographic and to also help solve problems with our hosting.
Gametactics does not sell it’s advertising, preferring to use third party services for the sale and management of advertising. These services may use non-personally-identifiable information (i.e. data that relates to you without revealing your personal information, such as your name or address), usually in the form of cookies. These companies may use this data to see how you travel from site to site and the type of content you view in order to advertise in a more effective manner. If you feel this data is infringing on your rights as a user of Gametactics, whilst we have no direct control over this data’s usage, we can suggest that you check the following URLs:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
http://www.google.co.uk/privacy_ads.html
If you continue to have questions about privacy that this page leaves unanswered, contact us using this form.
Copyright Notice
All editorial content, graphics and site code is protected by Copyright law and may not be copied without the express consent of the editors of Gametactics.com. Use of this content without our permission is expressly forbidden.
All names, brands, associated imagery and artwork are trademarks and/or copyrighted materials of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Share this:TwitterFacebook
GT Newsletter
FeedBlitz
Follow Us RSS Feed
Twitter
Advertisement
Recent Posts
NHL 17 – Xbox One Review
(Also on PlayStation 4)
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Review – Xbox One (Also on PlayStation 4)
Super Mario Maker For Nintendo 3DS Review – 3DS
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 Review – Steam, also on Xbox One and PlayStation 4
The Metronomicon Review – Steam
Copyright © 2000-2014 Gametactics.com
About Gametactics
Contact Us
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyCopyright Notice
Our Other Sites
E3 Coverage
TechMamba
Video Game Trailers
E3 Coverage