http://www.smartluck.com/terms.htm
Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
Last updated:
February 11, 2016
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the http://www.smartluck.com website ("Website") operated by Smartluck, Inc.
These terms and conditions and any other page at Smart Luck that specifically relates to and governs any input of information, dissemenation or use of information, or use of the web site, constitute a legally binding agreement ("Agreement") between (a) you, the end user, and (b) Smartluck, Inc, a Florida corporation, providing the website at www.smartluck.com ("Smart Luck"), (the "Company" or "we", "us" or "our" as appropriate).
These terms and conditions are written and are only available in English. If these terms and conditions are translated into another language the English version will prevail. Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service or Products.
Privacy
Your attention is drawn to our Privacy Statement
(http://www.smartluck.com/smart-luck-policies.htm) which describes how we deal with and protect your personal information and by accepting this Agreement, you are also acknowledging and accepting that policy. If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase which is outlined in our Privacy Policy.
Returns
Your attention is drawn to our Return Policy (http://www.smartluck.com/return-policy.htm) which describes how we handle requests for returns, exchanges, or refunds of our products and by accepting this Agreement, you are also acknowledging and accepting that policy.
Shipping, Payments, and Guarantees
Your attention is drawn to our Shipping Policy (http://www.smartluck.com/shipping-policies.htm) which describes how we intend to deliver any purchased Products to you, the expected delivery time, the shipping costs of purchasing Products from our Company, the payment methods that we accept, and our statement that we do not offer money back guarantees, and by accepting this Agreement, you are also acknowledging and accepting that policy.
No Warranties
This Website is provided "as is", with all faults, and Smartluck, Inc. makes no express or implied representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Additionally, nothing contained on this Website shall be construed as providing consult or advice to you. We do not sell lottery tickets or have any connection with any lottery. If you purchase lottery tickets from any lottery, we are not to be held responsible for any resulting loss. We do not offer a guarantee of our Products based on any financial win or loss in playing any lottery game.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT, SHALL SMARTLUCK, INC BE LIABLE FOR ANY MALFUNCTIONS OR INACCURACIES OF THE WEB SITE, SOFTWARE, BOOKS, DATA, AND RELATED SERVICES, PURCHASED OR FREE, BUGS OR VIRUSES, RESULTING IN LOST DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE OR ANY OTHER LOSSES, FINANCIAL OR OTHERWISE. FURTHER, COMPANY IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE REDUNDANT OR BACKUP NETWORK AND/OR SYSTEMS.
Restrictions
You are expressly and emphatically restricted from all of the following:
Publishing any Website material or content in our software or books in any media
Selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website or Product material
Using this Website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this Website or its users
Using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third­party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Smartluck, Inc. Smartluck, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Smartluck, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
This site, content, or associated software herein is not affiliated with, nor in competition with any lottery association. Some names used in this website and/or software may be registered trademarks and thus are the property of their respective owners.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Florida, United States, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles. You irrevocably agree to submit, for the benefit of the Company, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Florida for settlement of any disputes or matters arising out of or concerning this Agreement or its enforceability. If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, it will not affect the validity of the remainder of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.
General
Smartluck, Inc. is legally registered at a private residence in Oldsmar, FL. This is not a public retail location, and all correspondence should be directed at our mailing address: SMARTLUCK, INC.; PO Box 4921; Clearwater, FL 33758.
Our website is hosted by Pair Networks: pair Networks, Inc.: Suite 210, 2403 Sidney Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15203-2168, phone 877-724-7638.
Our Website is secured by Trust Guard. Trust-Guard verifies that this Website is using at least 128-Bit SSL Encryption on pages where private information is entered, that our SSL certificate (issued by Comodo) is valid, and that our Website has passed PCI Security Scanning.
Trust Guard Office: 298 24th St, STE 470 Ogden Utah, 84401, phone 877-848-2731.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By using this Website or our Products, you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website and our Products.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us (http://www.smartluck.com/contact.htm).
Other Policies
Privacy Policy
Product Return Policy
Shipping Information
ORDER (M-F 8am-5pm EST): 1-727-441-8906TECH SUPPORT (M-F 1pm-5pm EST): 1-727-441-8714
Lottery Winning Systems & Strategies
CART
Turn a game of luck into a game of skill!™
Menu
Home
About
About Smart Luck
Mission Statement
Media Appearances
Articles
Winners
Proof of Winners
Winners' Testimonials
Winners' News Articles
Products
Lottery Books
Lottery Software
Software Upgrades
Purchase
View Shopping Cart
Mail-In Order Form
Which Products to Order
Shipping and Payments
Media Options
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Free Tips
Basic Info - Methods to Win
Balanced Game
70% Best Lotto Sums
Odds of Winning
Lotto Wheels Explained
Balanced Lotto Wheels
Free Lotto Wheels
Free Lotto Tips
Free Software Demos
Support
FAQ
Lottery Updater
SlhEdit Program
Lotto Result Files
Software Downloads
Lotto Terms Glossary
Comments and Reviews
Contact Smart Luck
News
Links
Fast Links
USA Lotteries
International Lotteries
Lottery Fans
This site and all contents are protected under international copyright laws.
© Smartluck, Inc. . All rights reserved worldwide.
SitemapTerms and Conditions