http://www.chessanytime.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYupdated on 25/07/2019This privacy policy defines and informs you of the way in which I.D.E.A.L (hereinafter designated by the initials "IDEAL") uses and protects the information that you send to us, if necessary, when you use:
this site: https://www.chessanytime.com, hereinafter designated by the expression “Site"
and/or our mobile applications, hereinafter designated by the expression “Applications" accessible on:		 ios: https://itunes.apple.com/EN/app/simplechess-echecs/id394634657 android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.simplechess&hl=EN
Please note that this privacy policy is subject to modification or amendment at any time, in particular for the purpose of being in compliance with any legislative, regulatory, case law or technological changes. In such a case, the date of the update shall be clearly identified at the top of this policy. These changes bind the User as soon as they are put online. Therefore, the User should regularly consult this privacy policy and the use of cookies in order to be aware of these possible changes.1. COLLECTED INFORMATIONA) We collect information that you send to us vis forms, particularly:
Your last name, first name, e-mail address, country, date of birth, license number, user name Your billing information and/or delivery information such as your last name, first name, mailing address, telephone number The information that you send when you request assistance, in particular, your name, e-mail address and information about the problems that you are encounteringBy furnishing this information, you are expressly accepting that it will be processed by IDEAL for the purposes indicated under point 2 below as well as for purposes indicated at the end of each form.When you participate in online activities (in particular when you write a comment on an article or when you communicate on the game page), the information that you divulge become public information. We can store it and access it, and it can be read, collected or used by other users without your consent. Be sure that your own confidentiality parameters reflect your preferences.Your profile information is also visible to everyone, as well as your games and game statistics.
As a general rule, it is recommended that you not use personal information in the texts that you write, in particular:
your comments, discussions, texts introducing yourself
or your log-on information.
Otherwise, if you use your first name and/or your last name and/or your e-mail address and/or your company name and/or your URL, this means that you accept that they become publicly accessible.
B) We collect certain information through log files and cookies. This is primarily the following information: IP address browser information including the type of your browser and your preferred language type of platform information related to events affecting your device, including crash reports.We can also collect and store information locally on your devise with the aid of mechanisms such as cookies, the storing of data on the browser (included in HTML 5) and the data application caches. 2. PROCESSINGIn compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation adopted by the European Parliament on April 14, 2016, and with the Computer and Freedom Law of January 6, 1978 as amended, IDEAL is informing you of the following points:1. IDENTITY OF THE DATA CONTROLLERThe data controller is the I.D.E.A.L. company, 114 Quai Blériot, 75016 Paris, France.2. PURPOSES FOR PROCESSING OF DATAWe are likely to process your personal information: In order to furnish you with information or services that you have requested (in particular: access to your member page, sending of the magazine, sending of the newsletter, management of your order); and/or In order to collect information allowing us to improve our Site and/or our Applications, our products and services (in particular through cookies), to generate statistics; and/or In order to provide help to users and to combat poor behavior (in particular: insults, fraud); and/or In order to be able to contact you about various events, including in particular updates for products and customer support3. WHO HAS ACCESSOnly IDEAL has access to your personal information. This information, whether in individual or aggregate form, will never be sent to a third party, not including sub-contractors with whom IDEAL does business. Neither IDEAL nor any of its sub-contractors shall use the personal data of the visitors to or Users of its Site or its Applications for commercial purposes.However, in the event of restructuring, sale, merger or bankruptcy, we can transfer all the information that we have collected to the third party concerned and we will request your consent to do so if the law requires it.4. HOW LONG DATA WILL BE KEPT Your personal information is stored by IDEAL only for the time corresponding to the purposes for which it is collected, such as is indicated in 2 above, and will in no case exceed 36 months after the subscription expires or from the date of the last connection to the Site and/or to the Applications. 5. RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS CONCERNING COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY You have the following rights concerning your personal information, which you can exercise by writing us at the mailing address mentioned in point1, or by 3-mail a this address: cnil@europe-echecs.com Right of refusal and of withdrawal We are committed to giving you the right of refusal and of withdrawal when it comes to your personal information. The right of refusal covers the possibility offered to internet users to refuse the use of their personal information for certain purposes mentioned when it is collected. The right of withdrawal covers the possibility offered to internet users to request that their personal information no longer appear, for example, in a mailing list. Right of access We are committed to recognizing a right of access and of correction to persons concerned who desire to check, change or even delete the information concerning themselves. 3. SECURITY We take the security and the confidentiality of your personal data very seriously. Individuals who work for us are required to respect the confidentiality of your information. In order to ensure the security of your personal information, we use various means, in particular the use of encryption protocols such as TLS (Transport Layer Security). We use computer systems with limited access, located in facilities benefitting from physical, electronic and procedural security measures. 4. MINORS If you are a minor in the country from which you are accessing our Site or our Applications, you may only communicate your personal data on the Site or on the Applications with the consent of your parent(s) or guardian(s). If you are a parent or a guardian and if you consent that a minor communicates his/her personal data on this Site or on these Applications, you are accepting these confidentiality rules concerning the use of the Site and the Applications by the minor.