https://www.chinookwindscasino.com/terms-of-service/
close x
Terms of Service
General
Chinook Winds Casino Resort (“CWCR”, “us” or “we”) respects the privacy of all visitors to our
Web site. We maintain this site to market and promote the many services and amenities offered
by CWCR. In order to assist us in better serving our customers, we may collect certain
anonymous information automatically, and may require certain personal information, including
financial information, if you are making reservations or purchases or requesting information
from us through this Web site. This Privacy Statement outlines the type of information that
CWCR may collect and the manner in which such information will be used. All efforts have
been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided herein, however CWCR makes no
warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information supplied herein.
CWCR is a wholly-owned instrumentality of The Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians.
Anonymous Information Automatically Collected
We may collect and use certain information about your use of this Web site that does not
personally identify you. This information includes your IP address and other information
gathered through the use of “cookies”. Cookies enable us to gather anonymous click-stream
information, such as pages viewed, the date and time the site was entered, the type of internet
browser you are using, the type of computer you are using, and the domain name of the Web site
from which you linked to our site. This anonymous information does not personally identify you,
and is gathered to help us develop generalized customer profiles to better serve our customers.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow users
to accept or reject cookies. If you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to
take advantage of certain services that we offer on our Web site.
Personal Information Collected
You may be required to supply personal information such as your name, address, telephone
number and/or email address in order to receive certain information, participate in promotions,
make reservations or place orders. A personal identification number provided by CWCR may be
required to access certain personal information. By providing personal information, you agree to
be placed on marketing lists and may receive promotional materials from CWCR from time to
time.
Your personal information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties. We
provide you with the capability to transmit your personal information via secured and encrypted
channels if you use a similarly equipped Web browser. Personally identifiable information is
stored on our Web server and is not publicly accessible. Further, personally identifiable
information is only accessed by CWCR employees on a “need to know” basis. In order to ensure
that all of your personal information is correct and up to date, you will be able to update your
personal information. While we strive to protect your personal information, CWCR cannot
ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own
risk.
Age Policy
Chinook Winds Casino Resort has no intention of collecting any personal information (such as
name, address, telephone number or email address) from individuals under 21 years of age Any
offers, promotions or contests we conduct are not open to persons younger than 21 years of age
with the exception of Poker players who are eligible to play at 18 years of age and older. We
reserve the right to verify age at any time for any reason and may reject a person who does not
have valid age identification as requested by CWCR. If a child has provided us with personal
information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the email address or phone
number listed at the bottom of this Privacy Statement to identify the information that must be
removed.
Sharing Information
The personal information you provide may be shared with other businesses owned or managed
by The Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians, and associated with Chinook Winds Casino
Resort. These entities include The Chinook Winds Hotel, Golf Course and Fitness Center. We
will not share or divulge your personal information to any non-affiliated third parties by us,
except that such disclosure may be necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal
process or other legal requirements of any governmental authorities, including but not limited to
authorities which regulate gaming activities; or (b) protect and defend the rights or property of
CWCR.
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of such sites. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution
when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Changes to Privacy Statement
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this
Privacy Statement simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Web site. Any
such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Web site.
Copyright
All contents of this Web site are: Copyright © 2016-2017 Chinook Winds Casino Resort, 1777 NW
40th Street, Lincoln City, OR 97367. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Service Description: Chinook Winds is offering a SMS text alert program.  Upon joining, you will receive a confirmation text to confirm your participation in this program.  Once enrolled, you will receive text messages with the latest Chinook Winds special offers, events, news, updates and ticketing info for exclusive mobile offers. To join, just text Chinook777 to 99158.
Limitations –Chinook Winds’ General SMS Service is available only on Boost, AT&T, T-Mobile®, Dobson, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, C Spire Wireless, Virgin Mobile, Metro PCS, Cellcom, NTelos, GetLisa, & Cricket Communications. Other Network Carriers will be added as they become available. T-Mobile® is not liable for any delayed or undelivered messages. You must be 21 years of age or older to use this service. Consent not a condition of purchase.
Message and Data rates may apply.  Recurring monthly messages.
General SMS Program Opt-In/Opt-Out:  To sign-up text Chinook777 to 99518. To cancel: Text STOP to 99158.  For Support text HELP to 99158 or call (855) 666-7635 or email: SMSSupport@cwcresort.com
Privacy – All customer data will be used only for Chinook Winds and our partners to provide these services.  We will not pass-on or re-sell your data to any third party.
Your Consent – By using Chinook Winds, (you) the user consents to our privacy policy.  To review our Privacy Policy please visit https://www.chinookwindscasino.com/privacy-policy/
Changes to Privacy Policy – In the case of changes to Chinook Winds privacy policy, we will post those changes to https://www.chinookwindscasino.com/privacy-policy/
Contacting Us – If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or Chinook Winds’ service, you may contact us using the information below.
Chinook Winds Casino Resort
1777 NW 44th Street
Lincoln City, OR 97367
SMS Help: (855) 666-7635
SMSSupport@cwcresort.com.