http://www.footiemanager.com/static/privacy.asp
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
FootieManager ("FootieManager", "we", "us", or "our") is committed to providing a customised experience, tailored to your needs. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose information through the websites, mobile applications, and other services (collectively the "Services") that link to this Privacy Policy.
HERE IS THE INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Information you voluntarily provide We may collect information you provide directly via the Services. We may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, access various content or features, submit comments and other content, order products, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
 name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
 User name, display name, and password;
 Demographic information, such as age information and gender;
 Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date;
 Communications preferences;
 Search queries;
 Stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
 Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
 Additional information with your consent as otherwise described to you at the point of collection
The information you provide may include Personal Information.
"Personal Information" is information that identifies you personally (whether alone or in combination). Personal Information once "de-identified" is not subject to this Privacy Policy and we may treat it as non-Personal Information and use it without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.
Information we collect about you and your device When you use the Services, we use Google Analytics to collect information about your visit to our Services.
You can find more information about Google Analytics here.
In essence, Google Analytics enables us to analyse how you and others interact with our Services. The information we collect may include:
 Your browser type and operating system;
 Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
 Geolocation information;
 Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
 the number of sessions per browser on each device;
 the type of device (eg Samsung) and operating system (eg Android) you are using;
 referrer information;
 time zone;
 user preferences; and
 which pages you visited.
We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as "Flash Cookies"), and other technologies to automatically collect Usage Information:
How we use cookies, pixels and local storage Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of our Website. Cookies make the interaction between you and our Website faster and easier. We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Services. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the Services and also allows us to improve theServices. Cookies also help us authenticate you.
Please refer to your device's help material to learn what controls you can use to remove or block cookies. Please remember that if you do this, it may affect your ability to use the the Services. As you use your device, you will encounter third parties that make use of cookies and similar technologies. We are not responsible for those third parties or what they may place on your device or in your browser.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We use the information you provide to us to:
	enable us to provide the Services;
	ensure our content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device to achieve the most user-friendly navigation experience;
	provide you with marketing information about us and our services (you may opt in and out from receiving such information at any time);
	notify you about changes to the Services;
	carry out our obligations arising out of the Terms of Use; and/or
	defend our servers against malicious attacks.
Where we propose using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above.
THIS IS WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
We will only share your information with other organisations where we have your permission to do so in accordance with this Policy or where we believe it is necessary for a legitimate reason connected with the Website and/or the Services.
Below is a non-exhaustive list of third parties we work with. We may work with third parties not listed below or stop working with the third parties listed below.
Name of third party	Why we work with them Google AnalyticsTo monitor Website performance & user experience. Amazon Web ServicesTo process emails. Wavesong Design LimitedTo manage our servers.
HERE ARE YOUR RIGHTS
We think it is important that you are able to control your personal data.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at data@footiemanager.com.
The law gives you the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. We first require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification. We will supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files. In addition, you may request rectification or erasure of personal information as well as the restriction of processing of your personal information.
If you wish to complain about the processing of your personal information then please contact us first, but if we do not satisfactorily deal with your complaint, then you may contact the Information Commissioner.
If you want to stop using the Services, you may do so. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access the Services.
DATA SECURITY
We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide to us.
Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any access to or use of the Services using your password, whether or not authorized by you.
Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
THIRD PARTY PROPERTIES ACCESSED FROM THE WEBSITE
Our Website and Services may contain links to and from the online properties of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these online properties, please note that these online properties have their own privacy policies which will govern use of any personal data that they process. Please check these policies carefully before you click on any links and/or submit any personal data to these online properties.
CHANGE OF CONTROL
If the ownership of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so they can continue to operate the Website and provide the Services.
The new owner will be obliged to comply with this Policy.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY
Any changes we may make to this Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Where it makes sense because the changes are material, we will notify you of the changes by e-mail or in another appropriate manner such as when you next interact with the Service.
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US
Any questions, comments and requests you may have regarding this Policy can be directed to data@footiemanager.com.
Game Status: GOOD
Server 4
Users Online: 3333
Server Time:
Testimonials
Footie Manager is the greatest game going around at the moment. I just love all of the real life managing action, all of the transfers and messages between managers is awesome. Great job Footie Manager!Nick BellAustralia
Read more... >>