http://www.ellatha.com/terms.asp
Your browser does not support the IFRAME tag.
News
Articles
Calendar
Forum
Websites
Downloads
Pictures
Polls
Main page
Community
News
Articles
Forum
Events
Guestbook
Websites
Downloads
Pictures
Polls
Tags
Tell a friend
Login
Sign up
date time
Menu
Main page
News
Articles
Downloads
Pictures
Calendar
Tags
Portals
Greek
Gaming
Business
Online Stores
Webmasters
Community
Guestbook
Forum
Events
Polls
Websites
Personal
Login
Sign up
Search
News
Downloads
Articles
Websites
Pictures
Calendar
Web counters
HitsVisitors
Today14,33912,067
Yesterday48,83636,924
Top Day267,323(11/03/13)255,979(11/03/13)
Total327,036,466265,299,360
Terms of Service (TOS)
Acceptance of Terms
Welcome to Ellatha.com.
Ellatha.com provides these service to you, subject to the following Terms of
Service (TOS), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time. In addition, when using
particular Ellatha.com services, you and Ellatha.com
shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services which
may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules are hereby incorporated
by reference into the TOS. Ellatha.com also may offer other services from
time to time, such as Ellatha.com Store and Ellatha.com
Site that are governed by different Terms of Services. These TOS do not apply to the
Ellatha.com Store or the Ellatha.com Site or such other services.
Description of Service
Ellatha.com currently provides users with access to a rich collection of on-line
resources, including, various communications tools, online forums, shopping services,
personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties
(the Service). Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or
enhance the current Service, including the release of new Ellatha.com
properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service
is provided AS-IS and that Ellatha.com assumes no responsibility for
the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or
personalization settings.
In order to use the Service, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web, either
directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees
associated with such access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to
make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer and modem or other
access device.
Your Registration Obligations
In consideration of your use of the Service, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate,
current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration
form (such information being the Registration Data) and (b) maintain and promptly
update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you
provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or
Ellatha.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue,
inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Ellatha.com has the right to suspend
or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service
(or any portion thereof). Ellatha.com is concerned about the safety and
privacy of all its users, particularly children. Please remember that the Service is
designed to appeal to a broad audience.
Member Account, Password and Security
You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's
registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the
password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your
password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Ellatha.com
of any unauthorized use of your password and/or account or any other breach of security,
and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.
Ellatha.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from
your failure to comply with this Section 5.
Member Conduct
You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs,
graphics, video, messages or other materials (Content), whether publicly posted or
privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content
originated. This means that you, and not Ellatha.com, are entirely
responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make
available via the service. Ellatha.com does not control the Content posted
via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of
such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content
that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will
Ellatha.com be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to,
for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind
incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise
made available via the Service.
You agree to not use the Service to:
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is
unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar,
obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
otherwise objectionable;
Harm minors in any way;
Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a
Ellatha.com official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin
of any Content transmitted through the Service;
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do
not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary
relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information
learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure
agreements);
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes
any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights (Rights)
of any party;
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or
unauthorized advertising, promotional materials,junk mail, spam, chain
letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation, except in those
areas (such as shopping rooms) that are designated for such purpose;
Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or
hardware or telecommunications equipment;
Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to scroll faster than other
users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively
affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the
Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks
connected to the Service;
Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or
international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities
exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American
Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;
Stalk or otherwise harass another; or
Collect or store personal data about other users.
You acknowledge that Ellatha.com does not pre-screen Content, but that
Ellatha.com and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation)
in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any Content that is available via the Service.
Without limiting the foregoing, Ellatha.com and its designees shall have
the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any
Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such
Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by
Ellatha.com or submitted to Ellatha.com, including without
limitation information in Forums, Articles, News, and in all other parts of the Service.
You acknowledge and agree that Ellatha.com may preserve Content and may
also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such
preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process;
(b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of
third-parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
Ellatha.com, its users and the public.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including
your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to
conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Special Admonitions for International Use
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules
regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with
all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United
States or the country in which you reside.
Content Submitted or Made Available for Inclusion on the Service
Ellatha.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available
for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect to Content you submit or make
available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant
Ellatha.com the following world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license(s),
as applicable:
With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on all
publicly accessible areas of Ellatha.com the license to use, distribute,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the
Service solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific
Ellatha.com to which such Content was submitted or made available. This
license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on
the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or Ellatha.com
removes such Content from the Service.
With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for
inclusion on all publicly accessible area of the Service the license to use, distribute,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the
Service solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available.
This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content
on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or Ellatha.com
removes such Content from the Service.
With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or
make available for inclusion on all publicly accessible areas of the Service, the
perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce,
modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content
(in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or
medium now known or later developed.
Publicly accessible areas of the Service are those areas of the Ellatha.com
network of properties that are intended by Ellatha.com to be available to
the general public. However, all publicly accessible areas of the Service would not
include portions of Ellatha.com that are limited to members,
Ellatha.com services intended for private communication such as
Ellatha.com Mail or Ellatha.com PMessenger, or areas off of the
Ellatha.com network of properties such as portions of World Wide Web sites
that are accessible through Ellatha.com Webring but are not hosted or
served by Ellatha.com.
Indenmity
You agree to indemnify and hold Ellatha.com, and its subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless
from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party
due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or make available through the
Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the
TOS, or your violation of any rights of another.
No Resale of Service
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial
purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
General Practices Regarding Use and Storage
You acknowledge that Ellatha.com may establish general practices and limits
concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days
that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by
the Service, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an
account on the Service, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or
received by an account on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on
Ellatha.com's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the
maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You
agree that Ellatha.com has no responsibility or liability for the deletion
or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or
transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that Ellatha.com reserves the
right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further
acknowledge that Ellatha.com reserves the right to change these general
practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.
Modification to Services
Ellatha.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or
discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that
Ellatha.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or
discontinuance of the Service.
Termination
You agree that Ellatha.com, in its sole discretion, may terminate your
password, account (or any part thereof) or use of the Service, and remove and discard
any Content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack
of use or if Ellatha.com believes that you have violated or acted
inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOS. Ellatha.com may also
in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part
thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the
Service under any provision of this TOS may be effected without prior notice, and
acknowledge and agree that Ellatha.com may immediately deactivate or delete
your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further
access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that Ellatha.com
shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access to the
Service.
Dealings with Advertisers
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of,
advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related
goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations
associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that
Ellatha.com shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any
sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such
advertisers on the Service.
Links
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web
sites or resources. Because Ellatha.com has no control over such sites and
resources, you acknowledge and agree that Ellatha.com is not responsible for
the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not
responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or
available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that
Ellatha.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance
on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
All product and brand names mentioned on this web site are trademarks of their respective owners,
and any mention of them on Ellatha.com is for informational purposes only and does not necessarily
constitute an endorsement or a recommendation of them by Ellatha.com its owners, or personnel.
This website contains links to many online resources. These links are provided solely for the
convenience of our users and for their assistance in locating other resources and services
that may be of value to them. By using this access, you will be entering or linking to a
third party's site that may offer privacy and security practices different from that
of Ellatha.com. Ellatha.com does not offer, endorse or guarantee, and assumes no liability for the accuracy,
appropriateness or usefulness of, any products or services of any such third party.
The third party is responsible for its site contents, privacy and security practices, and system availability.
Ellatha.com's Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection
with the Service (Software) contain proprietary and confidential information that is
protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and
agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to
you through the Service or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by
Ellatha.com or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell,
distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or
in part.
Ellatha.com grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and
license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do
not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of,
reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code,
sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right
in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, or to use
modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of
obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any
means other than through the interface that is provided by Ellatha.com
for use in accessing the Service.
Disclaimer of Warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN
AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE BASIS. Ellatha.com EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Ellatha.com MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE,
(iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE
OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL
PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V)
ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE
AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE
TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH
MATERIAL.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM
GLOBAL_SITE_NAME%> OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT
EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TOS.
Limitation of Liabilty
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT Ellatha.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER
INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF Ellatha.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE
COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA,
INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED
INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR
TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR
(v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
Exclusions of Limitations
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE
ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 17 AND 18 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Special Admonition for Services Related to Financial Matters
If you intend to create or join any service, receive or request any news, messages, alerts
or other information from the Service concerning companies, stock quotes, investments or
securities, please read the above Sections 17 and 18 again. They go doubly for you. In
addition, for this type of information particularly, the phrase Let the investor
beware is apt. The Service is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content
included in the Service is intended for trading or investing purposes. Ellatha.com
and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or
availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Service, and shall
not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions made based on such
information.
Notices
Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide
notices of changes to the TOS or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices
to you generally on the Service.
Trademark Information
Ellatha.com, the Ellatha.com logo and product and service names are
trademarks of Ellatha.com. Without Ellatha.com's prior
permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner, the Ellatha.com
Marks.
General Inforamtion
The TOS constitute the entire agreement between you and Ellatha.com
and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and
Ellatha.com. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may
apply when you use affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The
TOS and the relationship between you and Ellatha.com shall be governed by the
laws of the State of CT without regard to its conflict of law
provisions. You and Ellatha.com agree to submit to the personal and exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts located within the city and county of Norwalk,
CT. The failure of Ellatha.com to exercise or enforce any
right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the
parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS
remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the
contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or
the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be
forever barred.
The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual
effect.
Violations
Please report any violations of the TOS to our Customer Care group.
Other Legal Notices: Privacy Notice -
Copyright Notice
Advertisement
Your browser does not support the IFRAME tag.
Online
You will not see this text if your browser supports IFRAME. If you CAN see this, you are in a bad way.
Staff
|
|
|
|
Accounts
Members : 3890
-Active :3740
-Non active :120
Random User
RavenZ
© Ellatha.com 2002-2020 -
Terms of Service
- Privacy Notice
- Copyright Notice