http://www.managerzone.com/?p=start&sub=terms_of_use
Football
Login
Login
Remember me
Can't Login?
Incorrect username or password
11-12-2020 06:51
|
Season 76 · Week 10 · Day 67
|
Online: 1 632
Change language
Manage your hockey teamSign up now!
Z
Game News
Leagues
Ranking
Forum
Federations
Help
Login
Terms Of Use
(Revised May 2018)
YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES AND WEB SITES IS SUBJECT TO YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
This Web site (referred to as "ManagerZone") is offered to you, the user, by Power Challenge AB (“PC") conditioned on your acceptance, without modification, of the terms contained herein. Your use of ManagerZone constitutes your agreement to all such terms (the "Agreement"). PC may change, add or remove any part of this Agreement, or any other terms associated with the use of ManagerZone, at any time, by posting a notice of such changes. Any changes shall become part of the Agreement and shall apply as soon as such a notice is posted. By continuing to use ManagerZone after the notice is posted, you are indicating your acceptance of those changes.
By register an account on ManagerZone you accept and warrant that you fully understand and agree to be bound by the terms of use of this Agreement, by the privacy policy on this site and by all the rules and guidelines of this site. You will always be able to find the latest agreements and policy’s in the footer of this site.
Failure to abide by these terms and conditions may result in disqualification, account closure, forfeiture of funds and/or legal action against you. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions do not create an account and don’t run our software.
As the text in this Agreement as well as the rules and guidelines at our website could be presented in several languages. English is always the deciding language in case of differences in interpretation.
All contents of this Web Site are: Copyright © Power Challenge AB All rights reserved.
GENERAL TERMS OF USE
ManagerZone is only for your personal use. You may not sell or exchange anything you copy from ManagerZone or use it for any business or commercial purpose. As long as you comply with the terms of this Agreement, PC grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to enter, use, perform and display ManagerZone and everything on it. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of ManagerZone in any way.
One person is only allowed to have one account.
It is not allowed to take over another user's account.
The e-mail address you write in your application should be correct and existing. If it doesn't exist we can't send you your password if you should forget it, nor can you our in-game support form. ManagerZone also has a newsletter and certain offerings that you approve being sent to your e-mail address by making this application.
It is your responsibility to protect your Password. Any actions carried out by the use of your login details are at your sole risk and any liability there from shall be strictly yours. Never give out your password to anyone claming to be a crew member or admin, we will NEVER ask for your password in any situation.
All taxes, duties and fees applicable in connection with any winnings at ManagerZone are the sole responsibility of the client.
Don’t make use of possible bugs or exploits. When there are errors in the code or in the system in general it is considered as cheating if you in order to benefit from it compared to other users, make use of a bug or don't report it.
You understand that online games, and system specifications necessary to play those games, may continuously evolve over time. Accordingly, PC reserves the right to modify and/or increase the system specifications necessary to play any online game - whether free or subscription based - at any time and without notice.
Your failure to abide by this agreement may result in cancellation of the fee-based content and/or service without refund and in additional charges based on unauthorized use.
MANAGERZONE COMMUNICATION FEATURES
ManagerZone communication features (e.g. game room chat, message boards, forums, community areas, team pages) are services provided to members of ManagerZone. By using any of PC Communication Features, you agree to be bound by PC Privacy Policy as well as this agreement.
You understand that anything sent through or appearing in PC’s Communication Features are the sole responsibility of those persons posting the message. This means that you, and not PC, are entirely responsible for all information and material that you post there.
PC does not control the content of any postings in PC's Communication Features and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of anything within them. You understand that by using PC's Communication Features, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will PC be liable for any errors or omissions in any postings or for any loss or damages of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any information contained within PC's Communication Features.
PC retains the right to terminate ManagerZone membership, including membership through our partners, of anyone who violates our rules below or on the site.
You agree not to do any of the following while on ManagerZone or in any communication feature provided by PC:
transmit any message, information, data, text, software or graphic files, or other materials ("Content") that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, that may be invasive of another's right of privacy or publicity, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a ManagerZone crew member or admin, guide or host or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
post or transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
post or transmit any Content that contains a virus or corrupted data;
delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels that you upload to a PC Communication Feature;
use a PC Communication Feature in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g., excessive shouting [use of all caps], flooding [continuous posting of repetitive text] or excessively large embedded images);
post or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, rule or regulation; and
upload or transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party.
By submitting (e.g., uploading or transmitting) Content to a PC Communication Feature, you automatically grant PC the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such Content (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. In addition, you warrant that any and all so-called "moral rights" in the Content have been waived. PC and our crew shall have the right, but not the obligation, in their sole discretion to edit, refuse to post, or remove any Content posted in any PC Communication Feature. Without limiting the foregoing, PC and its crew shall have the right to remove any Content that is in violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable. You agree to indemnify and hold PC harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your violation of these terms and conditions or your violation of any rights of another.
SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEB SITE
Any software that is made available to download from this Web site ("Software") is the copyrighted work of PC. PC hereby grants to you, the user, a personal, non-transferable license to use the Software for viewing and other use of this Web site in accordance with these terms of use, and for no other purpose. Please note that all Software, including, without limitation, all HTML code contained in this Web site, is owned by PC or suppliers and are subject to protection under various intellectual property laws, including copyright throughout the world. Unauthorized copying of the Software, or any portion thereof, is expressly forbidden.
You may be held legally responsible for any infringement caused by your failure to abide by the terms of this Agreement.
You may not modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software or create any derivative work thereof or any software interfacing with the Software.
This Agreement authorizes you to use the Software on the single microcomputer in which the Software is installed. Title to the Software will at all times remain with PC and third parties who have granted PC the right to distribute portions of the Software.
You may not (a) electronically transfer the Software from one computer to another over a network (b) distribute copies of the Software to others, (c) print, modify, adapt, translate, or create derivative works based on the graphics or written materials included in the Software without ManagerZone's prior written consent which may be withheld, or (d) employ any means of circumventing any cheating protection mechanism included in the Software.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
NEITHER PC NOR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DISTRIBUTING ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES CONTAINED ON MANAGERZONE, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, MAKE ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THAT MANAGERZONE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DO THEY MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF MANAGERZONE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY OR CONTENT OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH MANAGERZONE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL PC COMMUNICATION FEATURES.
The Software is delivered "as is" without any warranties. USE OF MANAGERZONE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall ManagerZone or any of its licensors or any of its or their respective partners, contractors, vendors or suppliers be liable to licensee or any third party for any claims or damages, including, but not limited to any lost profits, lost savings, lost data or any other direct incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, whether resulting from impaired or lost data, software or computer failure or any other cause, even if such damages are caused by ManagerZone's own negligence and even if ManagerZone is advised of the possibility of such damages, or for any other claim by any user of the software.
In no event shall the liability of ManagerZone or any of its licensors or any of its or their respective contractors, vendors or suppliers be liable to licensee or any third party exceed the amount you paid for the Software.
No oral or written advice or statement given or made by ManagerZone, or its dealers, agents, partners, distributors or employees shall create any warranty or in any way increase the scope of the foregoing warranty.
TERMINATION
Either PC or you may terminate this Agreement at any time.
Fees paid for any subscription term or pay-per-use are paid in advance and are not refundable in whole or in part.
Power Tokens expire 365 days after their purchase.
We can terminate the Agreement by asking you to stop using ManagerZone, and, if necessary, by preventing your access to ManagerZone.
ManagerZone reserves the right to close down existing accounts without explanation.
ManagerZone reserves the right to refuse any application without further explanation.
Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall have no further rights to use ManagerZone or its services.
Inactive accounts, that are not accessed after 70 days may be automatically deleted.
Power Tokens in inactive accounts, that are not accessed after 91 days will expire.
Follow us on:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Privacy Policy |
Terms Of Use |
General Rules
Copyright © Power Challenge AB, 2001-2020. All rights reserved.