https://www.partygameideas.com/download-faq-help/
Download FAQ – Help
Game Download FAQ – Help
Thank you for purchasing a Party Game Ideas printable game. If you are on this page, then something has not gone as planned with your order. We are here to help and want to review options to resolve the issue and get you your game.
1. I didn’t receive the printable game download link email.a. Check your spam filter, we often find this is the culprit.
b. Check PayPal account email against current email. The game is sent to the PayPal email. If the email is no longer in use let us know and once your order is confirmed, we will forward the game download link to you.
c. The wrong email was typed into the order. If the email used is incorrect, send us an email and include your first and last name and purchase date so we can confirm purchase and get you your game.
2. I used eCheck and haven’t received my download link email.eChecks take 3 – 5 business days to clear, and the game is not sent until it clears.
3. My download link has expired.Email us and we will confirm the order and email the game to you.
4. I am having issues printing my downloaded game.First make sure you are using the latest version of Adobe Reader and check your printer settings.Still need help – How to print a pdf.
5. How can I print 2 game sheets on 1 page?
If you have additional questions concerning your order please Contact Us.
CategoriesHolidays & Events
Christmas Games
Christmas Games by Age
Printable Christmas Games
Gift Exchanges
Adult Christmas Games
Kids Christmas Games
Social Distancing Party Ideas
Birthday
1st Birthday Party
Kids Party Games
Printable Birthday Games
Grown Up Games
Events
Baby Shower Games
Bachelorette Party Games
Bridal Shower Games
Dinner Party
Family Reunion
Wedding Anniversary Games
Party Planning
Christmas Party Ideas
Email Newsletter Sign-Up
Recent Posts
Christmas Drink If Game
Adult Christmas Games, Blog, Printable Christmas Games
10 Christmas Zoom Party Games
Blog
Christmas Carol Bible Trivia Game
Adult Christmas Games, Blog, Printable Christmas Games
Christmas Bible Trivia Questions
Adult Christmas Games, Blog, Printable Christmas Games
Social Distancing Gift Exchange Ideas
Blog, Christmas Party Planning, Gift Exchanges
Search for:
Shops & Savings
You May Like
By continuing to browse or clicking “Accept” you agree to the usage of third party cookies and analytics to analyze site usage.Accept Reject Read Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Pin It on Pinterest