http://www.redhawkcasino.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Red Hawk Casino is firmly committed to protecting your online privacy. During your use of this website, we collect certain information about you that you may consider private or confidential.
We are providing you with this notice to explain our policies for collecting, using and sharing this information with others.
Privacy Policy
Red Hawk Casino is committed to protecting the privacy of our guests. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Red Hawk Casino and Red Hawk Casino Websites (collectively, “Red Hawk Casino,” “Red Hawk,” “us,” or “we”) as outlined under the “Scope” section below.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write us at:
Red Hawk Casino
1 Red Hawk Casino Parkway Placerville, CA 95667
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the Red Hawk Casino property located in Placerville, California, USA and Red Hawk Casino Websites that post this Privacy Policy. It does not apply to any other company nor does it apply to any person(s) not employed by Red Hawk Casino.
Partner companies and sites – We may occasionally offer products and/or services in connection with partner companies and web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to Red Hawk Casino in order to deliver on such products and/or services. The information that we receive is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Red Hawk Casino’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other companies or sites. We encourage you to read their privacy policies.
How Red HAWK CASINO Uses Your Personal Information
This policy outlines how Red Hawk Casino collects personal information through gaming, contests, promotions, the Red Hawk Rewards Program and Red Hawk Casino Websites and how that information will be used. “Personal information” is information that you voluntarily provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. Personal information can also include information that is collected electronically such as transaction history and gaming activity.
We may collect personal information through (but not limited to) the following processes:
If you participate in gaming, a contest or a promotion
If you sign up for a Red Hawk Rewards Account
If you subscribe to direct mail marketing or e-mail subscriptions or
If you contact us via the Red Hawk Casino Website
We may also collect personal information by e-mail, postal mail, telephone, and other means. Personal information may also include items published on Red Hawk Casino Websites such as: your photo (if you have previously signed a Photograph Release Agreement); first name and last initial; and/or Red Hawk Rewards number.
When you visit Red Hawk Casino Websites, we may set and access cookies on your electronic device. Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by tracking user and technological trends. Most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Red Hawk Casino automatically receives and records information from your electronic device and browser such as your IP address, software and hardware properties, and the pages you request. Red Hawk Casino uses this information to improve products and services, internal research and analysis and to contact you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not provide personal information to third parties for the marketing of their products and services without your consent. However, we reserve the right to disclose personal information to our partners, and other third parties for the following purposes:
We provide personal information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Red Hawk Casino. We contractually require any partner company to protect our guests on our behalf. These companies may use your personal information to help Red Hawk  Casino communicate to you offers and promotions from Red Hawk  Casino and our marketing partners
To comply with legal matters such as a subpoena, court order or a search warrant; or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims
In order to prevent, investigate, or otherwise address fraud, security issues, technical issues or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Red Hawk  Casino’s Terms of Use
In the event of a transfer to a third party of all or substantially all of the assets of Red Hawk  Casino and/or any Red Hawk  Casino Website
If you enroll in our Responsible Gaming Program
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information
To edit or delete you’re Red Hawk Rewards Account or to be removed from our direct mailing list, please visit the Rewards Center at Red Hawk Casino with a valid government issued photo ID such as a driver’s license or military ID.
To unsubscribe from e-mail subscriptions, follow the instructions to unsubscribe contained in the message(s) received.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to Red Hawk Casino’s Rewards Program, such as program changes and administrative messages that are considered part of your Red Hawk Rewards Account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
Red Hawk Casino takes security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. However, no security system can guarantee 100% security. The following is a summary of the measures we take to protect your information:
We restrict access to personal information to Red Hawk Casino team members and contractors who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have electronic, physical, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
MOBILE DEVICES
Information We Automatically Collect from Mobile Devices on Red Hawk Casino Property.  If you have a mobile device, are located on Red Hawk Casino Property and have your WiFi or Bluetooth functionality enabled, we may collect information concerning your mobile device, including the type of device, device ID, and the precise physical location of your device within and around the Red Hawk Casino Property (including geolocation and beacon-based location), for analytics and non-marketing related purposes, such as enabling us to understand our customers’ preferences and use of our properties, including general traffic patterns.  With your consent, we might also use your location information for marketing purposes, such as to provide you with real-time offers and personalized promotions.  If you do not want information concerning your precise location to be collected on Red Hawk Casino Property, you may adjust your mobile device location sharing settings and disable the WiFi and Bluetooth functionality in your mobile device settings.
VIDEO SURVEILLANCE AND FACIAL RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGIES
We use surveillance systems to monitor all gaming areas and other public or sensitive areas of the Red Hawk Casino Property. Video surveillance cameras may be used for security purposes and to protect us, our customers and employees against potential violations of criminal or civil laws. Some video surveillance systems may incorporate facial recognition technologies that can be used, in the discretion of our employees, for additional surveillance and screening of individuals at Red Hawk Casino.  In addition, cameras and facial recognition technologies may also be used at Red Hawk Casino to enhance your customer experience and provide services to you. Surveillance camera output is monitored by our employees and contractors and may be viewed by law enforcement and regulatory authorities.
Age Policy
Certain areas of our site are intended for persons 21 years of age or older. If you are under age 21, we ask that you do not provide information to us, nor will we knowingly collect information from people under the age of 21. Any offers, promotions, or contests we conduct are not open to persons younger than 21 years of age. We reserve the right to verify your age at any time for any reason and may refuse admittance or service to a person who does not have valid age identification at any time. If a child has provided us with personal information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us immediately at (888) 573-3495 to identify the information that must be removed.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Red Hawk Casino may update this policy at any time without notice.