http://www.revolution.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Broken Sword 5: The Serpent's Curse - Episode 2 now available on PC, Mac and Linux.
My Cart (0)
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about website traffic. Google Analytics uses "cookies", small text files placed on your computer, to allow us to monitor visits to our website. For example, we track how many visitors come to our website each month, how many pages were visited, how long each page was viewed for, and the rough geographic location of the visitor.
For further information about how Google Analytics uses cookies and IP address data, as well as an opt-out option, please see:
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
When Personal Information is Submitted
If you contact us by email, personal information that exists in that email will be stored by our email systems. Your email address will only used in order to respond to your initial queries, unless you have specifically subscribed to newsletter updates, in which case we will contact you infrequently as described in Mailing Lists below.
We will avoid asking for any personal information we don’t need. For example, we will only ask for a shipping address if there is a physical item that needs to be shipped to you. Wherever possible, we will keep all personal information anonymous and optional.
Any data that we do collect will be kept securely in accordance with the current and new data regulations.
Mailing Lists
When you register for our newsletter we will hold your details, and email you updates about our games and any of our future projects. If you no longer wish to receive these emails you can unsubscribe at any time by following a link in the emails you receive.
Personal Information and Third Parties
Personal information entered on our store pages, such as your shipping address, will only ever be shared with a third party if required specifically to fulfil an order. So, for example, we may need to pass your details to Amazon if that is the company that will send you the order.
If you sign up to the Mailing List, your details will be shared with the web services company (currently Mailchimp) but only in regard to providing those mailing services.
We do keep sales data from 3rd parties such as Google Play, iTunes, Steam, and GOG. This data is used to review sales across formats and in each country throughout the world. We will only use personal data, where it is available, if we need to make a refund. We won’t share your personal information with any third parties unless strictly necessary for our commitment to you, such as delivering rewards or other personalised services we may be providing.
Apple Arcade
Some of our titles are available on Apple's new gaming subscription service; Apple Arcade. For any concerns regarding your personal data whilst using this service, please see:
Our Apple Arcade privacy policy update
Apple's Official Apple Arcade privacy policy
Game Sessions
When you play our games on Android and iOS, we collect some anonymous metrics through Google Play and iTunes to help us determine how to give better support for common in-game issues, to help us tweak gameplay elements that may be snagging players, and for consideration when designing our future titles.
These metrics include:
A device identifier (either the Google ANDROID_ID or the iOS Device ID)
The device type and Operating System (OS) version
Game Name/Version
Crash data (where available)
Game progress and interaction, hints and features used
We do not have a way to, nor do we seek to, link any of this information (including device identifier) to any personal data. For example, we might be able to see that one of our games crashes on a specific device running under a particular operating system, but we cannot identify those people directly. No information we collect from game sessions is shared with third parties.
We plan to add the option to opt out of metrics in the near future.
GDPR
From 25th May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will come into effect. This regulation is aimed at enhancing your rights to privacy, and ensuring that we, as a company, are handling your personal data properly and in accordance with EU and UK laws.
This won’t require anything directly from you. We’ll make sure we store your data securely, and that through this Privacy Policy you know exactly what information we collect from you, why we keep it, and how we use it.
Your access to Information
You have the right to access information held about you, and following the GDPR we are obliged to provide you with a copy of all the requested personal data we have on you within 30 days of receiving your request. You can then reuse this data for your own purposes.
If we’ve got incorrect or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to rectify this, as well as the right to object to us using it. And if you’d rather we didn’t have any of your information, you have the right to ‘erasure’, where we are obliged to remove any of your personal info from our records.
Transaction histories are managed via the respective payment processor (eg. Google Play, iTunes, PayPal). Most of these will show the same transaction history to you as it does to us.
Surveys
During the development of our games, we may want to send out surveys asking for information that helps us identify the type of people who play our games, and their preferences. This will help us write games that best appeal to our core audience.
All data collected in this way would be completely anonymous, and could not be tracked back to any personal data which would allow us to identify the person who provided that data.
These surveys would, of course, be entirely optional.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may need to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes we may make will be posted on this page, so please check back from time to time.
Contact
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please get in touch at info@revolution.co.uk. We’d be happy to answer any of your questions!