http://www.stronghold-knights.com/privacy/
Stronghold Knights Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at http://stronghold-knights.com/, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Stronghold Knights’ website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Stronghold Knights’ website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Stronghold Knights at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Stronghold Knights’ website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Stronghold Knights makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Stronghold Knights does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Stronghold Knights or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Stronghold Knights’ website, even if Stronghold Knights or a Stronghold Knights authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Stronghold Knights website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Stronghold Knights does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Stronghold Knights may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Stronghold Knights does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Stronghold Knights has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Stronghold Knights of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
Stronghold Knights may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United States and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Tweet
Recent PostsSteps To Follow When Cleaning Your RifleJuly 13, 2020It is crucial that you properly maintain your rifle as …Read More »How To Build A Gaming PCFebruary 18, 2019Gaming in PC has evolved drastically. People in their 20s …Read More »Can You Really Get Paid to Play Video Games?
We Take a LookAugust 18, 2018Do you like playing video games? Can you really get …Read More »The Top Games for Your Phone in 2018July 18, 2018As smartphones have been increasingly becoming an essential part of …Read More »Upgrading Your Computer into a Gaming Beast: Top 5 TipsMay 6, 2018If you want to build a gaming computer you need …Read More »
Get more stuff
Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox.
Thank you for subscribing.
Something went wrong.
we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously