https://www.colorado.gov/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) in Colorado: State & National Resources
Governor
GovernmentState Agencies
Branches of Government
Local Government
BusinessBusinesses & Employers
Resources
EmploymentJobs & Training
Unemployment
Professional Licenses
EducationK - 12 Education
Higher Education
ResidentsFamily Resources
Civic Resources
VisitorsOutdoor Activities
Leisure Activities
About ColoradoColorado's History
State Information
Online Services
press enter to expand a category
Privacy Statement
You are hereHomePrivacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the Colorado home page and reviewing our Privacy Notice. This notice addresses collection, use of and access to information that may be obtained through use of the Colorado home page. This notice covers the following topics:
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual’s name, address, phone number, or email address.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for information. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will not affect your ability to use any other features of our web site.
If personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by the user, state and federal law may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
Furthermore, the information contained in many kinds of documents filed with the State of Colorado is electronically stored and may be made accessible to the public through the State of Colorado’s web site. Except where disclosure is protected by law, the information that is electronically stored may be purchased by private individuals and entities.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children on-line or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Information Collected
We may collect some information about your visit to our web site. This information may include:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used but not the email address. The Internet Protocol Address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet Service Provider or directly to your computer. We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you.
The type of browser you used.
The date and time that you visited this site.
The web pages or services you accessed at this site.
The information we collect or store is used to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services.
If during your visit to our site you send an email to us, the following information will be collected:
The email address you used in sending the email.
The contents of the email.
We use your email to respond appropriately. This may be to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to further improve our web site, or to forward the email to another agency for appropriate action.
Cookies
To better serve our users we may use “cookies” to customize your browsing experience with us. Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your web browser. They provide a method of distinguishing among visitors to our web site.
Cookies created on your computer by using this web site do not contain personally identifying information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We use the cookie feature only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer. You can refuse the cookie or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods. Our services are provided in such a way that the use of cookies is not mandatory.
Search
Popular Search Terms:
Press shift tab to access popular search terms
Contact Us
Search results contain all keywords. Press 'esc' to close overlay.
Example: "Motor Vehicle" will only present results for "Motor Vehicle" not "Motor" or "Vehicle".
Technical Support
Email
Report a Problem or Ask a Question
For technical support on online services
call 303-534-3468 X 0
Please note that we are not a state agency
Government Directories
State Employee Directory
State Agency Directory
Local Government Directory
Citizens Assistance
Explore this interactive service designed to help citizens with common questions.