http://www.highstakesdb.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Start
Privacy Policy
Login
/
Register
Popular: Isildur1, Isildur1, durrrr, BERRI SWEET
Login
Register
Latest news
Doug Polk Takes Another $100k from Daniel Negreanu as Grudge...
Doug Polk Takes Another $100k from Daniel Negreanu as Grudge Match Lea...
Doug Polk Takes Another $100k from Daniel Negreanu...
Popular: Isildur1, Isildur1, durrrr, BERRI SWEET
Privacy Policy Introduction
We HighstakesDB are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you.
By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to protecting your privacy
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information.
Information Collected
We may collect any or all of the information that you give us depending on the type of transaction you enter into, including your name and email address, together with data about your use of the website.
Other information that may be needed from time to time to process a request may also be collected as indicated on the website.
Information Use
We use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this information.
This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
Cookies
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files- "cookies" - that hold information which allows a website to recognise your account.
Our website takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience. You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired.
Disclosing Information
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third.
We may use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our business. You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device.
We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties - for example, the number of individuals visiting our website or completing a registration form, but we will not use any information that could identify those individuals.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.