http://www.crocodilegames.com/privacy.cfm
HomeOnline StoreForumAbout UsNewsDownloadsContact
WarGods of Ægyptus
WarGods of Olympus
WarGods of Hyperborea
Privacy Policy
At Crocodile Games, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information, including any data submitted to our system. We will let each user know how we will use the personal information derived from each user's access to and use of Crocodile Games and/or the Services. Unless specifically stated otherwise, we do not sell information to third parties.
Notice
Crocodile Games will track the domains from which people visit Crocodile Games and analyze this data for trends and statistics. Subject to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, different Crocodile Games owned sites may use accumulated data for different purposes, including but not limited to marketing analysis, service evaluation and planning. Crocodile Games contains links to other websites, whether owned or controlled by Crocodile Games affiliates or unrelated third parties. Crocodile Games is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any linked website.
Cookies
Crocodile Games may employ "cookies" to provide a user with tailored information. A "cookie" is an element of data which a Service or site, when visited by a user, sends to that user's browser which, in turn, may store that element on the user's hard drive or memory. Crocodile Games uses cookies to better serve users who use our Services; any cookies sent by Crocodile Games will be marked so that they will only be accessible by websites subject to this Privacy Policy. However, at his or her option and at his or her sole expense and responsibility, any user may block or delete our cookies from his or her hard drive. However, by disabling cookies, certain site features and functionality may no longer work properly, or at all.
Surveys
Surveys and Resulting Information: Subject to the foregoing, Crocodile Games may conduct surveys or other studies of its customer base and usage for marketing and planning purposes. Participation in such surveys is at the user's option; Crocodile Games does not conduct mandatory surveys. With respect to information collected from such surveys or studies, and in the event that responses are to be publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey and Crocodile Games will disclose only aggregate information regarding its users and not personal information identifying any specific individual. Circumstances under which Crocodile Games would publicly disclose such aggregate information include, but are not limited to, sharing survey results with the site population, providing data to Crocodile Games advertisers on user preferences and/or demographics, and publicizing overall usage data in press communications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in cases where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where Crocodile Games advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Crocodile Games reserves the right to disclose text information provided by any user through such a survey, provided that no personal information identifying that user is disclosed.
Security
To secure site integrity, Crocodile Games employs measures including but not limited to security audits, use of encryption tools and software, and other reasonable security measures and procedures. Internal access to users' private and nonpublic personal information is restricted to site administrators and individuals on a need-to-know basis.
HomeOnline StoreForumAbout UsNewsDownloadsContact
Create Account | Visiting As: guest (US) | Log In
Terms of Service | Content & Artwork Copyright © 2010 Crocodile Games. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy
Continue