http://www.alumilite.com/terms-conditions/
Home
About
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions of Sale | Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Polytek® Development Corp. and California Medical Innovations LLC and Polytek® Development Corp.’s brands, including, without limitation, Alumilite, BCC Products, Blehm Plastics, Environmental Technology, Pro Marine Supplies and Stone Coat Countertops (in each case hereinafter referred to as “Polytek®”) are represented in the following Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Acceptance
The following Terms and Conditions of Sale are applicable to the sale of all products by Polytek® (the “Products”) to any purchaser thereof (“Buyer”). The following Terms and Conditions of Sale constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Polytek® in connection with your purchase of Products from Polytek®. By submitting an order, you shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions of Sale. No terms or conditions contained in any acknowledgement, receipt, email or other communication from you shall bind Polytek® unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by an authorized officer of Polytek®. Any additional terms you propose in any written or oral communication from you to Polytek® shall be deemed to materially alter these Terms and Conditions of Sale. These Terms and Conditions of Sale shall be deemed to provide you with notification of Polytek®’s objection to any such additional or different terms that you propose to Polytek®. Any amendment, waiver or other alteration of the Terms and Conditions of Sale shall be effective only if made in a writing signed by a duly-authorized representative of Polytek® and Buyer’s attempts to alter such Terms and Conditions of Sale with printed purchase orders, acknowledgements or similar documentation shall be void. In the event of a conflict between these terms and conditions contained in any quotation, purchase order, invoice or final order acknowledgement and those contained in these Terms and Conditions of Sale, the terms contained in these Terms and Conditions of Sale shall govern. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Polytek®’s rights and obligations hereunder will not be qualified by or subject to any vendor credentialing, code of conduct, or similar requirements imposed by Buyer upon any of its vendors or suppliers.
Payment Policy
Prices are subject to change without notice. Prices do not include applicable federal, state, regional, and local transactional costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, VAT, GST, freight, taxes, duties, tariffs, or other additional costs imposed by reason of the sale of the Products, which costs and expenses shall be the responsibility of Buyer. Our standard credit terms are Net 30 days for approved accounts. A credit card fee will be charged when used to pay balances on an open account. Past due accounts may incur 1.5% finance charges per month. We accept VISA, MasterCard, American Express, and PayPal. Upon approval, we may accept wire transfer, check, and ACH/EFT payments. Returned checks will incur a $40.00 returned check fee.
Orders placed via Polytek® websites must be paid in advance. Payment options are provided upon checkout.
Any claim concerning invoice amounts shall be made within ten (10) business days from date of receipt of invoice by Buyer, or shall be deemed void.
Sales & Use
Currently, Polytek® collects sales or use tax for Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and West Virginia. For these states, sales tax will be automatically added to your order. You are otherwise responsible for any applicable use tax on your purchases. If you are tax exempt, please call 1-610-559-8620 to place your order and provide a tax exemption certificate for your purchase.
Shipping
Shipping terms vary by Polytek® brand as specified on Polytek® websites. You are responsible for the payment of all shipping costs. Depending on the Product, special or customer shipping options may be available as specified on Polytek® websites. Polytek® does not guarantee a delivery date. If you have a specified delivery date, please contact Polytek® via e-mail or phone. Polytek® shall pack and mark the Products according to its standard procedures for domestic and/or export delivery. For hazardous shipments, additional charges may apply and be added to your invoice. For "freeze-protect" on latex purchases, additional charges may apply. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all Products shall be sold and delivered Ex Works (Incoterms 2020) from Polytek®’s facilities. Title and risk of loss shall pass to Buyer simultaneously with delivery. Buyer assumes all risk and liability for, and hereby agrees to indemnify Polytek® from and against all losses, liabilities, damages and claims whatsoever (whether for personal injury, property damages or otherwise), arising out of transportation, including unloading, storage, handling or use of any Products after title passes to Buyer. Prepaid freight and fuel surcharges may apply to certain orders. No COD shipments. Buyer may arrange, at its costs, for insurance of the Products for shipping. In no event may Buyer re-package or reformulate the Products and then attempt to resell in parts.
Return/Refund Policy
Polytek® may, in its sole discretion, accept returns for unopened, unused material within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Before returning any Product, Buyer must obtain a written return authorization from an authorized representative of Polytek®, which will be valid for no more than fifteen (15) business days from the date of Polytek®’s issuance, provided that Polytek® receives the returned Product within the 15 business-day period. Buyer must prepay all freight, however, Polytek® will issue Buyer a credit for freight where Polytek® determines in its sole discretion that nonconforming Product has been delivered. A 10% restocking fee may be charged for processing the return. Refunds will be issued using the same form of payment initially used to make the purchase.
Acceptance
You hereby agree and acknowledge that Polytek®’s sales agents shall not have the authority to bind or in any way alter the terms and provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Sale. Your use of any Products purchased shall be deemed conclusively that all such Products are conforming and satisfactory to you.
Warranty/ Rejecting Non-Conforming Products
Polytek® warrants to you that most unopened Products, with the exception of latex-based Products, will, for a period of six (6) months from the shipment date, conform to the Product specifications. Latex-based Products will, for a period of three (3) months from the shipment date, conform to the product specifications. The obligation of Polytek®, and your sole and exclusive remedy, pursuant to this warranty shall be for Polytek® (at its option) to repair or replace any defective product which is returned to Polytek®’s principal place of business, with transportation charges prepaid and thereafter determined by Polytek® to not comply with the terms of Polytek®’s warranty above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Polytek® shall have no warranty obligation hereunder if the Product becomes defective in whole or in part as the result of alterations not made by Polytek® or as the result of improper use or storage, or misapplication after it has been delivered to you or damage in shipping. Any warranty made by Polytek® will be expressly subject to proper use of the Products in accordance with any directions for use or other applicable instructions or documentation. No warranty shall apply in situations of error, omission, or negligence in connection with installation, operation, or use of the Products. Upon receipt of the Products, Buyer agrees to immediately inspect and/or test the Products. The Products shall be deemed accepted by Buyer, and all claims with respect to any nonconforming Products shall be deemed waived by Buyer, unless Buyer provides Polytek®, within thirty (30) days of the invoice date, a written notice specifying all defects or discrepancies in the quality or quantity of the Products. Buyer shall permit Polytek® to inspect any damaged or otherwise nonconforming Products. Polytek® will repair or replace non-conforming Products rejected by you, which is Buyer’s sole remedy, provided that you report the non-conforming Products to Polytek® in writing within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. If you fail to notify Polytek® of any non-conformance within thirty (30) days of the invoice date, you shall be deemed to have accepted all such Products as delivered. No repair or replacement under Polytek®’s warranty obligations will extend or enlarge the warranty period.
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN, POLYTEK® MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE NOT RELYING UPON POLYTEK®’S SKILL OR JUDGMENT TO SELECT OR FURNISH PRODUCTS OR GOODS SUITABLE FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR UPON ANY AFFIRMATIONS OF FACT OR PROMISES OF POLYTEK® WHICH EXTEND BEYOND POLYTEK®’S SPECIFICATIONS. IN THAT REGARD, AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRODUCTS ON AN “AS-IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS. FURTHERMORE, YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT POLYTEK® SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE HEREUNDER BEYOND REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR OF ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS. IN ADDITION, YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT POLYTEK® SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION OF ANY NATURE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR PROFITS OR DAMAGE TO PERSONS OR PROPERTY) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR ORDER OR THE PRODUCTS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED IN TORT, WARRANTY, CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL AND / OR EQUITABLE THEORY, AND EVEN IF POLYTEK® HAS BEEN ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, IN NO EVENT SHALL POLYTEK®’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED THE PRICE ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE PRODUCT AT ISSUE.
Force Majeure
Polytek®’s performance shall in all cases be subject to delays resulting from governmental requirements or orders, strikes, or other concerted acts of workmen, fires, floods, explosions, riots, war or armed conflict (declared or undeclared), accidents, acts of God, acts of terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, delays in transportation or inability to obtain necessary labor, materials or supplies or any cause which renders Polytek®’s performance commercially impractical and other causes reasonably beyond Polytek®’s control.
Compliance with Laws
Buyer represents and warrants that the Products will not be used, resold, transferred, exported or reused in any way by Buyer in violation of any laws, regulations of any federal, local, state or other governmental entity, including export/import controls imposed by the U.S. or any other government or government agency.
Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Sale shall be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby.
Governing Law/Choice of Venue
Your order and all payments are being made to Polytek®’s headquarters in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the terms and conditions of your transaction (along with all rights, duties and obligations arising hereunder) shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflicts of law rules that would necessitate the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. You also agree that any claim or action relating in any way to your order (except actions in which Polytek® seeks equitable relief) shall be brought in the Court of Common Pleas of Northampton County, Pennsylvania, or if based solely upon federal law, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. You hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of said Courts. Furthermore, you agree that venue in said Courts shall be proper in all respects and covenants not to assert any defense or objection to the venue of said Courts.
Successors and Assigns
You may not transfer or assign any of your rights or delegate any of your obligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of Polytek®. These Terms and Conditions of Sale shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of Polytek® and its respective successors and assigns, including any corporation with which, or into which, Polytek® may be merged or which may succeed to its assets or business.
No Transfer of IP
You and Polytek® expressly agree and covenant that except as otherwise expressly provided in a separate written agreement executed by you and Polytek®, the sale of the Products shall not be construed as granting any right, license, interest or claim of any nature in any trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret, invention, intellectual property right, or confidential information of Polytek®. You agree and covenant not to copy, reverse engineer or otherwise decompile the Products for any commercial purpose.
Export Terms
You shall be solely responsible for complying with any and all laws and/or regulations governing the exportation of any Products delivered hereunder from the United States and the importation of any such Products in the country of destination, including, without limitation, the payment of any taxes and/or duties thereof.
No Waiver
The waiver by Polytek® of any term, covenant, agreement or condition herein contained shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term, covenant, agreement or condition herein contained. No covenant, term, agreement or condition of these Terms and Conditions of Sale shall be deemed to have been waived by a party unless such waiver is in writing by such party.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions of Sale contain the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understanding, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written, among you and Polytek® with respect to your purchase of the Products. These Terms and Conditions of Sale may only be amended in writing and signed by an authorized corporate officer of Polytek®.
Indemnity
You shall and hereby covenant to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Polytek® (which for this purpose shall include Polytek®’s parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, associates, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns) of, from and against any and all losses or damages, including (without limitation) any judgments, civil penalties, interest, expenses and costs including (without limitation) attorneys’ fees, claims, lawsuits, actions, proceedings or investigations (“Claims”) which are made or brought against Polytek® (or other person indemnified hereunder) by any person, government or entity arising out of, in connection with or in any way related to (a) the death of or injury to any person, or damage to any property, that resulted or is alleged to have resulted from the negligence or willful misconduct of you, your employees, subcontractors, and agents, in the performance of your obligations hereunder, or from your use of the Products sold hereunder; (b) any drawings, schematics, promotional or advertising matter, guarantees, warranties, labels, or instructions furnished by you or submitted to Polytek® by you; (c) any infringement of any patent, design, trade name, trademark, copyright, trade secret, or any other intellectual property right or entitlement of any third party due to your use of the Products; or (d) any environmental, property or toxic tort claim, lawsuit, judgment, loss, civil penalty or action.
Terms of Use
Polytek® Development Corp. and California Medical Innovations LLC and Polytek® Development Corp.’s brands, including, without limitation, Alumilite, BCC Products, Blehm Plastics, Environmental Technology, Pro Marine Supplies and Stone Coat Countertops (in each case hereinafter referred to as “Polytek®”) are represented in the following Terms and Conditions of Sale.
Site Policy
Welcome to Alumilite.com. Polytek® Development Corp. (“Polytek®”) created this web site for use by its customers and the public. Polytek® provides its services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit and use Alumilite.com, you accept these Terms of Use. Please read them carefully.  If you do not accept the Terms of Use stated here, do not use this web site.  If you are a minor (i.e. under 18 years of age) you will not access the Alumilite.com web site without the consent of your parent or guardian and without having your parents or guardian review these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy (discussed below).  By using the web site, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by these Terms of Use, if you are under eighteen (18) years of age, and that your parent or legal guardian have consented to your use of this web site and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.  Polytek® may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms of Use because they are binding upon you. The terms “You”, “Your “, and “User” as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing or permitting access to this web site for any reason.
Electronic Communications
When you visit, submit electronic forms or send e-mails to Alumilite.com, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically if you contact us electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Privacy
Polytek® has a Privacy Policy which governs the information collected by this website.  The Polytek® Privacy Policy may be read by clicking the following link Privacy Policy. Although Polytek® will use all reasonable measures to protect your personal information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Polytek® will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized use by any person. Polytek® can not assure users that information transmitted to or from Alumilite.com is secure. Information sent to Alumilite.com will NOT be considered confidential or proprietary.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as (without limitation) text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Polytek® and/or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Polytek® and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Polytek® or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. Polytek® is a registered trademark of Polytek® Development Corp. All other trademarks and servicemarks, such as product and service names, are owned by Polytek® or, if applicable, by third parties.
License and Site Access
Polytek® grants you a limited license to access and make personal and lawful use of this web site and not to download or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express prior written consent of Polytek®. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express prior written consent of Polytek®. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Polytek® and our affiliates without the express prior written consent of Polytek®. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Polytek®’s name or trademarks without the express prior written consent of Polytek®. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Polytek®.  You may not use any Polytek® logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of any link (whether inbound or outbound) without the express prior written permission of Polytek®. By using this site, you agree not to violate or attempt to violate the security of the site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for users or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail bombing or crashing; (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or news group posting.  You understand and agree that any violations of system or network security may result in civil and/or even criminal liability.  Polytek® will investigate all potential security violations and involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting any unlawful action using or in any way referring to the site.
Specifically Prohibited Uses
The web site may be used only for lawful purposes. Polytek® specifically prohibits any use of the web site, and all users agree not to use the web site, for any of the following: (a) posting any incomplete, false, or inaccurate biographical information, or information which is not your own; (b) deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity; (c) using any device, software, or routine to interfere, or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this web site, or any activity being conducted on this site; (d) taking any action, which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this web site infrastructure; (e) if you have a password allowing access to a non-public area of this web site, disclosing to or sharing your password with any third parties or using your password for any unauthorized purpose; (f) attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the web site; and (g) aggregating, copying, or duplicating in any manner any of the materials or information available from the web site.
Product Descriptions
Polytek® and its affiliates attempt to provide information which is as accurate as possible. However, Polytek® does not warrant that product descriptions or technical specifications or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event that there is any conflict between the product descriptions or technical specifications of this web site, and product descriptions or technical specifications provided in any purchase order, contract or statement of work signed by an authorized officer on behalf of Polytek®, the purchase order, contract and/or statement of work shall control. Before using, the user shall determine the suitability of the product for the intended use and user assumes all risk and liability whatsoever in connection therewith.
Pricing
With respect to items sold by Polytek® we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items on our web site may be mispriced. No price shall be binding upon Polytek® unless contained in a written agreement signed by an authorized officer on behalf of Polytek®.  Polytek®’s Terms and Conditions of Sale can be found by clicking the following link Terms & Conditions of Sale
Disclaimer of Warranty
THE CONTENT OF THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, POLYTEK® DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND ANY OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS.
Limitation of Liability
POLYTEK® WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE, ITS CONTENT OR LINKS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES even if Polytek® has been advised in advance of the possibility of such damages, and you hereby waive any and all SUCH rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Applicable Law
By visiting Alumilite.com, you agree that the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Polytek® or its affiliates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Alumilite.com or to products you purchase shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas of Northampton County, Pennsylvania, or, if based solely upon federal law, in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The foregoing notwithstanding, Polytek® may seek equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction to protect its rights.  By using this site, you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of said Courts.  Furthermore, you hereby agree that the venue of said Courts are proper in all respects and covenant not to assert any defense or objection to the venue of said Courts.
Hyperlinks
The site may contain links to other internet sites that are not maintained by or under the control of Polytek®, its sponsors or affiliates. Polytek® provides these links only as a convenience and shall not be responsible for the content of those sites.  You access all such other sites at your own risk and the appearance of a link does not imply Polytek®’s endorsement of any such other websites.  Linking to any page of the web site other than to https://www.alumilite.com through a plain text link is strictly prohibited in the absence of Polytek®’s prior written consent. Any website or other device that links to https://www.alumilite.com or any page available therein is prohibited from (a) replicating any part or content of the web site, (b) using a browser or border environment around any aspects of the web site including its content, (c) implying in any fashion that Polytek® or any of its affiliates are endorsing it or its products, (d) misrepresenting any state of facts, including its relationship with Polytek® or any of its affiliates, (e) presenting false information about Polytek®, its business or products, and (f) using any logo or mark of Polytek®.
Indemnity
You agree and covenant to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Polytek® and its owners, shareholders, officers, directors, affiliates, parent companies, employees, representatives, contractors, agents, successors and assigns of, from and against any and all claims, demands, judgments, actions, suits, damages, liability, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) arising out of or in any way related to your use of the site and any violation of these Terms of Use by you.
Discontinuance
Polytek® may modify, suspend, discontinue or restrict the use of any portion of the web site including the availability of any portion of the content at any time without notice or liability.  Furthermore, Polytek® may deny access to any person or user at any time for any reason.  No waiver of any term or provision in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further continuing waiver of these Terms of Use and Polytek® may strictly enforce these Terms of Use at any time in its sole and exclusive discretion.
Changes
This information is subject to change. Occasionally, we may change this policy. In such case, we will post any change on this page so that users of this site may be aware of such change.
© COPYRIGHT 2020 Polytek® Development Corp. All Rights Reserved.
×
OK