http://www.dvorakgame.co.uk/index.php/DvorakWiki:Privacy_policy
DvorakWiki:Privacy policy
From Dvorak - A Blank-Card Game
Jump to: navigation, search
IP tracking
When reading the Dvorak wiki, a list of pages you have accessed will be logged to your IP address, in the same way that most web sites keep server logs of all traffic. These logs are privately owned by the owner of the server and are not accessible to any other users.
If you create or edit a page on the Dvorak wiki, your IP address will be permanently attached to that edit, and this information can be accessed by any site administrator with the "checkuser" privilege. (Typically this will only be used to compare the IP addresses of suspicious editors against the addresses of known vandals or banned users.)
Data gathered through server logs or administrators' IP checks will only be released in the following situations:-
In response to a valid subpoena or other compulsory request from law enforcement.
With the permission of the affected user.
To the owner of the server, his legal counsel, or his designee, when necessary for investigation of abuse complaints.
Where the information pertains to page views generated by a spider or bot and its dissemination is necessary to illustrate or resolve technical issues.
Where the user has been vandalising articles or persistently behaving in a disruptive way, data may be released to assist in the targeting of IP blocks, or to assist in the formulation of a complaint to relevant Internet Service Providers
Where it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of the Dvorak wiki, its users or the public.
Email
Users may specify an email address in their preference settings, allowing other users to contact them. This address will not be revealed to the other users unless you reply to their email, or if it bounces.
Email addresses given to the Dvorak Wiki will never be reused or resold for other purposes.
Retrieved from "http://www.dvorakgame.co.uk/index.php?title=DvorakWiki:Privacy_policy&oldid=179"
Navigation menu
Views
Project page
Discussion
View source
History
Personal tools
Log in
Navigation
Main Page
Game Rules
Deck Archive
Recent changes
Random page
FAQ
Search
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Special pages
Printable version
Permanent link
Page information
This page was last modified on 31 January 2007, at 00:20.
This page has been accessed 23,808 times.
Privacy policy
About Dvorak - A Blank-Card Game
Disclaimers