https://www.waylandgames.co.uk/content/2-privacy-policy
> Privacy, Shipping & Returns PolicyPrivacy, Shipping & Returns PolicyPrivacy Policy1. IntroductionWayland Games Limited – which we’ll refer to as ‘Wayland Games’ in this document – is made up of a number of brands and trading names: Wayland Games Limited, Wayland Inc, Wayland Games Centre, Warcradle Studios, and Red Beam Designs.For simplicity throughout this notice, ‘we’ and ‘us’ means Wayland Games Limited and its brands.At Wayland Games, we are real people, just like you. So we're committed to safeguarding your privacy. The following policy outlines how we treat your personal information and the security measures which we have put in place. This policy also explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us.We know that there’s a lot of information here, but we want you to be fully informed about your rights regarding how Wayland Games Limited uses your data; for example, we will explain things such as how we combine data to build a picture of you.We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:Information about your computer, your visits to and your use of our websites. This also includes information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and newsletters. Plus, any other information that you choose to send to us.We do not store Credit Card/Debit Card information.We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but, if not, please do get in touch with us.It’s likely that we’ll need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. We’ll notify you of any significant changes, but you’re welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.When you are using Wayland Games websites, Wayland Games Limited is the data controller.2. CookiesWhat is a cookie? Basically, it's a piece of tracking software which allows you to use all the features of an online retail website, like adding products to your shopping basket. Meanwhile, the online retailer is able to identify and track your activity, but only on their website. Not anywhere else.We make use of both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. We use the session cookies to keep track of you while you navigate the website. Meanwhile, the persistent cookies enable our website to recognise you when you visit. So if you left something in your shopping basket last time you visited, it should still be there waiting for you when you return.Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.We use Google Analytics to collect and understand data about our website, including everything from user behaviour to our most popular pages and which product ranges generate the most revenue. Google Analytics is able to do this through the use of cookies. However, it is Google who stores this information. For more information about the data that Google stores and how we are able to access it, please read Google's privacy policy.Our advertisers and payment services providers may also send you cookies to track your online activity. But once again, this will only track your activity on their websites and our website.Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. However, this will often have a negative impact on the usability of many websites, including ours.Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will only ever publish and use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.Similarly we will not, without your express consent, share your personal information with any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.3. How we view data protectionThe law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:ConsentIn specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent. For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters. When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service.Contractual obligationsIn certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For example, if you order an item from us for home delivery, we’ll collect your address details to deliver your purchase, and pass them to our courier.Legal complianceIf the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting Wayland Games to law enforcement .Legitimate interestIn specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests. For example, we will use your purchase history to either send or make personalised offers available to you.We also combine the shopping history of many customers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new products/services.We will also use your address details to send direct marketing information to you by post, , telling you about products and services that we think might interest you.Sometimes we will share links to other websites, either on our social media or from our online store for example. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.4. When do we collect your personal data?When you visit any of our websites, and use your account to buy products and services, or redeem vouchers, from Wayland Games on the phone, in store or online.When you create an account with us.When you engage with us on social media.When you contact us by any means with queries, complaints etc.When you ask one of our staff to email you information about a product or service.When you enter prize draws or competitions.When you choose to complete any surveys we send you.When you comment on or review our products and services.Any individual may access personal data related to them, including opinions. So if your comment or review includes information about the staff member who provided that service, it may be passed on to them if requested.When you fill in any forms. For example, if an accident happens in store, a staff member may collect your personal data.When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you.We collect data from publicly-available sources when you have given your consent to share information or where the information is made public as a matter of law.When you use our offices and shops which usually have CCTV systems operated for the security of both customers and staff. These systems may record your image during your visit.5. What sort of personal data do we collect?We do not store payment card information.If you have a web account with us: your name, gender, date of birth, billing/delivery address, orders and receipts, email and telephone number. For your security, we’ll also keep an encrypted record of your login password.Details of your interactions with us through the telephone, in store or online. For example, we collect notes from our conversations with you, details of any complaints or comments you make, details of purchases you made, items viewed or added to your basket, wish list choices, voucher redemptions, brands you show interest in, web pages you visit and how and when you contact us.Details of your visits to our websites which may include recording the site you came from to ours.Information gathered by the use of cookies in your web browser. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies under our section headed ‘Cookies’.Your comments and product reviews.Your image may be recorded on CCTV when you visit our stores or offices.To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your internet connection and browser as well as the country and telephone code where your computer is located, the web pages viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms you entered.Your social media username and profile information, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.6. How and why do we use your personal data?There are many ways in which we can use your personal data to give you a better online shopping experience, from emailing you to let you know that your order has been despatched, to improving your browsing experience by personalising the website. However, any personal data you submit to us will only be used as outlined in this privacy policy.We want to give you the best possible customer experience. One way to achieve that is to get the richest picture we can of who you are by combining the data we have about you. The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, you’ll find details in the ‘What are my rights?’ section below.Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for. For example, if you’ve asked us to let you know when an item comes back into stock, we can’t do that if you’ve withdrawn your general consent to hear from us.Here’s how we’ll use your personal data and why:To process any orders that you make by using our websites or in store. If we don’t collect your personal data during checkout, we won’t be able to process your order and comply with our legal obligations. For example, your details may need to be passed to a third party to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered, and we may keep your details for a reasonable period afterwards in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees, and so on.To respond to your queries, refund requests, and complaints. Handling the information you sent enables us to respond. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience.To protect our business and your account from fraud and other illegal activities. This includes using your personal data to maintain, update and safeguard your account. We’ll also monitor your browsing activity with us to quickly identify and resolve any problems and protect the integrity of our websites. We’ll do all of this as part of our legitimate interest. For example, by checking your password when you login and using automated monitoring of IP addresses to identify possible fraudulent logins from unexpected locations.To protect our customers, premises, assets and staff, we operate CCTV systems in our warehouse, stores and other areas of our business which record images for security. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.We may need to notify all users by email of significant changes to our site which may mean that any data collected is moved or changed. For example, a server move or e-commerce platform update which would require us to migrate customers' accounts from one place to another.To process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. This also helps to protect our customers from fraud. If we discover any criminal activity or alleged criminal activity through our use of CCTV, fraud monitoring and suspicious transaction monitoring, we will process this data for the purposes of preventing or detecting unlawful acts. We aim is to protect the individuals we interact with from criminal activities.We will use your personal data, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone and in person, about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on. Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time.To send you relevant, personalised communications by post in relation to updates, offers, services and products. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest. You are free to opt out of hearing from us by post at any time.To send you communications required by law or which are necessary to inform you about our changes to the services we provide you. For example, updates to this Privacy Notice, product recall notices, and legally required information relating to your orders. These service messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. If we do not use your personal data for these purposes, we would be unable to comply with our legal obligations.To display the most interesting content to you on our websites, we’ll use data we hold about your favourite brands or products and so on. We do so on the basis of your implicit consent to receive notifications and/or for our website to place cookies or similar technology on your device. For example, we might display a list of items you’ve recently looked at, or offer you recommendations based on your purchase history and any other data you’ve shared with us.To administer any of our prize draws or competitions which you enter, based on your consent given at the time of entering.To develop, test and improve the systems, services and products we provide to you. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. For example, we’ll record your browser’s Session ID to help us understand more when you leave us online feedback about any problems you’re having.To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement. For example, when a court order is submitted to share data with law enforcement agencies or a court of law.To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email or text message. We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you. Of course, you are free to opt out of receiving these requests from us at any time by updating your preferences in your online account.To build a rich picture of who you are and what you like, and to inform our business decisions, we’ll combine data captured from across Wayland Games, third parties and data from publicly-available lists as we have described in the section 'What Sort of Personal Data do we collect?' We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest. For example, by combining this data, this will help us personalise your experience and decide which inspiration or content to share with you. We also use anonymised data from customer purchase histories to identify trends in different areas of the world. This may then guide which products we display in particular stores.7. How do we protect your personal data?We know how much data security matters to all of us. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.We take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.We store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password and firewall protected) servers. And all electronic transactions you make to or receive from us are encrypted using SSL technology.This means that we do not store any Credit Card or Debit Card information on our servers or our physical premises whatsoever.Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. So you are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will never ask you for your password. This kind of sensitive information is encrypted and made inaccessible to us.We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we carry out penetration testing to identify ways to further strengthen security.8. How long will we keep your personal data?Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.9. How and when do we share your data with Third Parties?We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties. For example, delivery couriers, for fraud management, to handle complaints, to help us personalise our offers to you and so on.We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services and they may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in our contract with them. We work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times. If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:IT companies who support our website and other business systems.Operational companies such as delivery couriers.Direct marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you.Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet. This is based on either your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our websites. See our ‘Cookies’ section earlier for details.Data insight companies to ensure your details are up to date and accurate.With your consent, given at the time you supply your personal data, we may pass that data to a third party for their direct marketing purposes. For example, if we run a joint promotion with a manufacturer and you agree to receive direct communications from them.For fraud management, we may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity in our premises or systems. This may include sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies.We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body, in your country of origin or elsewhere, upon a valid request to do so. These requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and take the privacy of our customers into consideration.We may, from time to time, expand, reduce or sell Wayland Games and this may involve the transfer of divisions or the whole business to new owners. If this happens, your personal data will, where relevant, be transferred to the new owner or controlling party, under the terms of this Privacy Notice.For further information please contact our Data Protection Officer.10. Where may we process your personal data?Sometimes we will need to share your personal data with third parties and suppliers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), such as Australia or the USA.International ordersIf you are based outside the UK and place an order with us, the personal data that we collect from you is controlled by Wayland Games in the UK.The EEA includes all EU Member countries as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. We may transfer personal data that we collect from you to third-party data processors in countries that are outside the EEA.For example, this might be required in order to fulfil your order, process your payment details or provide support services or replacement parts.Any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws and we will treat the information under the guiding principles of this Privacy Notice.11. What are your rights over your personal data?You have the right to request:Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete. For example, when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has come to an end.That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.Review by a staff member of any decision made based solely on automatic processing of your data (i.e. where no human has yet reviewed the outcome and criteria for the decision).You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that Wayland Games holds at any time, and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact Data Protection Officer, Wayland Games Limited, Units 17-19, Eldon Way, Hockley, Essex, UK, SS5 4AD or email support@waylandgames.co.uk. To ask for your information to be amended, please update your online account, or contact our Customer Services team.If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.Your right to withdraw consentWhenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.Where we rely on our legitimate interestIn cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.Direct marketingYou have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.Checking your identityTo protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice. If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.12. How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails from that particular division.Write to Data Protection Officer, Wayland Games Limited, Units 17-19, Eldon Way, Hockley, Essex, UK, SS5 4AD or email support@waylandgames.co.uk.Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.13. What if I live outside the UK?For all non-UK customers, by using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.Sometimes we’ll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to supply the goods or services you’ve requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK.By dealing with us, you are giving your consent to this overseas use, transfer and disclosure of your personal data outside your country of residence for our ordinary business purposes.This may occur because our information technology storage facilities and servers are located outside your country of residence, and could include storage of your personal data on servers in the UK.We’ll ensure that reasonable steps are taken to prevent third parties outside your country of residence using your personal data in any way that’s not set out in this Privacy Notice. We’ll also make sure we adequately protect the confidentiality and privacy of your personal data.14. Any questions?We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it. We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. So please check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes that we have made.In the event of drastic changes to our privacy policy, we may choose to notify you by email.If you have any questions that haven’t been covered, please contact our Data Protection Officer who will be pleased to help you.You can write to us at: Data Protection Officer, Wayland Games Limited, Units 17-19, Eldon Way, Hockley, Essex, UK, SS5 4AD or email support@waylandgames.co.uk.15. Transferring information overseasWe may transfer your information to organisations in other countries (including to other Wayland group companies) on the basis that anyone to whom we pass it protects it in the same way we would and in accordance with applicable laws.In the event that we transfer information to countries outside of the European Economic Area (which includes countries in the European Union as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), we will only do so where:a) the European Commission has decided that the country or the organisation we are sharing your information with will protect your information adequately;
b) the transfer has been authorised by the relevant data protection authority; and/or
c) we have entered into a contract with the organisation with which we are sharing your information to ensure your information is adequately protected.Shipping PolicyHow do I get a shipping quote?The best way to find out how much it costs to deliver to your location is to add a few products to your shopping basket and proceed to the checkout. From here you can enter your address and click the drop-down box to see what shipping options are available to you. Each shipping option has a price and an approximate delivery time.Some items are cheap to ship, while others are surprisingly expensive. Usually, this is due to the size and weight of your chosen products.But if you are placing a large order, we recommend selecting the Courier options, as they offer great value (up to 30Kg in weight) and your delivery should arrive promptly while being trackable.We will only charge what it costs us to ship an item. We will not make any profit on shipping costs. Although shipping costs are subject to change due to the postal services that we use.Please note that the items in the catalogue have a weight multiplier (20%) applied to ensure that an order will not be overweight for the shipping method chosen. However, if the final package weight is less than what is calculated at the checkout, we will refund you the difference.A large number of shipping options are available and will be visible at checkout. The majority of orders over £150 will be delivered by Courier for a fixed fee, which we do recommend.Europe:Although Royal Mail sees Europe as one big lump regarding costs, couriers don't. So at the moment, we have Airmail and Surface Mail available with various courier options being added daily to the webstore. If our system doesn't show you a courier quote for your address, please Contact Us and we will get you a quote.Please note that any item over 2Kg not sent by courier will be split into 2 or more packages.Australia and New Zealand:Any orders over £200 will begin to take advantage of subsidised courier shipping. The subsidy grows the more you spend. Australia and New Zealand are very expensive to ship parcels to, but we will do our best to offer the best deal possible.Airmail and Surface Mail options are available. However, be warned that 12 weeks is the quoted time for a parcel to reach you by the Surface option. Both include insurance. These services have a 2Kg weight limit. Again as per Europe, we are able to split the order into multiple parcels. Therefore if Surface/Airmail is chosen, please be aware that any single item over 2Kg may have been opened and spread between the packages.Rest Of The World:For the rest of the world both Surface and Airmail, options are available, with couriers being added all the time. If you know of any alternative shipping carriers that can give us great rates then please let us know!Bank HolidaysOrders placed on or during Bank Holidays will be shipped the following working day. This includes all shipping methods. You can still place orders during this time, however, please be aware that you may receive your order later than expected during this time. AirmailIf an order is sent Via Airmail, it may be separated into multiple shipments as there is a 2kg weight limit, as well as size limits on our Airmail service. Please don't be alarmed if you receive a small package that only contains part of your order. You will be receiving the rest of your order in another package or multiple packages. Airmail generally does not allow for parcels to be tracked unless you have specifically paid for a tracked service.AerosolsAerosols cannot be sent by Air or surface shipping postage and can only be shipped by surface courier service where applicable when ordered. This is because of the air trapped within a pressurised container which has a tendency to explode due to the decreased air pressure at high altitudes.Shipping TimesAll in-stock orders placed before 3pm are dispatched on the same working day (Mon-Fri). In stock orders placed after 3pm will be dispatched on the following working day. In stock orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will be dispatched on the Monday. Please note, if your order includes "Available to Order" or "Pre-Order" items that it will not ship until they arrive and/or are released.When you place an order, the estimated dispatch time varies according to the stock status. "In Stock" items will be dispatched on the same working day if placed before 3pm. "Available" items can take between 3 and 9 working days to arrive from the supplier and ship out. This is an average and some special items may take longer. We aim to get the orders packaged and out of the door as soon as possible. But at busy times and after public holidays, there can be a small backlog. Also, bear in mind the delivery method selected does not impact the processing-packing-dispatch process. It is simply how quickly your order will be delivered from our warehouse.ExclusionsRegretfully we are unable to ship to addresses in Brazil, Russia, South Africa, Zimbabwe and Swaziland. Orders made to these locations will be cancelled and refunded. Returns PolicyIf you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase from Wayland Games, you can return your items for a full refund within 60 days of the original delivery date.Returns must be unopened, in the state you received them, and in the original packaging.Please note that you will be responsible for the return shipping amount and that we cannot accept returned merchandise without a Return Material Authorisation (RMA).If the product is defective or the return is a result of our error, please notify us within 14 days of receipt of the item and we will pay the return shipping costs to a maximum of £8.50.Instructions for returns will be supplied in response to an email. So please Contact Us and wait for a reply before you return anything.It may take 4-5 business days for your return to reach Wayland Games. Although it could take up to 20 or more if you are shipping from overseas. But once it is received and inspected (usually within 72 hours of receipt) your refund will be processed and automatically applied to your credit card or original method of payment within 7 days.Please note that depending on your credit card company, it may take an additional 2-10 business days after your credit is applied for it to post to your account.For questions regarding our returns policy please Contact Us.
Trustpilot Copyright © 2020 Wayland Games
Compare (0)