http://www.ramath-lehi.com/privacy/
Play
Recent Posts
About
Rules and Regulations
Anti-Harassment Policy
For Parents
Universal RPG Rating
Staff Handbook
Wiki
Species
Magic
Fauna
Flora
Conditions
World Map
Natural Resources
Technology
Daily Life
Calendar
Laws
Government
Customs
Creeds
Entertainment
Groups
Genealogy
Media
Search Media
New Media
Players
Notable Members
Current Visitors
Recent Activity
Chat11
FAQ
Account
Magic
Roleplay
Setting
Characters
Registry
Manage Characters
Create a Character
Buzz Board
Glim Shop
Codex
Your username or email:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Log in with Twitter
Shadowlack, a Science Fantasy Play-by-Post RPG
Help
Privacy Policy
Help
FAQ
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Shadowlack is a free, non-commercial, web site committed to providing an entertaining atmosphere recommended for persons aged thirteen and above.
The Information We Collect
Username
Email Address
Birth Date
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Geographical location
Browser type and version
Operating system
Referral source
Length of visit, page views, website navigation and any other related browsing activity
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. See our Cookie Usage page for more detailed cookie usage information on RPGfix.
Log files track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Web beacons, “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Information Usage
Shadowlack uses the information we collect for the following reasons:
To honour our contractual commitments to you
To log you into Shadowlack
Providing a safe and enjoyable user experience
Know the screen names (giving out of your “full real name” is discouraged) of our members to create a friendly atmosphere.
Confirmation of email address for account validity, security alerts, and relevant user-specified communications
Customer service
Improving and optimizing Shadowlack's design, user experience, and placement of features
Legal compliance
Data Processing
We are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Minors
Shadowlack is intended for users age 13 and over. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. We are compliant with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Canadian Marketing Agency. If we learn that we are engaged in that processing with such users, we will halt such processing and will take reasonable measures to promptly remove applicable information from our records.
Links to Other Sites
Shadowlack is not responsible for the content of external internet sites and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.
Your Data Rights and Choices
When using the Shadowlack site, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through the settings located in the Privacy section of your account.
Shadowlack will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so.
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Data Retention and Your Right to be Forgotten
We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes identified herein, or until you ask us to delete this information. To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
Security
While we do our best and take reasonable steps to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to RPGfix and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information.
Contact
If you have any site questions, please feel free to contact us.
The Graders, Shadowlack Administration
Please read our Terms and Conditions for more information regarding the use of this Site.
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Discord
Your username or email:
Do you have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
XenForo add-ons by Waindigo™ ©2015 Waindigo Ltd.
It looks as though you haven't created an account...Why not join today?!