http://www.morongocasinoresort.com/terms
Reserve a room!
Check In:
Check Out:
Best Rate Guarantee
Terms of Use Review Our Privacy Policy Morongo Casino Resort & Spa (“Morongo,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) maintains this website to provide information to the public about our services and amenities. Morongo respects the privacy of all visitors to this site. We have created these Terms of Use to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of the privacy of customers or visitors (“you” or “your”) of and to our Website (the “Site”). These Terms of Use set forth what information we may collect and how it may be used. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the Site. By using this Site, you signify your assent to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, please do not use this Site. 1. Types of Information Collected In order to provide the best service to our guests, we may collect certain non-identifying information from visitors to this Site, including their: (i) IP address, (ii) domain server, (iii) type of computer, (iv) pages viewed, (v) date and time of visits to the website, (vi) domain name of the website – if any – from which you linked to our website, and (vii) type of Web browser (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. If you do not want your information to be collected by cookies, you should be able to set your web browser to reject cookies. Note, however, that if you choose to reject cookies you may not be able to take advantage of certain options on this website. 2. Collection of Personal Information For you to access certain services that we offer via the Site, we may require that you submit certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”) and/or financial information, particularly if you are making reservations or purchases, participating in contests and promotions, applying for credit online, or requesting Win/Loss statements or other information from us over the Internet. Personal Information may include, but is not limited to: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing, and e-mail addresses, Morongo Winners Club account number), (ii) Financial Data, and (iii) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age, and income). You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however, you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. 3. Sharing Information We will not share your Personal Information with any non-affiliated third parties, except when such disclosure may be necessary: (i) to comply with a court order or other legal process or legal requirement of any governmental authority, including but not limited to authorities that regulate gaming activities; (ii) to protect and defend the rights or property of Morongo Casino Resort & Spa or the Morongo Band of Mission Indians; or (iii) in exceptional circumstances, such as a national emergency, where, in the reasonable judgment of Morongo, doing so will serve the public interest. 4. Updates and Changes to Terms of Use We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify these Terms of Use, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. 5. No Liability For Disclosure of Personal Information. The Site allows the transmission of Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels, provided that you use a similarly equipped web browser. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, Morongo cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. Nor can Morongo guarantee the security of information provided to third-party websites that are linked to from Morongo’s Site. Therefore, should you choose to provide Personal Information, you do so at your own risk and with the understanding that Morongo disclaims any liability for the disclosure of any information submitted to Morongo through the Site. 6. Contacting Our Website If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us at: Morongo Casino Resort & Spa Attn: Webmaster 49500 Seminole Dr. Cabazon, CA 92230
Select Language: EngEspCh
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Yelp
TripAdvisor
Pinterest
Snapchat
Play Safe
Christmas to-go
Hotel
Rooms & Suites
Rooms & Suites
Casitas
Book a Room
Oasis Pool
Resort Experience
Spa
Dining
Potrero Canyon Buffet
Cielo
Sideline Bar & Grill
Good Times Cafe
Mozen
Pink Coffee
Fiesta Taco at Morongo
Sunset Bar & Grill
Food Court
Entertainment
Events & Concerts
The Drum Room
MEBar
Crystal Hearts
Splash Bar
Meetings
Catering
Services & Amenities
Request for Proposal
Sales Brochure
Overnight Tour Groups
Attractions
Golf
Charity Golf Tournament
Tournament Sign Up Form
Tukwet Canyon
Shopping
Bowling
GoPlay
Gaming
Morongo Rewards
Club Benefits
Gaming Promotions
Slots
Table Games
High Limit Gaming
High Limit Tables
Bingo
Poker
Casino Hosts
Casino Credit
Win/Loss Statement
Gallery
Calendar
Casino Morongo
Morongo Rewards
Bowling
Slots
Table Games
Pit Stop Diner
Promotions
Bingo