http://www.jigidi.com/terms_of_service.php
Solve, create, share and talk about jigsaw puzzles
PuzzlesMost Recent The Jigidi front pageJigsaw Puzzle Categories Browse Jigsaw Puzzles by CategoriesBy User Find a specific userSearch Search puzzles by keywordsHelpBasics All you need to knowGuidelines Please read and respect thesePuzzle Player Quick guide to the puzzle playerFAQ Frequently Asked QuestionsSupport Need help?AboutAbout When, why and whoJigidi Plus The optimal Jigidi experienceAds Ads on JigidiContact Let us knowBlogSign inJoin
Menu
JIGIDI
Sign In
Terms of Service
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Jigidi.com website, the Jigidi iPad app
and all content, services and products available at or through the website and iPad app
(the "Service"). The Service is owned and operated by Looper P/S (the "Owners").
The Service is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all
of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules,
policies (including, without limitation, Jigidi's Privacy Policy, found at www.jigidi.com/privacy_policy.php)
and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Service (collectively, the "Agreement").
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Service. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Service or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by the Owners, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Service is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old or accompanied by an adult.
1. Your Jigidi.com profile.
If you create a profile on the Service, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your profile, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the profile. You must not name your profile in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and the Owners may change or remove any profile that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Looper liability. You must immediately notify the Owners of any unauthorized uses of your profile or any other breaches of security. The Owners will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
The services and features offered to members of any paid membership program can be changed or removed at the Owners discretion.
2. Responsibility of Contributors.
If you operate a profile, comment on content, post material to the Service, or otherwise make material available by means of the Service (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text or graphics. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic (for further definition see guidelines, found at www.jigidi.com/guidelines.php), libelous or defamatory, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
the Content is compliant with the guidelines, found at www.jigidi.com/guidelines.php.
By submitting Content to the Service, you grant the Owners a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by this website and these terms and conditions.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, the Owners has the right (though not the obligation) to, at the Owners' sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in the Owners' reasonable opinion, violates any Jigidi policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Service to any individual or entity for any reason, at the Owners' sole discretion. The Owners will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
3. Responsibility of Visitors/Users.
The Owners has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Service, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Service, the Owners does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Service may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Service may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. The Owners disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Service, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
The Owners may suspend or revoke your account, or restrict access the Service, or single features thereof, if you violate, or assist others in violating the following: You agree that you will not, in whole or in part or under any circumstances, use any unauthorized third party programs, including mods, hacks, cheats, scripts, bots, trainers and automation programs that interact with the Services in any way, for any purpose, including any unauthorized third party programs that intercept, emulate, or redirect any communication relating to the Services and any unauthorized third-party applications that collect info about the Services. You will not sell, copy, exchange, loan, reverse engineer, decompile, derive source code from, translate, publish, or otherwise distribute the Service or any part thereof, except in the manner contemplated by the Service (for instance by embedding a jigsaw puzzle on your website).
4. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As the Owners asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects
the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on
or linked to by Jigidi.com violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify the
Owners in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.
The Owners will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate
by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material.
In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or
other intellectual property rights of the Owners or others, the Owners may, in its
discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Service. In the case of such
termination, the Owners will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts
previously paid to the Owners.
5. Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from the Owners to you any the Owners or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with the Owners. The Owners, Jigidi, Jigidi.com, the Jigidi.com logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Service are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Owners or the Owners' licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Service grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any the Owners or third-party trademarks.
6. Changes.
The Owners reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Service following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. The Owners may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Service (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
7. Termination.
The Owners may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Jigidi.com profile (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid membership program profile, such profile can only be terminated by the Owners if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from the Owners' notice to you thereof; provided that, the Owners can terminate the Service immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Service is provided "as is". The Owners and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither the Owners nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Service will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Service at your own discretion and risk.
9. Limitation of Liability.
In no event will the Owners, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iii) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to the Owners under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. The Owners shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
10. General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Service will be in strict accordance with Jigidi's Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Service will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
11. Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Owners, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Service, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
12. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Owners and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of the Owners, or by the posting by the Owners of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Service will be governed by the laws of Denmark. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. The Owners may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
This Agreement was last modified on 8. June 2020
Puzzles
Most Recent
Jigsaw Puzzle Categories
By User
Search
Jigidi
About
Plus
Contact
Blog
We Support
Help
Basics
Guidelines
FAQ
Support
Me
Join Jigidi
Sign In
© 2012-2020
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Consent Settings
Do Not Sell My Data