https://www.chaoscreated.com/privacy-policy/
0845 299 0714
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Chaos Created and Code Created Privacy Policy
Our websites
At Chaos Created Limited we comply with all current legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy.
This policy explains:
What information we will collect from you
How we will use information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else;
Your rights regarding the information you provide to us;
The use of cookies on our websites and how you can reject these cookies;
How you can contact us if you have questions about this privacy policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the Act), Chaos Created Limited is the data controller in relation to any personal data, collected by, or submitted, including all personal data collected on, or submitted to, our websites, https://www.chaoscreated.com and http://www.codecreated.com (our sites).
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you
A. Code Created Workshops
If you choose to book a workshop, the details that you submit to us will be stored in our bookings database (hosted within the EU with Microsoft). We will use your details to keep you informed of the details regarding your workshop, and to advise you of future Code Created workshops and opportunities.
We will not share your details with any third party.
We will keep your details for this purpose for 5 years or until you specifically request removal from our list. You can request the removal of your details via email, to ali@chaoscreated.com.
B. Our news feed
Should you choose to add a comment to any news posts that we have published on our websites, you can do so using your Facebook account. Facebook powers our commenting system, and allows you to edit or remove your comment. Your comment, and your personal details (name, Facebook account, email address) are not stored on our site’s database.
Your comment and its associated personal data will remain on the site until either 1) you/we remove the comment or 2) we remove the news post. Should you wish to have the comment deleted, you can do this yourself by logging into your Facebook account, or you can email us at ali@chaoscreated.com.
If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our news posts.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We collect details of your visits to our sites (including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, and other communication data) and the pages and files that you access. We do not share details with third parties. This is used solely for the purpose of analysing our web traffic and we have no way of associating this traffic with individuals.
C. Newsletters
If you sign up for our newsletter, you will be contacted with news and offers about Chaos Created and Code Created services. Each newsletter has instructions for unsubscribing or you can contact us at ali@chaoscreated.com to request removal.
How we will use your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information entered on booking forms and contact forms will be added to our database of contacts and may be used to send you updates of your booking (and, if applicable, to inform you of other services we offer).
To ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Disclosure of your information
We will keep your information confidential, except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies or law enforcement agencies).
Generally, we will only use your information within Chaos Created and Code Created. However, sometimes we will use third parties to process your information. We have contractual provisions in place, which require that these third parties comply strictly with our instructions and that they do not use your information for their own business purposes. We use Microsoft and Office 365 to host our email, calendar, contact lists and bookings data. We also use Google Analytics for analysing our web traffic, and MailChimp to power our newsletters.
Your rights
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Our sites contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Cookies
Our sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our sites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our sites and also allows us to improve our sites.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies, which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings. About Cookies also hosts comprehensive instructions. Most websites do work without cookies, but you will lose some features and functionality if you choose to disable cookies.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to ali@chaoscreated.co.uk.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Apps and Games
Click here to read how we protect your data within the apps and games we produce.
Latest News
Chaos Created develops new website and online store for Coast @ Home
Chaos Created develops new website and branding for Channel Compliance
Chaos Created develops iSunn Tanning Salon branding and website to fulfil their vision
Chaos Created launches new Booking and Ticketing System for BEYTSA
Chaos Created Launches New Branding and Website for Cakes by Debbie
Search
Search for: