http://www.vikingmud.org/privacy.shtml
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Viking MUD processes personal data.
All personal data are collected, stored, processed, transferred and
disposed of in accordance with the Norwegian Personal Data Act
(Personopplysningsloven) and the European Union's General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Privacy Policy last revised on 18 August 2018, and this version replaces
all previous revisions of the document.
We have also published
a simplified version of this
document, covering the essentials.
Who we are and how to contact us:
Viking MUD is an unregistered, informal, volunteer, non-profit
organization, consisting of current and former players of the
game.
Viking MUD is an Internet-based text-mode multi-user
role-playing game.
Viking MUD operates in Norway and under
Norwegian jurisdiction. Our contact information can be found on
our contact page. MUD players can
also contact us in-game via mudmail to "admin", or by chatting
directly with an Administrator.
Personal data we collect from you:
Player character registration data:
When you register a Viking MUD player character, you need to enter:
A name for your player character, which does
not need to have any relation to your real name or other
identities you use anywhere.
A password of your choosing, which we recommend
is unique for this player character and not used for any
other service, here or elsewhere.
An e-mail address, which according to your
preference can be either a) public, b) secret, c) none.
Your character's gender identity, which does
not need to have any relation to your personal gender
identity.
Volunteered information associated with your player character:
At a later stage, you may also volunteer additional
information about yourself, either to the administration or to
be publicly available. For instance, you have the option to
request an in-MUD marriage with another player, or a divorce
at any time, or volunteer other information.
System account user data:
Some persons may be granted system access, and thereby have a
system user account.
In association with such an account, we
may, but do not necessarily store the following system account
data:
User name
User password
Person name (optional)
Other contact information (optional)
Connected IP address and other connection data
E-mail account data and metadata, including any messages stored therein
Files, code, and content stored in the account's home directory, or other directories/locations it has access to
Automatically collected data:
This is data that you do not submit to us directly, but that
are automatically gathered by our systems when you use our
services or contact us.
This data has two sub-categories,
in-MUD and other data.
In-MUD collected data:
This category specifically uses in-MUD terminology. Not
all data is structured, and are therefore not necessarily
possible to directly link to a specific player character.
Access, activity, and event logs
Command history
Bulletin board metadata
Chat metadata
Connected IP address and connection status
Mail metadata
Message metadata
Area information and metadata
Item/equipment/object information and metadata
Club/guild membership information and metadata
Player-generated character information and metadata
Other collected data:
Web server access logs
E-Mail server logs
Other automatically generated system logs and system data
Logs may include:
Timestamps
IP addresses
E-Mail addresses
E-Mail headers
Names, user names, character names, and aliases
HTTP request headers
Other data
Our webpages may also make use of cookies, which may be used
to identify individual persons. Cookies are used to ensure the
proper operation of web areas that require a login session,
and for related user preferences.
How we use your data:
In general, any data we collect may be used
to maintain, protect, and improve our services, and to detect,
investigate, prevent, or otherwise address rules violations,
disputes, fraud or other criminal activities, security issues,
or technical issues.
As Viking MUD is one of the first, and
therefore oldest, MUDs, your data is also used for archival
and historical purposes.
All connections to the Viking MUD game are
using the telnet protocol, which is unencrypted, all
information you send and receive is transmitted in
cleartext.
Backups are automatically and regularly
processed, both locally and by a remote backup service hosted
by our colocation provider Domeneshop AS, which is subject to
their Data
Processing Agreement.
Specific categories mentioned above:
Player character registration data:
Your player character name is considered public
information, and when you are logged in, this name may be
visible to all other logged-in players, and to the special
"guest" user, as well as being publicly available via the
login prompt by using the special login name "users".
Your password is cryptographically hashed, and
the digest is only available to privileged users.
Your e-mail address is, depending on your
choice, either publicly visible, "secret", or "none". Your
"secret" e-mail address is visible only to privileged
users, and may be used for contacting you if there is an
issue with your player character, or we need to contact
you regarding game issues.
Your character's gender identity is used for
customizing in-game content.
Volunteered information associated with your player character:
Any personal data that you or others volunteer, submit,
upload, send, store, or process using our services are not
covered by this Privacy Policy. This includes personal
data that you add in free-text forms such as the "plan",
post to bulletin boards, send via MUD-mail, "tell" others
(in-game direct messages), mention on chat boards, store
in files, in code, or otherwise submit outside the scope
of the personal data that we require for using the service
(Player character registration data).
Information that is given in confidence to the
administration, will be treated as information that you do not
wish to share with everyone.
Files, code, and content that player characters
with such access (Contributors) store in their personal
"home" directory is available for modification or deletion
in-MUD, and via MUD-FTP.
Regarding the examples, your in-MUD marriage status -
whether you are married and to whom - is considered public
information, and may be used for customizing in-game
content.
Information that you e.g. publish publicly in
your "plan", is outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
System account user data:
The user name is used to uniquely identify the
account. If identical to a player character name,
it is assumed to be linked to the player character. It is
available to anyone with access to the system.
The user password is cryptographically hashed,
and the digest is only available to privileged system
users.
The optional person name is used to identify
which person an account belongs to, if not linked to
a player character name. The person name
can also be a pseudonym. It is available to anyone with
access to the system.
The optional contact information is available
to anyone with access to the system, and used to provide
an alternate means of getting in touch with the person
responsible for the account.
Connected IP address and other connection data
is used for the proper operation of the system, and to
identify where a connection comes from. The information is
available to other logged-in users.
The e-mail account is provided for an
Internet-reachable e-mail access to certain MUD users, and
the content is only available to the account itself, and
to any privileged system users, and to users/groups of
users to whom the account holder has granted
access. Privileged system users will not access such
e-mail accounts, except when granted by the account
holder, or as required for investigation into violations
of our Service Agreement where
e-mail accounts are relevant.
Files, code, and content that the user stores
in their personal "home" directory is available under the
same terms as the e-mail account.
Files, code, and content that the user stores
in other directories/locations than their personal "home"
directory, is available under the terms of use and
permissions of that specific location/directory. Such
terms of use and permissions are granted in-system and
dynamically, and may be volatile.
Automatically collected data:
In-MUD collected data is used to automatically or
manually customize in-game content, maintain, protect, and
improve our services, and to detect, investigate, prevent,
or otherwise address rules violations, disputes, fraud or
other criminal activities, security issues, or technical
issues.
In-MUD collected data related to areas,
equipment, items, clubs, guilds, and other in-game objects
and functions, as well as connection data, may be
available to the contributors of the underlying code, and
can be used for the purposes described above.
Web server access logs and e-mail server
logs are available to privileged system users, and
may be used for system maintenance, debugging,
improvement, and investigation into terms and AUP
violations
Other automatically collected data is available
to unprivileged or privileged users, depending on the
data, and may be used for system maintenance, debugging,
improvement, and investigation into terms and AUP
violations.
How you can access, update, delete, or restore your personal data:
In order to authenticate your request, MUD players need to
login to the MUD to prove ownership of the player character.
People with other kinds of accesses, who have provided a valid
and verified email address, may also get in touch via email,
see our contact page.
MUD players can, at any time, login and modify their data,
except their character name.
MUD players may request a character name change from a
representative of the administration.
Character name changes
may be either public - keeping information about your previous
character name - or discreet - discarding information about
your previous character name.
MUD players may also erase their character data.
Regular
player characters do so by "entering the pit".
The character
data is then moved to a specific "deleted character file", in
case you change your mind.
If you want to have this erased as
well, please contact a representative of the administration
before "entering the pit".
Contributors or players with other special privileges cannot
"enter the pit", and will need to login and contact a
representative of the administration.
In exceptional circumstances overriding the archival and
historical purposes of the MUD, a representative of the
administration may take additional steps to ensure that as
much as practically possible of personal data is erased.
Retroactive erasure from backups is not practically possible.
System account users may update their password via SSH login
to the server.
They may delete E-mail messages and personal
files, code and content via SSH.
Account information changes,
as well as account deletion, must be handled by a privileged
system user on authorized request.
How we share your personal data:
Your player character name, its selected gender, marriage
status, and, if selected as public, your email address, may be
publicly listed to other logged-in player characters.
Additionally, your connection status, your connecting IP
address and/or the IP address' registered geolocation, may be
made publicly listed while you are logged in, and while you
are logged out, the last known information publicly listed to
logged-in characters.
Any logged-in player, including the
special guest user, may look up public information about any
other logged-in player.
If you have a system user account, your account information
(except the password digest), including the IP address you
connect from, is available to anyone else logged in with a
system user account.
We may also share personal data with third parties who have a
legitimate interest for this, to investigate technical
problems, potential copyright or trademark infringement, or
fraud and other criminal activities. In addition, we may share
personal data with Norwegian police or other public
authorities if presented with a court order, seizure warrant
or other equivalent request for disclosure of information.
Transfer of personal data outside EU/EEA:
There is no systematic transfer of personal data to parties
outside the EU/EEA.
Automatic processing and decision-making based on personal data:
Viking MUD may use any and all supplied data for automatic and
dynamic processing, content, and decision-making.
Data may be
subject to automated checks for syntax and correctness, and be
flagged for manual inspection.
Dataportability:
On request, a representative of the administration may provide you
with your personal data in a standardized format, e.g. CSV.
How long we keep your personal data:
Personal data directly stored with the character object is kept
for as long as the player character is registered, and for deleted
characters as long as the "deleted character file" exists, which
is until the player requests its destruction.
The same goes for
system user accounts.
Character creation and name change logs,
are stored indefinitely.
System logs, e.g. for e-mail and web,
are stored for up to a year.
Local backups are stored for up to
25 years, or briefer, depending on capacity.
Remote backups are
subject to Domeneshop AS' backup retention policy.
Why we store some data for a long time:
Viking MUD is one of first multi-player networked roleplaying
games to exist, and has a rich history.
Most of the information
we store, is archival and historical, and not actively used.
Very
little data is directly usable for identifying real persons,
living or dead.
Your right to complain:
If you are a natural person residing in the European Union or
European Economic Area and you believe that our use and processing
of your personal data are not in compliance with the General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) or any other applicable legislation,
you have the right to complain to the Supervisory Authority in
either Norway (Datatilsynet) or in your country of domicile.
Last update: 2018-08-18 15:39 UTC
Updated by: <webmaster <-> vikingmud.org>