http://www.goldentouchcraps.com/privacy.shtml
Get the Wining Formula Join Dominator's Insiders Club
TOLL FREE HOTLINE: 866-SET-DICE
Go
Toggle navigation
Home
Seminars
Seminar Schedule
Atlantic City
Las Vegas
Memphis
Precision Shooting
Video Poker Seminars
Blackjack Speed Count Seminars
Instructors
Instructor Certification
Private Lessons
Student Comments
About Dice Control
Books
Videos
History Channel
Shop for DVDs
The Five Count
FREE Videos by Dominator
Dice Control Training Video
Become The Casinos Worst Nightmare
Store
Craps Tables
Practice Rigs
Gambler's Outpost
Craps
Blackjack
Books, DVDs, CDs
e-Books
The Gripper
Regulation Dice
Casino chips
Training software
Craps Club
Sign Up
Log In
Forum Home
Sports Picks
Articles
Craps Tables
Dice Control
Craps
Learn How to Beat Casinos
Proof of the 5 -Count
Dominator's Domain
Craps Strategies
The skinny from Skinny
The Goddess Speaks
What is Dice Control?
Geek Corner with Dan
Burton on Poker
Tamburin on Blackjack
Vegas Show Reviews
Gambling Quotes
Guest Columns
World Records
Services
Private Lessons
FREE newsletter
Sports pick service
GTC Forum
About
Contact us
About Dominator
Privacy Policy
Golden Touch on Facebook
Golden Touch on YouTube
Sign Up for Dominator's FREE Newsletter
SEARCH
PRIVACY POLICY AND METHOD OF TRANSACTION SECURITY
Golden Touch™ Craps International LLC (GTCI) collects, uses, and shares certain information about you. This policy explains what we collect, with whom we share it, and how you can interact with GTCI in order to ensure the accuracy of the data we collect, use, and share. The information GTCI collects from you helps GTCI better serve the online community by continually personalizing the electronic payment services GTCI provides. GTCI collects and maintains the following data:
Information that you provide to us: GTCI receives and stores all information that you enter on our website and our billing pages. This includes: a) credit card sign-up page: the url you are purchasing goods or services from, your e-mail address, your language preference, your credit card number, your expiration date, your first name, your last name, your address, your city, your state, your zip, your country, and your agreement to be bound by GTCI's terms and conditions; b) check sign-up page: the url you are purchasing goods or services from, your bank's aba routing number, your checking account number, your check number, your e-mail address, your first name, your last name, your date of birth, your phone number, your street address, your city, your state, your zip code, the name of the person on the account, your agreement to be bound by GTCI's terms and conditions; and c) telephone invoice billing: your telephone number. You are obligated to provide GTCI with accurate and up-to-date information, and failure to provide GTCI with such information could void any agreement between you and GTCI. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as processing your purchase request, responding to customer service inquiries, loss prevention, improving our service, and communicating with you.
Information that we automatically receive: GTCI receives and stores certain information whenever you download web pages, or send us e-mail or forms. For example, GTCI employs "cookie" technology. We do this so that we can recognize you when you re-visit our URL. Additionally, we identify the numerical IP address assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider.
E-mail Correspondence: GTCI often requests a confirmation when you receive and open an e-mail communication delivered by GTCI. We archive all e-mail sent in and out of our network, and we identify the origination IP address of all mail sent into our network. We require that you refrain from "forging headers" or sending "SPAM".
Information from third parties: From time to time, GTCI requests and receives information from third parties and compares it to the information that you have provided. The main purpose for this is loss prevention.
Protection of GTCI and third parties: GTCI will release data when we believe the release is appropriate to comply with the law and enforce our agreement. If you consent (Opt-In): Other than detailed above, GTCI will contact you and request your permission prior to sharing your data with third parties. GTCI utilizes Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software when receiving and transmitting electronic payments. GTCI encrypts the information you provide. GTCI reveals only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when processing your transaction internally, and we reveal the entire number when communicating on a private dedicated line of communication with our acquiring bank. Additionally, GTCI employs the following security measures:
GTCI conducts background and credit checks on all of its employees prior to employment.
GTCI employs a username/password scheme in order to limit and archive access to its computer network by its employees, and third parties.
GTCI's facility utilizes automatic locking doors that require a special security card for entry, and different levels of access exist throughout the GTCI campus. GTCI videotapes key areas of its facility.
GTCI allows you to access to certain information about you for the limited purpose of viewing, updating, and in some instances deleting from our system any information deemed inaccurate. Any requests to access your information may be directed to:
GTCI does not request, or knowingly collect identifiable information from children under the age of 13. GTCI does not knowingly use or share personal information from users under the age of 13 with third parties. GTCI does not give children the ability to post messages or otherwise distribute information about themselves. GTCI does not offer children any promotions involving games, prizes, or any other activity that would induce a child to divulge personal information. Any issue respecting your children's privacy may be directed to:
Spam Policy
Spam is flooding the Internet with many copies of the same message in an attempt to force the message on people who would not otherwise choose to receive it. E-mail spam targets individual users with direct mail messages and costs the sender very little to send. Most of the costs are paid for by the recipient or the carriers rather than by the sender.
GTCI doesn't condone the use of spam and the sending of unsolicited e-mail in any form, nor do we control other Web sites involvement and/or practices in this area.
Insider's Club
Get 2 Free Books and all the latest updates and events from GTC, including information on current dice control seminars and special sales..
Newsletter
The easiest decision you can make to improve your odds at the casino!
This email newsletter is FREE, and every issue is packed with great articles on
craps, blackjack and other beatable casino games. Click here for
more information about the e-newsletter.
You’ll also get the FREE Golden Touch E-Book…
Expert Tips on Casino Gambling
This amazing professionally produced e-book includes 25 great articles by the stars of
Golden Touch. NO SPAM! We only ask for your e-mail address, never share your
information, and only send you the e-newsletter every month or two.
Free Download
Dominator's Latest Book!
FREE Download
Learn the basics of the game, the best and worst bets to make, how to throw the dice, and how to become a knowledgeable Craps player.
Download now it's FREE
Like Us
Join us on facebook and keep up to date with the latest from Golden Touch Craps, you'll be the first to see new videos, articles and news from The Number One Dice Controller in the World, the Dominator!
Visit Us on Facebook
Golden Touch Craps
Testimonial...
The small size of the class was outstanding with a lot of one-on-one assistance. Working with three different instructors made the learning process an eye-opening experience.				...read more