http://www.weirdness-central.co.uk/policies/accessibility.shtml
Weirdness Central
Last Updated: Friday 11 December, 2020, 05:38:10, AM.
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Home ::
About Us :: Aims :: Downloads :: Contact Us :: Links
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Information
Accessing This Website
This covers the features that have been implemented within this site to improve the accessibility of its contents for all users, and in particular for users with sensory or physical impairments.
If you have any questions or comments about the accessibility features of this site, email them to enquiries@weirdness-central.co.uk
Style Sheets
This site incorporates Cascading Style Sheets, which enabled users to customise pages to suit their own needs using their own styles. The site text and background colours can all be overridden with your own preferences, catering for your needs. This is usually possible in the browser option or accessibility settings but please consult your software help option for full instructions.
Access keys
To use the Access Keys on your system, please follow these steps as they vary slightly across browsers and operating systems:
In Internet Explorer 6 on PC, use Alt plus the Access Key then Enter.
In Netscape 6 on PC, use Alt plus Access Key to activate the shortcut.
In Netscape 6 or Internet Explorer 5 on Mac, use Ctrl plus Access Key.
Please consult your software help option for information regarding other platforms.
A feature used to improve ease of navigation is the use of Access Keys. These are shortcut keys used to gain instant access to important or common parts of the site. The current list of Access Keys on the site is:
Access Key 0 - Accessing this Website
Access Key 1 - Home Page
Access Key 2 - About Us
Access Key 3 - Aims
Access Key 6 - Downloads
Access Key 7 - Contact Us
Access Key 8 - Links
Access Key 9 - Terms and Conditions
Access Key P - Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions ::
Privacy Policy ::
Accessing this website