http://www.gamerant.com/terms-of-use/
AD
The following Terms of Use refer to websites, applications and services provided by Valnet Inc. These Terms of Use will govern your access and use of the websites and services provided by Valnet Inc., and any all of its brands, entities that it controls, including GameRant.
Please read the following Terms of Use (“Terms”) carefully before using the Website GameRant.com (and all extensions) (the “Website” “GameRant”). The Terms of Use covers all of GameRant (“GameRant Sites”) and any or all associated content, including but not limited to, emails, RSS feeds and videos.
By using the Website, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, discontinue use of the Website.
Content
All of the articles on GameRant.com are original works, and are protected under applicable copyrights and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights, and are the intellectual property of GameRant.com
GameRant.com claims no credit for any images/photos featured on this site unless otherwise noted.
The Website may display links to other websites, services or resources on the Internet. These other resources are not under GameRant’s control, and you acknowledge that GameRant is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites, services or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that GameRant shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
Accuracy
The website is an editorial based website providing commentary, general information in relation to film, television and related topics. Information on the site may contain slight errors or inaccuracies; the Website does not make any warranty as to the correctness or reliability of the sites content. The Website does not provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy of the information. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies and errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors.
Use of content
GameRant is intended solely for your personal and non-commercial use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. If you are below the age of consent under applicable law in the jurisdiction in which you reside, your parent or legal guardian must read and accept the Terms of Use in your name and on your behalf.
GameRant allows its original content to be made available for non-commercial reproduction with a mandatory credit to the Website GameRant with both a link to the website and logo displayed. You may also reproduce extracts or quotes or screenshots with a mandatory credit to the Website GameRant with both a link to the website.
In any non-commercial reproduction, you may not suggest that GameRant endorsed you or your use of the work.
The rights granted to you shall in no way affect your fair dealing or fair use rights, or other applicable copyright exceptions and limitations and/or rights other persons may have either in the work itself or in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.
This does not include the right to republish images from GameRant, for which GameRant may not be the copyright holders, except in the context of a screenshot of the whole website. GameRant makes no representations, warranties or guaranties for third party use of content that appears on the Website.
All other copying, rearrangement, broadcast, rewriting for broadcast or publication, redistribution, modification, use or publication by you in any medium, directly or indirectly, of any such matters or any part of the Website, including the removal or alteration of advertising, except for limited rights of use granted hereunder, is strictly prohibited.
In any circumstance, the content may not be used on any site that promotes adult content (pornography), hate, racism or any illegal content.
RSS Feeds
The Website may provide an RSS Feed for GameRant. Should you use the RSS feed in any part whatsoever, we ask that you do not modify it in any way, including removing or modifying advertisements or adding content including advertisements and promotional content. GameRant may terminate its distribution of the RSS feeds or change the content or formatting without notice. It also reserves to the right to require a party from ceasing to use the RSS feed at any time.
Print
A reproduction of a screenshot in print form is permissible if and only if the URL, Website name and logo is fully visible or included. The content may also be reproduced in print form if and only if it is rightfully and clearly referenced as being from the Website including the Website name, URL and logo in references. Images from the Website may not be used in print.
The print medium shall not promote adult content (pornography), hate, racism or any illegal content.
Terms
The content provided by GameRant is on an “as is” basis and GameRant shall not be held liable for your use of the information, the content, feeds, etc. Use of the site is at your discretion. GameRant shall not be responsible for any complaints regarding content or images you choose to display on your site or in print.
GameRant is not connected in any way with any of the celebrities, brands or other items mentioned on this Website. Information about net worth, item value, etc. is approximate and may not be correct and/or actual. Other articles and content are opinion-based (or commentary) and should not be considered factual. You agree that GameRant shall not be held liable for such incorrect information or inaccuracies.
All the images on GameRant are not our property nor under our Copyrights. If any Image is offensive or under your Copyright then please E-mail us to have it removed at .
Intellectual property rights:
As we respect the intellectual property right of parties, GameRant has a policy of removing User Submissions (and others) that violate copyright law, Pursuant to Title 17 of the United States Code, Section 512, GameRant has a policy of receiving written notification of claimed copyright infringement and for processing such claims in accordance with such law. If you believe a user of the services is infringing your copyright, please provide written notice to our agent listed below for notice of claims of copyright infringement.
Valnet Inc.
100 – 7405 Transcanadienne
St.Laurent, Quebec, H4T 1Z2
Email:
As per applicable law, your written notice must: (a) contain your physical or electronic signature; (b) identify the copyrighted work alleged to have been infringed; (c) identify the allegedly infringing material in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material; (d) contain adequate information by which we can contact you (including postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address); (e) contain a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or the law; (f) contain a statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and (g) contain a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
If as an owner or authorized representative, your trademark is being used somewhere on the GameRant in a way that constitutes trademark infringement, you may notify us at . Please provide the accurate identity of the owner, how we may contact you, and the specific nature of the complaint.
Valnet intellectual property
GameRant, the site name and the logo constitute trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos (collectively “Marks”) belonging to GameRant. You are not authorized to use any such Marks. Ownership of all such Marks and the goodwill associate herewith remains with GameRant. Nothing contained on the Website shall be construed as granting by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use the Marks without the explicit permission of GameRant.
Affiliate links
We may, from time to time, post affiliate links to third party websites on our Website. Each article or post containing affiliate links will be identified as such. We are members of several affiliate purchasing programs, including, without limitation, Amazon Associate, the Ebay Partner Network, Wal-Mart Affiliates, ComiXology Affiliate, FabFitFun, and Bumpboxes.com. We earn a commission on qualifying purchases through these affiliate links. Please note that participation in certain programs and/or promotions may be limited to residents of certain geographical areas or subject to other restrictions; please refer to the terms of each program for details. We cannot be held liable for any restriction, denial of service or action by a third party website.
Comments
The Website allows users to comment and/or discuss the content on the Website. In posting comments you agree to abide by the following guidelines:
Users/visitors may post comments as long as the content of such comment is not illegal, obscene, threatening, libelous or racist and conforms to the Terms of Use herein. The content of such statement shall not invade someone’s privacy or infringe anyone’s intellectual property rights or be reprehensible.
The user/visitor shall remain responsible for the content of their statement. As such, the Website does not control the content of statements posted and cannot guarantee the accuracy, reliability, nor the veracity of the information published on this Website. The Website cannot be held responsible for the content, existence, nature, quality, legality, security and conformity of any comment posted on this Website.
You agree to communicate information that is true and genuine and is not in breach of any law or regulation in force.
Allegations that are unfounded or libelous are forbidden. It is your responsibility to ensure that your statement is as explicit and argumentative as possible.
Usurping the identity of an individual or of an entity is forbidden. It is also forbidden to mislead someone regarding the source of a comment or statement.
Please make sure your contributions are relevant and appropriate.
The comment or review being posted is for use on the Website not person or place or company in question, nor is the Website affiliated with the said individual or company in any manner whatsoever. The Website is not responsible for your decision to post personal information.
Please contribute with helpful and polite comments. Do not personally attack anyone or post comments that are insulting, defamatory or racist which expose you to potential legal action. The Website reserves the right to modify or delete comments which breach the Website’s policies.
The Website may at any time and at its entire discretion, suppress any such content. It is understood that the Website does not have the obligation to review all postings/comments.
All comments are considered property of the Website and all correspondence is considered available for publication. By submitting a comment, posting or article, you agree that your comments may be edited to correct errors, remove obscenities or hateful language, or otherwise alter or remove your comment, posting or article from this weblog without notice to you. Email addresses submitted with comments will not be sold or spammed.
Inappropriate Comment
Any interested party can request for the deletion or modification of a comment if he is the subject of such comment and if the content of such comment is in breach with the Terms of Use. A demand for the withdrawal of a comment shall be sent to with a link to the comment and the reason for it to be deemed in breach. An answer to your request will be available within 48 to 72 hours. A disagreement with a review or comment does not constitute a motive for deletion or modification.
The Website is not responsible regarding the content of any statement (comment or other) submitted by its users. The Website may, further to a complaint or a comment, look at the content of any statement and edit out in whole or in part any statement that is either inappropriate, libelous, untrue or in breach with the Terms of Use. Such complaints in relation to comments may be sent to .
Illegal use
You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Website.
You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by GameRant’s sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on GameRant’ss (or its third party providers’) infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website; (iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any restricted access to the Website (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website); (iv) run any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Website; (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any page of the Website; (vi) frame, scrape, data-mine, extract or collect the harvest or scrape any content from the Website in any form and by any means; or (vii) otherwise take any action in violation of the Terms of Use.
Changes
The Website reserves the exclusive right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately. Material changes will take effect 30 days after their posting. The posting date of each document will be set out at the end of the document. Any continued use of the Website will be deemed conclusive of your acceptance of the modified Terms of Use.
Privacy And Confidentiality
The Website undertakes not to use or disclose the information provided by its users for any other purpose than providing services. However, GameRant cannot guarantee the confidentiality of the information submitted over the Internet. As such, users must accept the entire responsibility in the event that confidential information is disclosed. Further, GameRant will work with law enforcement in providing information in relation to any investigation or crime.
Disclaimer
The Website may include general content relating to a range of topics, including medical, health, legal, tax, or financial issues. You should not rely on the service for individual advice on such issues and should rather inquire from a qualified professional. You alone will bear the sole responsibility for evaluating the merits and/or risks associated with use of the Website’s content.
THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS SERVICE IS IN NO WAY INTENDED TO AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO: (A) CONSTITUTE PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL, HEALTH, LEGAL, TAX, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE; (B) RECOMMEND, ENDORSE, OR ADVISE REGARDING ANY FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT OR INVESTMENT STRATEGY; OR (C) DIAGNOSE, CURE, OR TREAT ANY MEDICAL, HEALTH OR OTHER CONDITION. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL. FOR EXAMPLE, SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH PROVIDER PRIOR TO STARTING ANY NEW DIET AND ASK YOUR DOCTOR ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING A MEDICAL CONDITION. IN ADDITION TO ALL OTHER LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THE AGREEMENT, WE AND OUR LICENSORS, VENDORS, AND/OR SERVICE PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY OR LOSS IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTENT OBTAINED ON OR THROUGH THIS SERVICE.
Limitation on liavility
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GameRant WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY DAMAGES YOU INCUR ARISING OUT OF GameRant’s ACTS OR OMISSIONS OR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE ARE NOT IRREPARABLE AND ARE INSUFFICIENT TO ENTITLE YOU TO AN INJUNCTION OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF RESTRICTING THE AVAILABILITY OF OR ANY PERSON’S ABILITY TO ACCESS ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITES AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY VALNET INC.
THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES.
Miscellaneous
The Terms of Use of the Website and all other documents referenced constitute the entire agreement between the Website and you with respect to your use of the Website, and supersede any prior agreements. The Website’s failure to insist upon, or enforce strict performance, of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. If any of these Terms of Use is determined to be void, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof.
Governing law and jurisdiction
The Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws applicable in the jurisdiction in which you reside. All proceedings in connection with the Terms of Use or GameRant shall be exclusively submitted to the Courts of competent jurisdiction of the Province of Quebec, City of Montreal. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Website is in compliance with all applicable laws.
The parties have required that these Terms of Use and all related documents be drawn up in English. Les parties ont demandé que ces termes ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais.
Headings
The headings in the Terms of Use are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
More
Write For Us
Home
Contact Us
Terms
Privacy
Copyright
About Us
Press Kit
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Ethics Policy
Ownership Policy