http://www.tauniverse.com/privacy/
Site Navigation
Home
Forum
Current News
Archived News
Articles
About Us
Contact Us
Donating
Hosted Sites
Hosting
Hosting Support
Premium Membership
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service / Use
Total Annihilation
TA Information
TA Official Site
TA FAQ
TA Cheats
TA Guide
TA Online
TA Unofficial Patch
TA Downloads
TA: Kingdoms
TA:K Information
TA:K Official Site
TA:K FAQ
TA:K Cheats
TA:K Downloads
TA3D
TA3D Information
TA3D Homepage
TA3D Downloads
Mods
TA: Escalation
Total Annihilation Zero
Total Mayhem
Devolution
TA: Excess
Talon
The Lost Legacy
Rumad
Rhyoss
Star Wars TA
TA: The Final Frontier
TA: Independence War
Orpheriun 3
World Domination
Total Battletech
TA Twilight
TABA
TA: Frenzy
The Pack
UTASP
TAUCP
UberHack
TA Bugfix
All Mods (77)
Forum Module
Please register or log into post on Total Annihilation Universe.
User Name:
Password:
Threads: 42,953
Posts: 744,726
Hosted Sites
Main Sites
TA Universe
File Universe
Unit Universe
Active Sites
Mayhem Inc.
TA by Poosticks
TA Demo Archive
TA Demo Recording Site
TA: Escalation
TA: Twilight
Total Annihilation Zero
Inactive Sites
187 Clan
AfterMath Design
AI Central
Armored Typhoon
Central Consciousness
Creation Matrix Units
Design-X
Devolution
Final Frontier
Imperial Authority
Infusion Designs
InSaNe Systems
Mac TA
M.A.D. TA
Monolithic Incorporated
Mynn
PLU Clan
Quantum Design
Raven TA
Star Wars TA
TA Arsenal Network
TA by Switeck
TA Design Group
TA: Cataclysm
TA: Escalation League
TA: Independence War
TABA
TA-Power
TAUCP
TA-Zone
Terror Maps & Units
The Lost Legacy
The Pack
The UberCrack Shack
UberHack
Unit Review Central
Unlimited Units
Visual Designs
Warhammer TA
World Domination
Wormhole Productions
Xubor's Units
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to your privacy
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to safeguarding it. To better protect your privacy and for your understanding, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this statement easy to find, we provide links to it on every page on the main Total Annihilation Universe site. By using any of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites (not just Total Annihilation Universe), you consent to the data practices described in this statement; bear in mind though that individual Total Annihilation Universe Network sites may also have their own privacy statements with additional terms, etc. We therefore encourage you to read these should they exist too.
Most, if not all, of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites contain links to other websites (either to other sites hosted by the Total Annihilation Universe Network or external sites). These will usually be links to websites that should be of interest to you; the majority will be related to Total Annihilation. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.
Our commitment to your children's privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under the age of 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract or encourage anyone under the age of 13. If it is later discovered that data belonging to anyone under the age of 13 has been accidentally stored on any of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites, it shall be removed immediately.
Collection of your personal information
The Total Annihilation Universe Network sites do not require you to provide any personal information in order to browse our sites. However, on the Total Annihilation Universe forum, you will be required to provide your date of birth, a valid e-mail address, and your time zone should you wish to become a member. You have the option of hiding your e-mail address (and date of birth) upon registration from other members and visitors. The Total Annihilation Universe forum staff — who are carefully-appointed and responsible individuals, and who are fully aware of this privacy statement — will still be able to view all information on your forum account, except for your account password, which only you should know. The Total Annihilation Universe forum staff use such information mostly to confirm your identity, such as for password resets. You can choose to either allow or decline e-mails sent through the forum's system from other members, including Total Annihilation Universe forum staff. Any e-mails from Total Annihilation Universe forum staff will never contain any form of marketing.
On the Total Annihilation Universe forum, it is completely optional and non-obligatory for you to disclose additional information at your own leisure, such as your gender, instant messaging contacts, interests, location, occupation, political affiliations, race, and religion, etc. Likewise, any of this optional information can also be hidden from other members (except Total Annihilation Universe forum staff) or visitors; you can also choose to display any of this optional information to just your forum "friends".
Please note that information about your computer hardware and software is automatically collected by all of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites, including your computer's IP address and operating system, web browser type, any referring website addresses, the pages you visit, and the date and time of your visit. This information is used by the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites for the operation of our services, to maintain the quality of our services, and to provide general statistics regarding the use and popularity of all of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites. The majority of other external websites you visit will also collect this information for similar purposes too. The information gathered simply by browsing the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites cannot be used to personally identify you in any way, shape, or form.
If you contact us via e-mail through any means for whatever reason, we will receive your e-mail address, your name, and your computer's IP address. After we have responded to your e-mail, the whole correspondence is usually kept on our system until we are satisfied that any issue(s) have been resolved, upon which it will then be archived and, after a reasonable amount of time, later deleted.
We will never ask for, collect, or maintain any records of your financial information, and we will never create, provide, or maintain any means or options for you to provide such sensitive information.
Please keep in mind that if you choose to directly disclose personally-identifiable information or personally-sensitive data through any of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites (especially on the Total Annihilation Universe forum), this information may be collected and used by others without you knowing or approving. None of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites can be held responsible for any personally-identifiable information that you accidentally, knowingly, or purposefully disclose either publicly or privately to other members or visitors.
Use of your personal information
We collect and use your personal information to operate the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites and to deliver the services you have requested and expect. We will never send you any form of marketing; we do not condone any form of advertising on any of our sites; we do not sell, rent, or lease our customer lists to third parties; and we will never disclose any of your personal information to anyone else without your explicit permission first. The only exceptions to this are unless we are required to do so by law, to protect the property of any of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites, or for the safety of other members and visitors to our sites. Any abuse of your personal information by the staff of any of the Total Annihilation Universe Network sites and its servers will be taken extremely seriously and the individual(s) involved will be appropriately punished by applicable law, in addition to losing their privileges on our sites and servers.
Use of cookies
The Total Annihilation Universe Network sites use "cookies" to help you personalise your online experience and for us to recognise when you visit our sites again. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your computer's hard drive by a website. They are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by the website that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or to deliver viruses to your computer, nor can they gather or send any personally-identifiable information about you to us or anyone else.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. Cookies tell a web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, they are used to confirm that you are still logged in to the Total Annihilation Universe forum and to remind you about recent posts since your last visit. Without them, the Total Annihilation Universe forum would not know whether you're still logged in or not, and the system would also be unaware of when you last visited.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies: most web browsers automatically accept them, but you can modify your browser settings to decline them if you prefer. However, if you do choose to decline cookies, it is possible that some pages may not properly load, your access to certain information or pages might be denied (because the site in question won't know you've logged in to access their features), or you might have to repeatedly enter information about yourself each time you visit a page that requires that said information.
Security of your personal information
We take reasonable steps to secure your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. When you need to provide highly sensitive personal information (such as log in information to important areas of our servers), your access is encrypted through the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol (using HTTPS at the start of a website's address instead of just HTTP). Especially on the Total Annihilation Universe forum, we also use coding measures to only show your personally-identifiable information to people that you wish to show it to.
How you can access or correct your personal information
To view a summary of all the personally-identifiable information that we collect and maintain online about you, please contact us at tauniverse@outlook.com, where we will personally attend to your requests. You can correct factual errors in your personally-identifiable information by sending us a request to the same address that credibly shows error. For security reasons, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. On the Total Annihilation Universe forum, you may correct or change almost all of your information by yourself; the Total Annihilation Universe forum staff can also make alterations for you if you wish.
Changes to this statement
Please be aware that we may occasionally have to update this privacy policy (sometimes without warning) to reflect member or visitor feedback or changes in our practices or services. We are not obliged to inform you of any changes though. Therefore, we encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how we are continuing to protect your personal information.
Contacting us
Should you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an e-mail at tauniverse@outlook.com or use the Total Annihilation Universe forum's built-in contact form.