http://www.online-betting-guide.co.uk/help
OLBG App 1M Installs
Search
Members
Logout
Login
Register
UK
Ireland
Australia
United States
Free Bets & Offers
Free Bets
Casino Offers
Best Bookies Best Bookies Bookie Guides Casinos Casino Guides Free Tips & Tipsters Today's Best Tips Football Tips Horse Racing Tips Best Tipsters iOS App Android App Accas Betting Strategy Betting Blogs Betting School Betting Forum Members & Tipster Competition Tipster Competition Tables Winners Prizes News Charity Scheme Help Dashboard Make a Tip My Tipping Current Tips History Elite Status My Rankings Tipster Comp Tables Winners Prizes News Charity Scheme Help Account About Me My Profile My Bookies My Privacy
Tipster Competition
Tables
Winners
Prizes
News
Charity Scheme
Help
Dashboard
Make a Tip
My Tipping
Current Tips
History
Elite Status
My Rankings
Tipster Comp
Tables
Winners
Prizes
News
Charity Scheme
Help
Account
About Me
My Profile
My Bookies
My Privacy
OLBG Help
Jump to...
Registration Membership / Login Making Tips Competition Rules Tip Settlement Prizes Forum About OLBG Blogs
Username and email? Make sure you pick a username you will be happy with as your username cannot be changed once it has been set up. Please also use an email address you check regularly as if we contact you and the email bounces or if a number of mails are unopened then we may close your account. Also, this email is used for logging in when your session expires.
I've forgotten my username? You can also log in with your email address. If you can't remember your email then try to find any emails or alerts from OLBG - these will be addressed to your email. If all else fails please contact us and we will try to help.
Didn't recieve welcome email? The email system is working fine but a few people especially those on Hotmail and AOL sometimes have problems. Check spam filters, spam boxes, or anything else that might be blocking mail from new sources. If that fails try a different email address. If you haven't received the welcome email and clicked the link then if you try to login with your correct username and password you will be given options to both: a) resend the welcome email b) reset your email, which will then allow you to choose a new email address
Why dont I need a password? Passwords can be guessed or solicited from you by spoof emails and sites so we now use passwordless login. To login now you should enter your username (or your email address) and you will be sent a link to that email account. Clicking on the link will log you into OLBG on that device for several days so you should not need to repeat this regularly. For security reasons the links we send are only valid for 15 minutes.
Account suspended? Most suspensions occur because a tipsters details appear very similar to those of another tipster so we like to clarify that these are in fact, two different people. Once this is resolved to our satisfaction then the account is normally reinstated.
Can I have more than one account? Sorry - to make the competition as fair as possible each person is only allowed one account and you are not allowed to cancel and set up a new one if things go badly. Also, you are not allowed to cancel your account and start again as this makes a mockery of players historical profits, messes up alerts & is confusing for other users. If we have suspicions that someone is running multiple accounts, you may be asked to provide ID, such as a passport or driving license to show that you are different people and not one running multiple accounts, failure to do so will result in the accounts being closed down.
Account deleted? To keep the site running fast we do periodically delete inactive accounts. Any account where you haven't logged in for over three months will be mailed twice to confirm you still want it, after which it is deleted if you do not respond. Having a reliable email is also key - if we try to contact you and the email bounces you have 30 days to login (where you will be prompted to set a new email) before your account is deleted. Please use an email address you check regularly to make sure your account does not get deleted.
Why do you need my email? We need your email for a few things: 1. We regularly send out emails with site news, extra competitions and exclusive offers we have arranged for you. 2. There are various alerts you can set up if you like for tips, free bets, special competitions etc. You are in complete control of these so you can completely stop them at any time just by logging in and changing your preferences in the "My Emails" section of the member's area. 3. Within the forum, there is a private message system and various alerts to let you track if people make posts to threads etc. Your email is used for these alerts and alerts you when you get new messages. Again though you can choose not to get these (and this is the default option). 4. If you don't use your account we need to be able to contact you to make sure you still want it, as we like to delete inactive accounts as this helps the site run quicker. FAILURE TO PROVIDE A RELIABLE EMAIL MAY RESULT IN ACCOUNT DELETION.
Can I just register with the forum?
When you register you are automatically registered with the tipster competition and the forum.
How does login work?? 1. You input your username OR email (no password) 2. An email is sent to the email associated to your account, with a login link 3.You click the link to login
The login links from these emails are valid for 15 minutes. If you don't click the link within 15 minutes, you need to log in again in order to get a new email. Once logged in, you should stay logged in for about two weeks.
Ive forgotten my username? You can log in with your username or email address. If you cant remember your email then try to find any emails or alerts from OLBG - these will be addressed to your email.
Can I change my username? Given that people follow each other's tips and forum posts & we have the alerts system it would get too confusing if we allowed people to change their username.
How do I change my email? Go to your "My Profile" page. If you do change your email then you will need to reconfirm it TWICE by clicking on -a link in a message that we send to your new email address to confirm its validity -a link in a message that we send to your old email address to authorise the change.
How do I delete my account? Go to your "My Profile" page. On the Bottom Right of the page, there is a "Delete my account" prompt and this is where you can delete your account from. Be warned that once you do delete your account you will not be able to open another account for twelve months. There are strictly no exceptions to this.
How do I stop receiving emails? You can control which types of emails you receive from OLBG on your "My Privacy" page.
How do I login to the tipster competition? Click on the login button at the top of the homepage.
I've been asked to re-confirm my email? If we try to contact you and the email bounces you will be prompted to set a new email next time you log in. We will then email you at that new email address and like when you joined, you will have to click on a link in the email to reverify your account. If you fail to do this within 30 days then your account will be deleted.
How do I make a tip?
To Make A Tip you need to be logged into your OLBG account. On your dashboard there is a quick link to ‘Make A Tip’ via the My Tipping section. You can also make a tip by selecting the Members & Tipster Competition from the main menu and then Make A Tip. Select your sport, tip selection and enter your stake (50 to 500), bet type and add a tip comment if you wish and then click ‘confirm tip’ Check your tip details you have added and click confirm or cancel via the final confirmation pop up message. You can now select, make another tip on the same sport, go back to the main tips menu or see your current tips.
How do I add a tip comment? After selecting your tip you can also add a tip comment explaining your selection. We encourage all our members to add tip comments as we want other members to be able to read and benefit from your knowledge. Please make sure you read the guidelines regarding making comments, details can be found in this Forum thread. A quick tipping comment reference guide can also be found by clicking on the ? next to the tip comment box. Once you have added your tip comment you then click "Confirm Tip".
Can I copy content from other sites to help with my tip comments?? No, definitely not. We have to be very careful regarding copyright laws so copying of any nature is not allowed. This includes copying content from other OLBG members. Anyone we suspect of copying will be banned from the competition.
Can I edit my tips? We don't allow editing of tips so you need to be careful when making your selections like you would with a real bet with a bookmaker. The reasons for not allowing editing is that it can cause many complications, not least for the people who follow your tips or get alerts and who may end up following your old selection. There's more discussion in This Forum Thread.
My tips have disappeared? Only future tips appear on your "Current Tips" page in the member's area or to see tips from yesterday or before click on the "Tips History".
Can I make multiple bets in the tipster comp? No, we don't have the facility for making multiple bets in the tipster competition. The main reason is that it can make the competition more about luck and can also kill the competition in months where someone wins very big at the start of the month. We like the competition to be more about long term consistency and sharing your best tips. We wish to discourage people from making desperate tips at the end of the month to try to get into the prize money.
The exceptions to this rule are: Horse Racing: You can make a win tip and each way tip on each horse race. Football: You can tip a maximum of three players in each the Anytime Scorer & Player to be Booked markets. Golf tournaments: You can tip a maximum of one player to win only and up to 4 further players each way. F1: You can tip a maximum of three drivers in each the Points & Podium finish markets.
I've made a mistake in a tip? Unfortunately we don't have the resources to make changes to your tips for you. We have 1000s of members and as a free competition, we don't have the amount of staff we would need to be able to cover something like changing tip comments. Also, we need to be sure the members following your tips are not confused by any changes.
How do I win money
Money is won by adding enough successful tips to finish in the prize positions of the relevant table. The more winners you pick at good odds will mean you will show in the table of the particular sport you are tipping on. Once you have met the criteria for the sport concerned, if you finish the month in one of the prize sports you will be credited with the respective prize for where you finish.
How do I see my unsettled tips and tips history Once you have placed tips in the tipping competition, there are two sections where you can view these tips, one for ‘Current Tips’ and the other is ‘Tips History’.
Explaining your virtual balance Your virtual bank is reset to 1000 at the start of every month. It is also increased by 100 every day so you will always have some funds to play with. Also, your bank will change when you make tips, and when they are settled if you have some winnings. Virtual balances cannot be converted into real cash.
Why make tips with comments? We encourage all members to add tip comments as we want other members to be able to read and benefit from your knowledge. Plus adding tip comments can double your chance of winning a cash prize.
Why am I not ranked in the tipster table? If you are not ranked in the table, you have yet to reach the minimum criteria for that competition.  Check via the 'My Performance' page and the table criteria for more information.
How does the the competition work? At the start of the month, you are given a bank of virtual money to make virtual bets ("tips") with. You objective is to make the most profit during the month. Which events form part of the competition and the timing of their availability is at the discretion of OLBG. Typically we will aim to include: 1. UK horse racing meetings 2. Premiership, Championship, Spanish, Scottish Prem, and Italian football matches 3. Selected Champions League, Europa League, FA Cup, EFL Cup and International football matches. 4. Most major Tennis and Golf Tournaments. 5. Selected other events for Rugby, Cricket, Formula 1, Snooker, Darts & Boxing. 6. Many US Sports including NFL, NHL, NBA and MLB 7. We also now offer Greyhounds, eSports, Handball, Volleyball, Cycling, Gaelic Sports and Aussie Rules. At the beginning of every month, your bank will be reset to 1000 so as to give all players a roughly equal opportunity for the forthcoming month (subject to open bets carried over). Every day you will be credited with an additional 100. All bets must be between 50 and 500. At the end of the month, any open bets up to a limit of 1000 will be carried over "for free" such that you can have both 1000 and a certain amount of open bets at the beginning of a month. Profits/Losses from these open bets will impact on the month in which they are settled.
Why has my bank changed? Your virtual bank is reset to 1000 at the start of every month. It is also increased by 100 every day so you will always have some funds to play with. Also obviously your bank will change when you make tips, and when they are settled if you have some winnings.
I've found an error in the competition? Please tell us immediately. Please do not make any bets that exploit any errors in the competition as we reserve the right to mark them as losers irrespective of the result or even disqualify you from the competition.
Tip comments must not be copied from elsewhere? It is essential that any tip comments you add are all your own work. We want to show the world that the tips and comments found on OLBG are 100% original and of the highest quality. We risk breaking copyright laws if you use content that is available on other sites. IF WE SUSPECT YOU HAVE BEEN COPYING CONTENT FROM OTHER SITES OR OTHER MEMBERS YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY DELETED.
Qualifying for prizes? The prize structure is split into two areas:
1. Cash prizes for competitions where tip comments are required
2. Cash prizes where tip comments are not required
Prizes are only awarded to Active Tipsters = someone who have placed at least 5 tips in the month. PLEASE NOTE THE INDIVIDUAL CRITERIA FOR EACH LEAGUE. THE SIGN > MEANS GREATER THAN. SO >4 MEANS YOU MUST MAKE 5 OR MORE TIPS. Tipsters must be over 18. To win cash prizes you must have made a profit in that category to qualify. If you finish in the prize list without making a profit then you do not qualify for a prize. You can see prizes you are close to winning in the "My Performance" section of the member's area. Members can also try and double or even triple their winnings by becoming elite or super-elite level members. Full details of the elite and superelite reward scheme can be found in this forum thread.
Cheating? 1. Only one entry per household (except by special agreement with us). In the case of multiple entries, only the first active account qualifies for prizes and other tipster logins will be deleted. 2. Any cheating will mean ineligibility for the prize money and potentially cancellation of your account. This includes running multiple accounts, placing tips after the event, inflating odds or any other activity we deem unsportsmanlike. Individual tips may be voided or marked as losers at our discretion irrespective of the result. 3. An account suspended for cheating will forfeit any real money accrued but unclaimed. 4. Determination of what we consider to be cheating is at our sole discretion. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO DELETE ANY ACCOUNT WHERE WE BELIEVE THE USER IS NOT ACTING IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF OLBG AND OUR COMMUNITY. SUCH A DECISION IS TOTALLY AT OUR DISCRETION.
I think someone is cheating? Please report it to us along with any evidence you have. We try very hard to run a fair competition and if we feel any member is not acting in the best interests of OLBG they will have their account deleted.
Tactical tipping? Very occasionally we become aware of members who tip tactically when they are very near to winning a prize. This may take the form of waiting until other members have made their tips and then replicating the same selections so as the member in front cannot be caught. This is against the spirit of OLBG and if we feel any member is doing this they will be warned and if they continue to do this they will have their account deleted.
Conflicting tips? We occasionally notice members adding tips that conflict i.e. Man United half time correct score of 2-0 versus Liverpool and then an HT/FT with Liverpool leading at half time. This is clearly very confusing for other members who may read your tips and we want the info on OLBG to be clear and consistent. Whilst adding conflicting tips is not against the rules we feel that is against the spirit of OLBG so please make sure you can offer good reasoning as to why you are doing this. If we feel a member is adding conflicting tips purely to try and win a prize then we reserve the right to delete the relevant tips.
Market manipulation? We have noticed a few members trying to exploit certain markets available on OLBG which offer very large odds with a view to manipulating their chances of winning a prize. Certain members target markets such as ties in rugby, HT/FT in football etc with the hope of hitting a big price win and then adding a few other tips at short odds to ensure they meet the prize criteria. This sort of behaviour is not against the rules but we feel it is not in the spirit we want for OLBG and we will discourage members who regularly try and win prizes in this way. It is not fair to those members who add genuine comments throughout the month to be stopped from winning prizes by members who are trying to exploit an opening. Please remember we reserve the right to delete any account where we feel the member is not acting in the best interests of the wider OLBG community.
Other Terms? 1. Rules are subject to change at our discretion. Updates will be posted on this page.
2. By signing up to the competition you consent to us emailing you on a periodic basis with news of the site and the tipster competition.
3. By taking part in the competition you agree to the rules and terms above.
How are tips settled? Most tips are settled in the same way as they would be with a normal bookmaker. There are however a few exceptions regarding non-participating players. Results of tips will wherever possible be updated daily on the day following the match/race. We will endeavour to ensure that results are processed promptly and winnings credited to "banks" to allow sufficient time to reinvest these winnings prior to monthly resets, however, this cannot be guaranteed, and any failures on our part in this respect are just bad luck. Tips are void if a race is not run or there is no official result - this will result in a refund of your tip stake. From time to time results may be processed inaccurately. Where this happens we will do our best to correct such errors when we are made aware of them, but we regret that we cannot always guarantee that this will be possible. Disputes and concerns should be emailed to us and we will endeavour to sort the matter out in the fairest way possible. However, our decision is final.
When are tips settled? We attempt to settle tips around the clock but we don't guarantee to settle a tip until 12 pm the day after the result is known. In the case of a match at 1 pm on the 10th this would mean settlement by 12 pm on the 11th at the latest. We do try to do them sooner though!
My tips haven't been settled yet? Whilst we are trying to settle tips around the clock we don't guarantee to settle a tip until 12 pm the day after the result is known. In the case of a match at 1 am on the 10th this would mean settlement by 12 pm on the 11th at the latest. We do try to do them sooner though!
I think my tips have been processed incorrectly? Please tell us immediately, due to the number of events on a daily basis despite our best efforts, there will be times when errors are made, please use the contact form to let us know.
When are the tables updated? The tipster tables are updated at least once a day, typically between 10 am and 1 pm. If you've had a big win then please allow 24 hours for that to show up in any of the tables. Even if your tips are showing as settled that doesn't mean its updated the tables. the time and date the table was last updated are shown in the table stats information above each table.
Do I get my money back on a non-runner in horseracing? Yes.
Do you settle tips on first past the post in horseracing? No. We settle horseracing on the amended result only.
How are Hong Kong races settled? Races at either Sha Tin or Happy Valley will be settled by the SP displayed on the bet365 results page.
An event I tipped on wasn't completed? Where a match is not played to a conclusion some tips could be voided even if an official result has been declared. If a match has not been completed due to player retirement then any completed markets will be settled as normal. Any markets that were incomplete (such as correct score etc) will be voided.
A player I backed to score didn't play? If you tip a player to score first or anytime but they never get on the pitch then we mark these as losers as its too complex to introduce an effective non-runner system for the hundreds of matches we process every day.
A player I tipped didn't start the tournament? If you back a player in a tournament/race (e.g. Golf, tennis, F1 race, etc) and they don't take part then the bet is a loser. While bookies may treat this differently its too onerous for us to keep track of who does and doesn't take part in every event. We suggest you confirm a player will take part before you select him/her.
What happens if I back an event in a future month? If you make an ante-post bet then the stake comes out when you make the bet, and the returns and profit/loss are credited to you in the month that the result is known.
Golf 1st Round Settlements Some golf tournaments can cross over into the next month and whilst the first round may be played in a different month to the completion of the tournament, all tips on a golf tournament will be settled on the date of the completion of the tournament. That means if a tournament runs from Thursday 30th May and is completed on the 2nd June, ALL tips on that event will be settled and counted towards your June totals.
Where can I see details of the prizes? There are two types of prizes which can be won in the tipster competition, there are prizes rewarded for tips which contain comments (Comment Comps) and prizes rewarded for all tips, whether they contain a comment or not (All Tips Comps). At present, there is a monthly prize fund of £5,600 for the ‘Comment Comps’, this includes £1,500 paid for horse racing and the £2,000 paid out for football. In total there are 735 cash prizes paid out in the comment competitions. For the ‘All Tips Comps’ there is a monthly prize fund of £900 covering a total of 22 sports and a total of 150 cash prizes paid out, remember every tip added will be included in these tables. For a full breakdown of the prizes, head over to the Monthly Tipster Prize List page.
Am I close to winning a prize? You can see prizes you are close to winning in the "My Performance" section of the members area.
How do I claim a payment? If your balance is £5 or more you can claim a prize by going to the "Dashboard" page in the member's area and using the Claim button. Note, your payment claim will not be accepted until you have also confirmed your payment request by clicking on a link in the payment authorisation email we send to you. We pay PayPal or Skrill for £5 or more and will issue UK sterling cheques for claims of £50 if you are a UK resident. Please allow up to 30 days for payment and note that due to the large volume of prizes and payments we typically will only make one payment run per month.
Wheres my money? Prizes will be credited to your "Real Cash" balance at the end of every month. Skrill or Paypal transfers will be issued on the application each month to any player having a total balance of £5 or more (£50 for cheques). Balances below £5 are carried forward indefinitely. Please allow 30 days to receive payment.
I thought I should get a prize but didnt? Don't forget that league tables on the last day of the month don't include the final day's tips. Hence its the results after those tips have processed that count. Some people do make "all or nothing" type bets on the last day and this can lead to some changes in the rankings. Also, note that if you did not make sufficient tips or you made a loss then you will not qualify for a prize.
How to win a prize To win cash prizes you must have made a profit in that category to qualify. If you finish in the prize list without making a profit then you do not qualify for a prize. You can see prizes you are close to winning in the "My Performance" section of the member's area.
What is LSP? LSP stands for Level Stakes Profit. One point will be placed on the tip for win tips, 1/2 a point Each Way for Each Way tips at the odds taken. If you place a win tip on a 5/1 winner you will then have an LSP of + 5 points whilst one point is deducted for a losing tip.
How to maximise prize money Tip 1 Make sure you add a comment to your tip where possible as this will increase your chance of winning more prizes.
How to maximise prize money Tip 2 Instead of just tipping on the 1X2 table on footie, why not explore the other available markets to get involved with the other individual football tables?
How to maximise prize money Tip 3 Look out for event competitions like for Cheltenham or the World Cup where we offer increased prize money and try to win the top prize!
What are Elite and Superelite status? You can double any prize money won by being an Elite sports tipster and treble any prize money won by being a Super Elite sports tipster. Head over to your 'Elite Status' page for full details on how to become Elite or Super Elite.
When does my Elite status begin? Elite status changes monthly but it is not affected by the current month’s activity (until next month)
Can I be a Moderator? Maybe. If we see you out and about on the forum a lot and you regularly display a positive and helpful attitude towards the site and its members then I'm sure we'll be in touch.
How do I register with the forum? Once you log in, you are automatically logged into the forum area. To register with the forum you need to register with the site tipster competition & this will create a forum account for you. To do this just click on the "Join" button at the top of each page.
How do I login to the forum? Once you login using the orange button at the top, you are automatically logged into the forum area and the tipster competition. Unless you specifically log-out (using a similar orange button) or you remove your cookies you will remain logged in when you next visit.
Why cant I post on the forum / Why cant I send PMs? We have made some restrictions on the abilities of new members to reduce spam on the forum. However please note that 1. Anyone can post to existing threads 2. To be able to start NEW threads and send PMs you need to have been a member for a few weeks and have made some posts. 3. We're not revealing publicly what these limits are as it will just defeat the purpose and make it easy to spam the forums again. 4. We suggest you just participate in existing threads for a few weeks and before you know it you'll have full privileges.
Why have I been banned? People are banned from the forum typically for antisocial behaviour such as: 1. being abusive to other members. 2. bad language 3. making libellous allegations 4. spamming with advertising This can be for one single offence or for a combination of things over time.
What do the Moderators Do? The moderators keep the forum free of abuse to make it a friendly and well-orgnanised place for sharing betting tips and advice. They are not paid for this - its purely a voluntary contribution and we are very grateful for their help.
What is OLBG?
OLBG is a community and guide to help you with your betting. We are not a bookmaker, but we do link to lots of different bookmakers and other betting content. The main aim of OLBG is to help you find interesting events to gamble on and then to provide useful information about that event such as the best odds, where it's on TV, some tips and what sort of bets can be made.
How We Work? 1. OLBG is an entirely free site that costs a lot of money to run let alone give out free prizes. 2. In order to do this, we need to be very efficient about dealing with enquiries meaning we really can't afford to spend time answering simple questions that are answered on the site. 3. The OLBG philosophy is to try to spend as much of our time and money on improving the site and its features so your assistance with this would be appreciated :)
How Can I support OLBG? OLBG is a free site making its money from bookmaker advertising. You can help us in three ways: 1. Help us keep costs down by only asking us questions when you really need to and you're sure it's not answered in the help sections. 2. Using the links on OLBG when you open accounts with bookmakers, casino & poker rooms etc as often that is how we make our money. 3. Share useful information with others through tips and the forum to help everyone enjoy their betting more. 4. Tell your friends about OLBG.
Why So Many Errors? Our approach is to keep the site improving as rapidly as possible. You might say the whole site is in test in some ways as we are always tweaking stuff. This means that there will be errors from time to time but they'll often be fixed a minute or so later. However, if you do spot any errors and they don't disappear within an hour then please let us know.
Do you have any Jobs? If you are interested in working for OLBG then please check The Invendium Website
How do Blogs Work? If you have been approved as a blogger then you can create blogs and information about yourself. You can add some basic info about yourself in your blogger profile which you will find on your blog home page.
Who Can Have a Blog? Blogs are available by invitation. If you feel that you have met the requirements but haven't received an invitation yet, please use the contact form to let us know. We like to keep the number of blogs reasonably small to ensure we only have active bloggers. Also as blogs are self-moderated we prefer to wait until you've been a member for a while and we've got to know you a bit before we approve you and we like to see a track record of quality postings on the forum or in tip comments.
Jump to...
Registration
Membership / Login
Making Tips
Competition Rules
Tip Settlement
Prizes
Forum
About OLBG
Blogs
OLBG
MEMBERS LOGOUT LOGIN REGISTER
Tipster Competition
Make a Tip
My Status
Prizes
Tipster Tables
UNITED KINGDOM
IRELAND
AUSTRALIA
UNITED STATES
Download OLBG iPhoneAndroid App
We detected you are connecting from United States. We have a different section in our site for users from your country.
Switch to:
Continue to:
You can always visit the the other sections by changing the country from the menu in top right bar or from the dropdown below
Select country United Kingdom Ireland Australia United States