http://www.world-of-nintendo.com/nintendo/privacy.shtml
World of Nintendo Web Site Privacy Statement
FREE @world-of-nintendo.com E-mailaddress!! Sign up here!!
Username: Password:
Get a FREE iPad or MacBook Air!!!!!!!
World of Nintendo Web Site Privacy Statement
World of Nintendo respects the privacy rights of our online visitors
and recognizes the importance of protecting the information we
collect about you. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before
you use the web site.
What information is collected?
World of Nintendo only collects personal information from our
online visitors on a voluntary basis and only for contests, contributions
to the site for credit, Mailing Lists, and the Message Board. We do not
require this information to obtain access to the site.
A special note about children 12 years old and under
World of Nintendo encourages parents and guardians to spend time
online with their children. We urge parents to instruct their children to
never give out their real names, addresses or phone numbers, without
permission, when using the Internet. We recognize a special obligation to
protect personal information obtained from young children. Children 12
years old and under are required to get permission from a parent or
guardian before submiting personal information or entering contests.
Cookies
On the Internet, a "cookie" is a piece of information (a file) that a Web
site transfers to a users computer for record-keeping purposes. The
use of cookies is common on the Internet. Our site does not use cookies,
but our advertisors do to serve advertisements and to track use of our
site. Cookies help them track the frequency and placement of advertisements.
Cookies also enable them to measure aggregate, or total usage and
traffic to our site and to specific offerings. You may configure your
browser to reject cookies.
What happens to the personal information provided?
Free @world-of-nintendo.com E-Mail address
E-mail service is provided by Everyone.net. Click here to view there
privacy statement.
Contributing to the site.
Your information that you give out when you contribute to the site is only
used for credit. If you are 12 or under, please get permission from a parent
or guardian to contribute to the site if you include your name or E-mail address.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the World of Nintendo Online
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this
site. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy. Please check
back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes in our
privacy practices. Your continued use of our site will signify your
acceptance of these changes.
You can contact us here.
Last Updated: 6/1/01.