http://www.uoresources.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Contact Us
Support Center
ICQ #384391
Search
Advanced Search
Categories
Alacrity Scrolls
Champion Spawn Artifacts
Clean Up Rewards
Collection Items »
Covetous Artifacts
Custom Order
Despise Artifacts
Doom Artifacts
Home Deco »
Houses
King Greg's Custom Suits and Weapons »
Misc. Artifacts
Mondains Artifacts
New Years Sale!
Origin Store
Power Scrolls
Replicas
Runics
Scrolls of Transcendence
Talismans »
Time of Legends
UO Game Gold
UO Other Items
UO Resources »
UO Tokens
UO Vet Rewards »
Game Time For Gold
All Products ...
Bestsellers
100 Million UO Gold Pieces (On...
50 Million UO Gold Checks
5.0 Scroll of Transcendence Animal...
+25 Stats Scroll
25 Million UO Gold Checks
Transfer Token
250 Million UO Gold Pieces
5.0 Scroll of Transcendence Imbuing
1 Million UO Gold Checks
+20 Magery
Testimonials
Superb Service!!!I am at lost for words to say how far these guys go to help. They are outstanding and have made my Ultima Online experience an even more enjoyable...Read More ->AWESOME!This was really an awesome discovery! These guys made my ultima online experience, the ultimate experience! I got what I wanted and was finally able...Read More ->Great ServiceExcellent service, fast delivery, new website look. Online most the time and very quick responses. Definitely using these guys again thank you...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy of UoResources.com
UoResources.com approves not to reveal the terms, conditions, subject matter, or identity of the parties related to any paid transaction to any party unless required to do so by law. The company gathers private identifiable information; include your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. The company also gathers nameless demographic information that is not only to you; include your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
Please notice that if you directly reveal private identifiable information or private sensitive data through the Company's Chats, communities, or public online forums, this information maybe gathered and used by others. The company improves you to observe the privacy statements of websites you choose to gather, use and share your information. The company is not in charge of the privacy statements or other content on website outside of the Company's web page.
There also have information about hardware and software of your computer, that is automatically gathered by the Company, include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by the Company for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Company's websites.
Private information is used for the Company's website to operate and deliver the services as you requested .The company's website also use your private identifiable information to notify you of other products or services available from the Company and its affiliates when requested through its mailing list. The company can also contact you via inspection to acquire your idea of current services or of involving new services that may be offered.
The company does not sell, rent or lease its client lists to third parties. Occasionally, the Company may contact you represent of external business partners about a particular supply that may be of interest to you. In cases, your only private identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Otherwise, the Company may share data with trusted partners to complete the perform statistical analysis. All the third parties are banned to use your private information except to provide these services to the Company, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
The Company save track of the websites and pages our client's visit, in order to analyze what websites and services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising to clients whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
The company's websites will reveal your personal information , without clew, just if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the Company or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of www.UoResources.com, but not limited to this Company's websites; and, (c) act under urgent circumstances to protect the private safety of users of the Company, its websites, or the public.
Home
::
Contact Us
::
Privacy
::
Conditions of Use
::
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 UO ResourcesDesign by: IDEAS | Powered by Zen Cart