http://www.crosswordsite.com/pages/crosswords-for-newspapers-privacy
Search
Home
Crosswords
Standard crosswords
Australian crosswords
UK crosswords
US crosswords
Anagram crosswords
Australian anagram crosswords
UK anagram crosswords
US anagram crosswords
Wordsearches
Australian wordsearches
UK wordsearches
US wordsearches
Codewords
Australian codewords
UK codewords
US codewords
Themed puzzles
Themed crosswords to order
UK Christian crosswords
Sudokus
Brainteasers
All about puzzles
Menu
Cart 0
Privacy information for publishers
Crosswordsite.com, one of the leading puzzle publishing companies, believes in a consumer's right to privacy. Crosswordsite, a crossword puzzle maker which has published crossword puzzles since 2000, does not distribute, redistribute or sell any information about its customers, such as email address, name, phone number and street address. We collect such information as a legitimate interest under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation to provide support, help and other services such as the availability of new products in the most efficient manner. We have carried out a Legitimate Interests Assessment and followed the United Kingdom's ICO guidelines in doing so.The site user information we may compile (such as browser type) is not personally identifiable and is used in aggregate form. It includes IP addresses, browser types and settings, operating systems, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. Such information is used to operate and maintain the quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of Crosswordsite. Crosswordsite does not conduct individual web user profiling.
Either through advertisements published on its pages which supply free online puzzles to users' websites, or otherwise, Crosswordsite may publish links allowing users to gain access to other sites not owned by Crosswordsite.com. Such linked sites are not under the control of Crosswordsite.com, and we do not assume any responsibility or liability for their actions, products, services or content. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Crosswordsite uses cookies to improve users' experience when using the website. We place the following cookies:
Cookies necessary for the functioning of the website:
_ab: Used in connection with access to admin._orig_referrer: Used in connection with shopping cart._secure_session_id: Used in connection with navigation through a storefront.Cart: Used in connection with shopping cart.cart_sig: Used in connection with checkout.cart_ts: Used in connection with checkout.checkout_token: Used in connection with checkout.Secret: Used in connection with checkout.Secure_customer_sig: Used in connection with customer login.storefront_digest: Used in connection with customer login.
Reporting and analytics:_landing_page: Track landing pages._orig_referrer: Track landing pages._s: Shopify analytics._shopify_fs: Shopify analytics._shopify_s: Shopify analytics._shopify_sa_p: Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals._shopify_sa_t: Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals._shopify_uniq: Shopify analytics._shopify_visit: Shopify analytics._shopify_y: Shopify analytics._y: Shopify analytics.tracked_start_checkout: Shopify analytics relating to checkout.Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics (https://policies.google.com/privacy) and Facebook Pixel (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) to help measure how users interact with our websites.
How long will cookies remain on my computer or mobile device?
The length of time that a cookie remains on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies last until you stop browsing and persistent cookies last until they expire or are deleted. Most of the cookies we use are persistent and will expire between 30 minutes and two years from the date they are downloaded to your device. See the section below on how to control cookies for more information on removing them before they expire.
How to control cookies?
You can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking cookies can negatively impact your user experience and parts of our website may no longer be fully accessible.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose whether or not to accept cookies through your browser controls, often found in your browser’s “Tools” or “Preferences” menu. For more information on how to modify your browser settings or how to block, manage or filter cookies can be found in your browser’s help file or through such sites as www.allaboutcookies.org
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please click here to contact us.