http://www.buypokerchips.com/terms_privacy.asp
Home
|  Help |
My Account | Order
Status  |
View Cart
BuyPokerChips.com
The World's Finest Poker
Chips Since 2003
Home
Poker Chips
Custom Poker Chips
Poker Chip Cases
Poker Tables
International Store
100s of Customer Testimonials
| Advertising Inquiries
| Contact Us
Search:
Poker Chip Sets
Archetype
Finest Ceramic
Venerati
Best Value
Get Poker Chip
Samples
Custom
Poker Chips
The
99¢ Sample Ships
Free!
Custom
Chip Sample (10) $5
Custom
Chip Set 75¢/ea
1.5
Hr Design Package $29
Storage,
Cards, Tables
Poker Chip Cases
Playing Cards
Poker Tables &
Supplies
Chip
Design Tools
Ceramic Poker Chip
Tool
Clay Poker Chip
Tool
Quick Navigation
View Product Index
View Category Index
Popular Resources
Free Poker Table Plans
Learn About Poker Chips
Las Vegas Casino Chips
Custom Tokens Drink
Chips
Poker Resources
Why Cheap Poker Chips Suck
Old
BPC Navigation
Our 4 Poker Chip Lines
InPlay Clay
Poker Chips
Archetype Casino Chips
Modern Clay Poker Chips
Poker Chip Samples
Poker Cards
Poker Tables &
Supplies
Poker Books & Videos
Poker Accessories
Pro Poker Player
Bios
Poker Resources
Poker Terms
World Poker Tour Rules
Rank of Poker Hands
Texas Holdem Rules
Poker Strategy
Poker Links
Poker Blogs
Our Friends
SUP boards
Direct to Consumer Brands
Email Exclusives
Special
offers and discounts
BuyPokerChips.com Privacy Policy
Your privacy and the privacy of all users of BuyPokerChips.com is important
to us. Accordingly, we have adopted the following privacy policy.
Our policy is based on the principles of notice, choice, access and security
in the collection and use of all information regarding our users and their activities
at our site. Please review this policy each time you use the site as it is subject
to change at any time by Sidepot.com without notice to you.
Notice
This policy tells you among other things what information we gather from you,
how we may use or disclose that information, and our efforts to protect it.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an
order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication
such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address,
mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill
the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not
used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather
information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the
"Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how
we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products,
enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication,
surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type
of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service
requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic
e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us,
please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you
have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail
newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or
participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only'
content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail
list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Sidepot Gaming Company. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to
us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this
page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of
the change. This policy was last modified on May 3rd, 2017.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website
and not to information collected offline.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Online
Poker Rooms
Bovada Online
Gaming
Try New Casinos
High-end Poker Tables
Stine Game
Tables
Poker Accessories
BlackAce Poker
T-Shirts
Poker Related
>>
Poker Chips Value
see
your company here
Over
25,000
Satisfied Customers!
"This is the way internet
business should be."
-James Merriwether
South Bay, FL
"I placed a very complicated
order with different quantities of each chip in the
line. I promptly received exactly what I ordered.
Oh yeah, the chips are awesome!"
- Alan Campbell
Brookline, MA
Read
testimonials from hundreds of other satisfied customers!
Shop with Confidence
Secure Shopping
100% Guarantee
Easy Returns
Free Exchanges
Privacy Policy
Orders Ship Weekly on Tuesdays
No Sales Tax (Except in California)
Secure 24-hour Online Ordering
International Store
Click here for contact information
Where's My Order Order Status Questions About My Order
Helpful Information
Learn about Poker Chips
Chip Comparisons
Business Resources
Advertising Inquiries
SUP
Stand Up Paddle
Boards
Unique Poker Resources
Select Poker Resource
Poker Resources Index
Vegas Chip Image Index
Clay Chip Design Tool
Ceramic Chip Design
Poker Chip Care
Poker Blogs
Poker Links
Poker Strategy
Poker Terms
WPT Rules
Poker Hand Rankings
Texas Holdem Rules
About Us  |
Privacy Policy |
Return
Policy |
Site Map |
Links |
Press
|
Contact Us |
Link to Us
BuyPokerChips.com: A Sidepot Gaming Company
Online Marketing Consulting
Expertise by iCondottaBuilt with Volusion
Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.