https://www.gowinamerica.com/privacypolicy.htm
Privacy Policy
1. General Statement
GoWin! Software fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to GoWin! Software will be treated with the appropriate standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the law.
2. Collection and Use of Personal Information
GoWin! Software does not collect any personal data about you, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by visiting our websites, by e-mailing us, by downloading a product from us, or by registering a product with us, or by using our online feedback form).
Please note that we do not collect sensitive financial information from you such as details regarding your credit card or your bank account. However, this information may be retained by the payment processor or by the bank as a record of any transaction.
Information which you provide is used by us only in line with the purpose for which you provided it and will not be made available to third parties. This information can consist of basic identification details such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number or date of birth.
Technical information automatically logged or voluntarily provided by you, such as IP, operating system type or certain hardware details may be collected and will be used only for statistical and administrative purposes.
3. Cookies
It is possible on certain pages to use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit them.
These companies may use data (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Our websites may use cookies from time to time. The information collected through cookies will only be used for analytical purposes and will be limited to the minimum necessary to perform the analysis.
If you do not want to allow cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies. However, rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use of some of the products and/or services.
4. Disclosure Policy
We will not disclose voluntarily provided details to third parties or use the information in any other way without your prior consent, unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law.
5. Third Party Websites
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites accessible from our websites via external links.
6. Policy Changes
This privacy policy may change at any time, so you may wish to check it each time you visit our websites or use one of our products.