http://www.casinoqueen.com/privacy-policy/?fromLocation=global
Casino Queen
St. Louis
Marquette
Privacy Policy
Introduction
In order to address our patrons and visitors privacy concerns, CASINO QUEEN has instituted this privacy policy. The policy focuses on CASINO QUEEN'S commitment to fair information collections practices and the protection of privacy. Please be advised that use of this Site signifies your consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. If you do not wish to give your consent, please exit from this Site. This Site is maintained for the patrons and visitors of CASINO QUEEN.
Application Of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to any or all web sites owned or operated by CASINO QUEEN. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by CASINO QUEEN by means other than through CASINO QUEEN web site('s). Certain transactions and services offered while visiting CASINO QUEEN web sites may be processed or provided by third parties under contract with CASINO QUEEN even though it appears that you may not have left the CASINO QUEEN web site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties under contract with CASINO QUEEN, except that CASINO QUEEN will treat information it receives about you from these third parties under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Website, contact:
CASINO QUEEN, INC.INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEPARTENT200 SOUTH FRONT STREETEAST ST. LOUIS, ILLINOIS 62201(618) 874-5000
General Information
When you use the Internet, your web browser or client software may transmit certain information to the servers that host the web sites you visit. The information may include the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection, the capabilities and features of your computer, your geographic location, and your movement within and interaction with the web site, including what pages you look at and what information you download. When you visit CASINO QUEEN, INC. web sites, our servers collect such information. CASINO QUEEN, INC. then uses this information to generate various statistical compilations about patrons or visitors to CASINO QUEEN, INC. web sites.
CASINO QUEEN will automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our site, including but not limited to the following: (i) IP address, (ii) domain server, (iii) type of computer, (iv) type of Web browser and miscellaneous data which is anonymous information that does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the site.
Personal Information
In order for you to participate or access certain Queen's Club services or other promotions that CASINO QUEEN offers periodically via its site, we require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing, and e-mail addresses), (ii) Financial Data (such as your Queen's Club account number), and (iii) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age, and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages on CASINO QUEEN site, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal nformation.
Cookies
CASINO QUEEN'S site(s) use(s) cookie technology. A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a web site that is saved on your hard disk or hard drive by your computer's browser. Cookies store information that a web site may need to personalize your experience and to gather web site statistical data, such as which pages you visit, what material you download, your internet provider's domain name and country, and the addresses of web sites you visited immediately before, and after, visiting a particular web site.
CASINO QUEEN'S site(s) use(s) cookies to collect and store your preferences for viewing our site(s). In addition, CASINO QUEEN'S site(s) use(s) cookies to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding usage of our site, such as the percentage of repeat visitors and other general statistics. The unique identifiers are not matched with any personal information. Moreover, cookies used by CASINO QUEEN do not store any Personal Information about you.
To browse the Internet and this site without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when each cookie is offered so that you can accept or reject each cookie. You may not be able to conduct some transactions or use some services on this sites if you disable your browser from accepting cookies.
Uses For Collected Information
CASINO QUEEN'S collecting of General, Personal or Other Information is to provide you, the user, with the most personalized Web experience possible and our company with an effective means to reach the right audience. CASINO QUEEN may use the information collected by us or third parties that contract with us for all of the following reasons: (1) for marketing purposes, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events; (2) to process and fulfill reservations and make a record of reservations; (3) to process and fulfill purchases and make a record of purchases; (4) to enable us to contact you for confirmation or customer service after reservations and purchases are made or after you sign up for or participate in certain activities; (5) to respond to inquiries, complaints and other communications; (6) to cross-reference with other Personal Information that we have acquired about you or may acquire about you through other sources; and (7) for profiling or demographic purposes.
Disclosure Of Information We Collect
Except as provided below, CASINO QUEEN will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties, other than those that contract with us, any Personal Information obtained through CASINO QUEEN Web Site(s) or obtained from third parties that contract with us, without your consent. CASINO QUEEN may disclose Personal Information: (1) to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process; (2) to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; (3) to protect and defend CASINO QUEEN, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and all of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute; (4) to enforce the terms of use of this site; (5) to prevent imminent physical harm; (6) to businesses that CASINO QUEEN may use for purposes of performing functions on behalf of CASINO QUEEN, such as companies that process credit card transactions; and (7) in connection with the sale, assignment, or transfer of CASINO QUEEN property or this web site.
User Choice Regarding Collection, Use And Distribution Of Personal Information
General information is collected whenever you browse our sites. CASINO QUEEN'S site does not provide any means for opting out of providing general information when you browse this site. However, privacy software that prevents the disclosure of general information is commercially available.
You can browse much of this site without providing any Personal Information. However, providing Personal Information is required to use most of our services offered through this site, including, but not limited to, making restaurant or hotel reservations, making purchases or participating in periodic promotions or other special events.
CASINO QUEEN may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information, that we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided. If you do not wish to receive future e-mail offers, you can choose to opt-out.
Access
The General, Personal or Other Information collected through this site or provided by third parties who contract with us is not currently accessible to you, except that confirmation is provided for some transactions and services, such as reservations and purchases. In order to ensure that all of your Personal Information is correct and up to date, you will, in the near future, be able to visit Edit My Profile. Here, you will be able to: a) review and update your Personal Information that we have already collected; (b) choose whether or not you wish us to send you information about our Company, or promotional material from some of our owned or operated properties or our strategic alliance partners; or (c) choose whether or not you wish us to share some of your Personal Information with third parties.
Lost Or Stolen Information
You must promptly notify us if your Queen's Club card, user name, or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event, we will cancel that Queen's Club card, user name or password and update our records accordingly.
Other Limits To Your Privacy
The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should use caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
Security
General information and Personal Information collected by CASINO QUEEN'S site is stored on secure servers. The secure servers are protected by firewalls and other standard security procedures. The secure servers are not generally accessible by unauthorized third parties, but may become accessible in the event of a security breach.
Changes To Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Age Restrictions And The Children's Online Privacy Protections Act
Pursuant to law, persons under the age of twenty-one (21) are not permitted to gamble in casinos and are not permitted in the gaming areas of CASINO QUEEN. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Act and the regulations promulgated by the Federal Communication Commission, persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to use our Site, accept offers, or win contests, and we do not collect information from such persons. We reserve the right to verify age at any time for any reason and may reject a person who does not have valid age identification at any time while conducting business at CASINO QUEEN.
Casino Queen
East Riverfront St. Louis200 South Front StreetEast St. Louis, IL 622011-800-777-0777
Marquette100 Anti MonopolyMarquette, IA, 521581-800-496-8238
Where Loose Means Rewards
Get your FREE Queen’s Club card!
St. Louis
Marquette
DraftKings at Casino Queen
200 South Front Street
East St. Louis, Illinois 62201
Casino Queen Marquette
100 Anti Monopoly
Marquette, Iowa 52158
Copyright© 2020 Casino Queen
Destinations
Responsible Gaming
Privacy Policy
Site Map