http://www.tamriel-rebuilt.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
This Privacy Policy applies to the website operating under https://www.tamriel-rebuilt.org and its backup domain https://www.tamrielrebuilt.org (“the website”) as operated by the Tamriel Rebuilt administration ("us", "we", or "our"), a legal entity only in the sense of being an association of people, and informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve our website. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy by confirming the Privacy notification popup and/or registering an account, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Information Collection and Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our website. Types of Data Collected Account and Profile Data When registering an account on our website, we ask for a username (the use of a real name is neither enforced nor encouraged) and an email address in order to verify your account. Usage Data We automatically record IP addresses of any and all access to restricted sections of our website in order to block bots and crawlers. All addresses that do not result in an automated block are deleted within 24 hours. We also automatically keep track of your IP Address when you are using a registered account to submit content to our website. Website Cookies Like most websites, Tamriel Rebuilt uses cookies to store information about activity on our website. Cookies are small data files which include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from our website and stored on your device (computer, smart phone, tablet, or similar). We use these to remember when your device accessed our website. We do not track or log the creation and content of cookies. Cookies sent by us are used for the following purpose:
Authentication Cookies - To ensure that you can log in and use personalised services, until you log out or clear your cookies. Preference Cookies - To remember your preferences, previously visited content, and various settings. Security Cookies  - To check and prevent exploits, which might result in the impersonation of your registered account.
You can disallow Tamriel Rebuilt from servicing you cookies, but certain services will not be available. Website Log Data Due to technical reasons, especially the guarantee of a secure and stable website, your internet browser will send data to us and our hosting provider. This data is stored in visitor log files on the hosting server. These log files may include personal data in the form of a single line, containing an IP address, the URI requested, and any parameters passed to the URI. Log files are stored for 14 days, and used only for site diagnostics. No log files are shared with any other parties. Once deleted, log files are not recoverable. Use of Data Tamriel Rebuilt uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the website To notify you about changes to our website To allow you to participate in interactive features of our website when you choose to do so To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Data Legal Requirements We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of Tamriel Rebuilt To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our website To protect the personal safety of users of our website or the public To protect against legal liability
Security of Data The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our website ("Service Providers"), to perform website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our website is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Third Parties We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website:
Amazon Web Services Our website is hosted on AWS (Amazon Web Services). For more information on the privacy practicates of AWS, please visit the AWS privacy web page: https://aws.amazon.com/de/compliance/data-privacy-faq/ and its privacy certificate: https://aws.amazon.com/de/compliance/eu-us-privacy-shield-faq/
Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This data is shared with other Google services and may be used by Google to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt out of having your activity on our website made available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy and its privacy certificate: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google Recaptcha Used to help prevent bots and malicious users from registering an account at the site. As with Google Analytics, for more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy and its privacy certificate: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google Fonts Google Fonts is a collection of libre licensed fonts. We load Google Fonts in our CSS (Cascading Style Sheet) settings to enable an additional font. As with Google Analytics, for more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy and its privacy certificate: https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Activeore information on the privacy practices of font awesome, please visit their Privacy web page: https://fontawesome.com/privacy
Font Awesome Font Awesome is a font and icon toolkit. We load Font Awesome in our CSS (Cascading Style Sheet) settings to enable additional symbol images. For more information on the privacy practices of Font Awesome, please visit their Privacy web page: https://fontawesome.com/privacy
Stop Forum Spam Stop Forum Spam is a free service that records reports of spam on forums, blogs, wikis, and websites. All these records are made available to search and view but most importantly, to access in an automated way to block suspected spammers. When registering an account on our website, your email address and IP are checked against Stop Forum Spam’s database. Should we deem your account an automated spambot and report it to Stop Forum Spam, your email address and username will be reported as well and is as of them subject to stop Forum Spam's terms of use. For more information on the privacy practices of Stop Forum Spam, please visit their Privacy web page: https://www.stopforumspam.com/gdpr
Links to other Sites Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy If you are under the age of 13, please do not use or access our website at any time or in any manner. Tamriel Rebuilt does not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Data from persons under 13 years of age. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has registered a Tamriel Rebuilt account, please contact us via the email address supplied at the bottom of this page to have this child's account terminated and Personal Data deleted. Access to your Personal Data Our registered users are entitled to view, amend, or delete the Personal Data that we hold. In order to view or amend your Personal Data, please contact us via the email address supplied at the bottom of this page. If you want to delete your user account, please choose "Cancel Account" in your profile page. Your submitted content will be stripped of your personal data and your account will be deleted. Once deleted, an account is not recoverable. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and, if the changes are significant, will provide a more prominent notification on the website. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Policy, you will need to stop using our website and delete your account, should one exist, as outlined above. Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email: tamriel(dash)rebuilt(at)gmail(dot)com.
Last updated on December 17, 2018.