http://www.showdog.com/general/terms_and_conditions.aspx
Show Results |
Dogs for Sale |
Tools & Stats
Sign Up | Help | Contact Us
Thursday, December 10, 2020, 11:51:16 PM
Password :
Forgot your password?
Username or E-mail :
Keep
me logged in
SIGN UPView My Info Page
$--
BALANCE
--TOTAL DOGS
My Kennel
Inbox
Quick SOP
Sessions
Assistants
My Entries
My Results
Community
Forum
My Posts
Latest Topics
Chat Room
User List
Shows
Schedule
Obedience
Top Kennels
Top Dogs
Market Place
Dogs for Sale
Stud Dogs
Information
Breeds
Terms and Conditions
.com · Terms and Conditions
Forum
We do not vouch for, warrant or take responsibility for the accuracy,
completeness or usefulness of any message. The messages express the
views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of the
Message Forums or any entity associated with the Message Forums. Any
user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to
contact us immediately by email, where we will endeavor to remove the
message(s) in question within a reasonable time frame, if we determine
that removal is necessary.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this
bulletin board to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory,
inaccurate, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, threatening, invasive
of a person's privacy, or otherwise violate of any law. You agree not to post
any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or this site.
Although the Message Forums does not and cannot review the messages posted and
is not responsible for the content of any of these messages, we reserve the
right to delete any message for any or no reason whatsoever. You remain solely
responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and
hold us harmless with respect to any claim based upon transmission of your
message(s). We also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever
information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action
arising from any message posted by you. Please note that advertisements, chain
letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are inappropriate on this forum.
Pictures
By using custom pictures for your animals or custom pictures for your
user information page, you accept responsibility for ensuring that the content
of the pictures does not contain objectionable or obscene material.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is
owned by you or this site.  We reserve the right to update and or
remove any picture that we feel is not appropriate for this site at our
sole discretion.  We reserve the right to refuse access to this
site for anybody who violates these restrictions.
We do not accept responsibility for the pictures our users choose to
submit for their dog pictures or on their kennel slogan pages.  If
you find a picture with objectionable content or an image being used
without your consent, please e-mail
admin@.com and we will remove the picture immediately.
If you send pictures in to .com or Third Row Productions, LLC
you convey all copyrights and unlimited permission to use the picture to
Third Row Productions, LLC.
Users posting pictures on their kennel slogans and/or dog information
pages warrant that they own the content posted and that posting of the
content does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights,
copyrights, contract rights, or any other rights of any entity.
Users agree to pay all royalties, fees, and legal costs associated with
pictures posted on their kennel slogans and dog information pages.
Advertising
Advertising other websites in the .com forums is not permitted without the prior
written consent of Third Row Productions, LLC.
Hyperlinking Policy
As a convenience to you, .com may provide, on this site, links
to web sites operated by other entities. If you use these sites, you
will leave this site. If you decide to visit any linked site, you do so
at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective
measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements.
.com makes no warranty or representation regarding, and does not
endorse, any linked Web sites or the information appearing thereon or
any of the products or services described thereon. Links do not imply
that .com or this site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or
associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade
name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or accessible through the
links, or that any linked site is authorized to use any trademark, trade
name, logo or copyright symbol of .com.
Banning Policy
From time to time users are found to be in violation of the basic
rules of this simulation.
We do not send refunds for accounts caught cheating
multiple times.
Use of Scripts
The use of any scripts outside of the Showodg.com website written in
PERL, Javascript, CGI, PHP, ASP, or any other programming language on
this site is strictly prohibited. Any such use will constitute in the
offender's account(s) being immediately shut down, and the offender will
be banned from all further use of .com.
Site Bugs
By using .com, you agree to report any bugs to us via the
"Contact Us" link on the website, the Bugs and Suggestions forum, or by
e-mailing admin@.com.
Any user found abusing a bug within the site to gain an advantage will
immediately have their account(s) shut down for investigation and
possibly banned.
User Tracking
You agree to allow .com to collect your IP address and time of
login or visit any page of this website. You agree to allow .com
to place cookies in your computer. IP logging and cookie placement are
merely done to prevent fraud within the simulation and to enhance your
use of this website.
Subscription Renewals and Cancellations
For your convenience, subscriptions setup through the Paypal system
automatically renew -- and your credit card is automatically charged --
at the end of the term. Subscribers must cancel subscriptions prior to
renewal or their accounts will automatically be extended for another
period. It is up to the user to cancel his or her account using the
cancellation link. You will continue to have access to premium areas
until the term of your subscription has expired. At the end of the
subscription term, your login account will be terminated and you will
NOT be billed for a new subscription.
.com does not refund for unused portions of subscriptions or
subscriptions that were not cancelled prior to the renewal date. When
you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access until the
end of your current subscription term.
Governing Law
This Agreement, and the rights
of the parties hereto, shall be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas as such laws apply to
agreements among Texas residents made and to be performed entirely
within the State of Texas. Any action in respect of, or concerning, this
agreement shall be litigated solely in Bexar County, Texas, and
all
users of this site
consent to jurisdiction of the person and venue solely in Bexar County,
Texas.
Limitation of Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL .COM, THIRD ROW PRODUCTIONS, LLC OR ANY OF
ITS SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE TO ANY ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION OR PROGRAMS
OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM) THAT ARE RELATED TO
THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT, MATERIALS, AND
FUNCTIONS OF THE SITE OR ANY LINKED WEBSITE, EVEN IF SHOWDOG.COM IS
EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
.com · Terms and Conditions
Did you know?
Additional points may be awarded to the Best of Winners, or a class dog that goes Best of Breed or Best of Opposite Sex, again depending on the number of dogs competing
Our Games
Showcats.com
Showcattle.com
Showgoat.com
Showhog.com
Showhorse.com
Showlamb.com
Showrabbits.com
Trophyhorse.com
Showdog.com
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Get in Touch
Showdog.com
P.O. Box 913
Spring Branch, TX
78070
Phone: 210.380.7459This is a game.The dogs are not real.
Copyright © 2013
Third Row Productions, LLC.