https://www.kaoori.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Welcome to the Kaoori Privacy Policy.
Introduction
We are committed to protecting and respecting personal data and privacy of our Users. This privacy policy explains the types of personal data we may collect when you interact with us, and how we will store and protect that data.
By visiting our Site you are accepting to the practices described in this notice.
Kaoori can modify Privacy Policy any time. We will notify you of any changes occur to the following Privacy Policy by email (the email address entered by You during registration on the Website).By continuing to use the Website and/or making an Order after changes of Privacy Policy You agree to accept such changes.
You can find latest updates of our Privacy Policy at any time on the bottom of the Website in the ‘Privacy Policy’ section.
Who we are and how to contact us
In this notice, ‘we’ and ‘us’ refers to Kaoori Ltd and ‘Website’ refers to kaoori.co.uk.
Our address is:
You can contact us directly with any privacy-related queries or complaints at: contact@kaoori.co.uk
In case you would like not to receive any of our marketing messages  regarding promotions and articles just push the “Unsubscribe” button links on any email sent to you and/or contact us at any time by emailing: contact@kaoori.co.uk
What personal data we collect
Personal data is information relating to an identified or identifiable person.
Below you can find all the personal data that we collect:
Identity Data – Your full name, your signature (when you sign for an order or to confirm collection of a return)
Contact Data – Your home address, shipping address, billing address, email address and telephone numbers
Financial Data – Your bank account and payment card details, including your bank account number, sort code, IBAN, BIC, and bank address. Payment card details will be collected directly by our Payment Processor and we won’t receive them. However, in certain limited cases, we may receive bank account details in the context of administering refunds.
Social Media Data – The profile picture, email address and first and last name associated with your social media profile.
Marketing and Communications Data – Your preferences concerning receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
Behavioural Data – Inferred or assumed information relating to your behaviour and interests, based on your online activity.
Technical Data – Internet protocol (IP) address, data about log-ins (e.g., the time when a log-in occurs), browser type and version, time zone setting and city-level location (inferred from your IP address), browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or use our services.
How we use your personal data
To provide services
Manage orders and returns (including making payments and refunds through our payment processor)
Pass your address information to brands to deliver your order
Provide customer support
Set and manage your account
To check insights
Monitor user journey in the Website to detect existing problems and improve quality of the service
Calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature
Track technical issues that might be occur
To protect the security of the Website
Make sure every user follows our Terms and Conditions
Protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others
Protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorised, unethical or illegal activity
Our data retention policy is dictated by data protection laws and we will not keep your data for longer than is necessary.
Your rights regarding your personal data
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
Have an access to your personal data that we possess
Apply for correction of information, in case there are any mistakes or inaccuracies
Apply to delete your information
Restrict the processing of your data
Apply to delete from marketing emails
Third party service providers and your personal information
Here are mentioned several cases when we disclose your personal information permitted by law to use third party service providers to supply and support our business services, such as:
Brands to deliver your products
Analytical service providers
Couriers and warehousing.
Advertising technology providers
Our payment processors
Our Hosting Provider
How we use cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but your browser’s settings can be altered to prevent this. You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings.
We may use following types of cookies to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Website:
Session cookies
Persistent cookies
Essential cookies
Functionality cookies
Analytics and Performance cookies
Targeted and advertising cookies
Social Media cookies
Flash cookies
Pixel tags
How we keep your personal data secured
For us your security stands on top, so we take all security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.
We are committed to only keeping your Personal Data for the time we reasonably need to use it for the purposes mentioned above, except of the cases when we get a request from you to delete your information.
Search
Menu
Categories
Set your categories menu in Theme Settings -> Header -> Menu -> Mobile menu (categories)
Home
Chess Sets
Chess Boards
Chess Clocks
Chess Pieces
Chess Books
Chess Accessories
Backgammon
£ Sale
Wishlist
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close