https://www.pgbingo.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
When you use this site, this is subject to the privacy policy presented. On every visit to the site, you will be automatically accepting the privacy policy. If you do not agree with any aspect of the privacy policy then we recommend that you cease using the site. Changes to the privacy policy can occur as swiftly as is deemed necessary. We reserve the right to make sudden changes to the privacy when appropriate. You need to take responsibility for checking the latest version of the privacy policy.
We treat all of your information confidentially, not divulging it to third parties without your permission. We will not sell on your information third parties for the purpose of profiteering. Your information will be used to provide us with important statistical information to be used in improving the site.
Cookies are created on your browsing device and saved there when you visit websites. Our site is one that uses cookies to enhance your overall experience. Should you be unwilling to accept cookies, you need to ensure that these are rejected by your browsing device. We cannot be blamed for changes that you should have made to your browser settings. By not accepting cookies, you may be compromising your experience of our site.
The internet is a medium where hackers and individual engaging in virtual piracy may try to illegal access or acquire your information. We endeavour to uphold high levels of security at all time. However, we cannot prevent all intrusions, unpermitted access or errors from determined and IT-savvy individuals. We consider these instances to fall outside the bounds of our ‘reasonable control’.
In the event that are bound by law to do so, we will legally disclose information to the authorities. We will also make disclosures to ensure that our intellectual property, users and employees are protected.
Top Bingo TipsPlay Bingo for Real Money
Low Wagering Requirements
Instant Win Bingo
£5 Deposit Bingo Sites
Penny Bingo Games
Best New Bingo Site
Payment OptionsPayPal Bingo Sites
Paysafecard Bingo Sites
Phone Bill Bingo Payments
Networks & SoftwareDragonfish Bingo Sites
Wheel of Slots Network
Probability PLC Network
Mobile BingoMobile Bingo 101
Android Bingo
iPhone Bingo
iPad Bingo
Latest News
Bingo Crazy Review
Playtech’s Latest Slot Boosts RTP
Pretty Slots
Amigo Slots Review
Madam Riches Review