https://www.alderac.com/aeg-home/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Alderac Entertainment Group (“AEG”), including alderac.com, alderac.com, alderacshop.com and alderacforums.com (“our services”). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by these websites. It does not apply to information collected on Kickstarter, BackerKit, MailChimp, SurveyMonkey or any other third party tool or site that AEG may link to or use.
This policy will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information We Collect
Information you provide by completing forms on our services — your name, email and postal addresses, telephone number, country of residence, login, and password details. We may ask for this information if you register as a user of our services, subscribe to our newsletters, upload or submit content through our services, or if you contact us;
Details of any requests or transactions you make through our services. AEG partners with other companies (such as Stripe, PayPal, Square, Authorize.net) for payment processing, and the payment information you submit is collected and used by them in accordance with their privacy policies. AEG doesn’t store your payment information, all payment information is kept within the systems of our payment processing providers;
Information about your activity on and interaction with our services, such as your IP address, the type of device or browser you use, and your actions when you use our services;
Information about the ways people visit and interact with our services, in the form of traffic analytics. You can opt out of being included in Google Analytics here.
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem);
Our services may collect tracking information from cookies and URL parameters, and information provided by your browser about your software and hardware.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you, or which you provide to a 3rd party which is provided to us (such as Kickstarter). We may sell or rent this information at our discretion.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
AEG uses numerous third party services in conjunction with our services. These third party services have their own independent privacy polices and data management policies.  These include:
BigCommerce, provides our online store, stores payment information, email addresses, real names, billing addresses, shipping addresses, and order histories.
MailChimp, provides our mass email services and our user database, stores information about emails sent & received, manages opt-in and opt-out status for mass email campaigns.
ZenDesk, provides our ticket system for managing formal communications to our contact email addresses.
Kickstarter, provides a platform for crowdfunding.
Prosperworks, provides a CRM service we use for maintaining some of our contacts and interactions with 3rd parties.
BackerKit, provides Pledge Management and Late Pledge ordering services for online sales and fulfillment of Kickstarter Rewards.
Crowdox, provides Pledge Management and Late Pledge ordering services for online sales and fulfillment of Kickstarter Rewards.
When we share data with third-party services that support our services, we require that they use your information only for the purposes we’ve authorized, and that they protect your personal information at least to the same standards we do.
Control Of Your Information
On your request we will remove from our system your real name, mailing address, and other contact information except your email address. You may request that we do not send you email, or physical mail. We reserve the right retain your real name and mailing address information if you have placed an order with our online store or with Kickstarter or with BackerKit in relation to any of our projects hosted on that site, to continue to contact you via email for matters related to purchases you have made from us including online store orders and Kickstarter Rewards even if you have asked us not to send you email or surface mail.
To notify us that you wish to exercise your right to control the information we maintain about you please email customerservice@alderac.com.
European Union Users
Data protection law in Europe requires a “lawful basis” for collecting and retaining personal information from citizens or residents of the European Economic Area. Our lawful basis include:
Performing the contract we have with you: In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligation to deliver our services.
Legal compliance: Sometimes the law says we need to collect and use your data. For example, tax laws require us to retain records of payments made through our services.
Legitimate interests: This is a technical term in data protection law which essentially means we have a good and fair reason to use your data and we do so in ways which do not hurt your interests and rights. We sometimes require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way that might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and that does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.For example, we use identity, device, and location information to prevent fraud and abuse and to keep our services secure. We may also send you promotional communications about our services, subject to your right to control whether we do so.We analyze how users interact with our services so we can understand better what elements of the design are working well and which are not working so well. This allows us to improve and develop the quality of the online experience we offer all our users.
Cookie Policies
How do we use cookies on this site?
We use files known as cookies on our sites to improve their performance and to enhance your user experience. By using our sites you agree that we can place these types of files on your device.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that a website may put on your computer, or mobile device, when you first visit that site or one of its pages.
There are many functions that a cookie can serve. For example, a cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognize your device the next time you visit it. AEG uses the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
Certain cookies contain personal information – for example, if you click on “remember me” when logging on, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies will not collect information that identifies you, but will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our sites, or a user’s general location.
What sort of cookies do our sites use?
Cookies can perform several different functions:
1. Necessary Cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our sites. These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for.
2. Performance Cookies
These cookies may collect anonymous information on the pages visited. For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages.
3. Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.
AEG may also allow third parties to serve cookies that fall into any of the categories above. For example, like many sites, we may use Google Analytics to help us monitor our website traffic.
Can a user block cookies?
To find out how to manage which cookies you allow, see your browser’s help section or your mobile device manual – or you can visit one of the sites below, which have detailed information on how to manage, control or delete cookies.
www.aboutcookies.org
www.allaboutcookies.org
Please remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections of our sites do not work properly.
Cookies on our sites from social networking sites
Our sites may have links to social networking websites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter or YouTube). These websites may also place cookies on your device and AEG does not control how they use their cookies, therefore AEG suggests you check their website(s) to see how they are using cookies.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
AEG does not maintain a database of payment information, that information is controlled by the third party providers we use and is not accessible to AEG.
AEG does not maintain a database of passwords for consumer-facing services such as online sales, that information is controlled by the third party providers we use and is not accessible to AEG.
Retention
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with our services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect AEG’s legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our services, improve our services or comply with legal obligations.
Data Protection Officer
To contact our Data Protection Officer, please email customerservice@alderac.com.
You can contact us in writing at:
Alderac Entertainment Group, Inc.
2505 Anthem Village Drive
Suite E521
Henderson, NV 889052
USA
Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, if you are a citizen or resident of the European Economic Area, you also have the right to (i) object to AEG’s use of your personal information and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Children
People under 13 are not permitted to use our services on their own. AEG does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 and children under 13 are not permitted to register for an account or use our services.
If you believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at customerservice@alderac.com. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we’ll delete it.
Changes to this Policy
AEG reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time, for any reason.
This Policy was last updated 12 July 2020.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at customerservice@alderac.com.
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
2017-11-22
© 2017 Alderac Entertainment Group, Inc.
We use cookies, just to track visits to our website, we store no personal details.Accept Cookie PoliciesRead more