http://www.metroid.com/privacy-policy
Metroid: Samus Returns
Available now
Buy download
Eligible for up to
points
one of the best Metroid games ever made. 9/10- EGM
excellent 9/10- GameSpot
a worthy sequel. 9.75/10- Game Informer
A classic Metroid adventure returns, rebuilt from the ground up!
Brave the hostile terrain of an alien planet teeming with vicious life forms as legendary bounty hunter Samus Aran. Her mission? Terminate the Metroid menace in this masterful reimagining of her 1991 Game Boy™ adventure. Samus Aran's arsenal has been enhanced with new moves and abilities that are sure to help her face the deadly surprises that await. This intense, side-scrolling action platformer is a great entry point into the Metroid franchise and perfect for returning fans as well, and it's available only on the Nintendo 3DS family of systems.
Features:
This intense, side-scrolling action platformer has been completely remade with engaging and immersive 3D visuals and a rich, atmospheric color palette.
Classic Metroid II: Return of Samus gameplay is joined by a wealth of new content, including a set of brand new abilities that utilizes a mysterious energy resource called "Aeion," a powerful melee counterattack, and 360-degree Free Aim Mode.
There are plenty of secrets to find—and if you uncover enough of them, you may even start to unravel the mystery of Planet SR388's past.
Two new amiibo™ figures*—Samus Aran and Metroid—will be released as a set alongside the game. This game is also compatible with the Zero Suit Samus and Samus amiibo from the Super Smash Bros. series. Functionality details will be revealed at a later date.
While supplies last, fans will be able to purchase a special edition of the game, which includes a physical copy of the game, a sound-selection CD featuring 25 tracks from across the Metroid franchise, and a reversible title-sheet insert for the game case.
Read more
Release date:
Sep 15, 2017
Players:
1 player
Genre:
Action,
Platformer
Publisher:
Nintendo
Developer:
MercurySteam Entertainment / Nintendo
Game file size:
5452 Blocks
ESRB Rating:
Animated Blood,
Fantasy Violence,
Mild Suggestive Themes
*MSRP: Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price. Actual price may vary. See retailer for details.
*To enjoy the 3D effect of Nintendo 3DS software, you must experience it from the system itself. All screenshots and videos on this website have been captured in 2D mode.
Use Parental Controls to restrict 3D mode for children 6 and under.
*amiibo sold separately. Figures shown not actual size. Software updates may be required. Visit amiibo.com for details on amiibo functionality.
© 2017 Nintendo. Metroid and Nintendo 3DS are trademarks of Nintendo.