http://www.lorientrust.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyLeren2020-01-28T18:11:26+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: November 2012
Who are we?
We are Merlinroute Ltd t/a Lorien Trust. We are registered in the England & Wales under company number 03029544. Our registered office is as follows.
Clarendon,
Chesterfield Road,
Oakerthorpe,
Derbyshire,
DE55 7LN
We own and operate this website.
Our contact details are in the “contact us” section on our site. Please get in touch if you have any questions or feedback about this policy. We’d be delighted to help.
Data Protection Act 1998.
Merlinroute Ltd t/a Lorien Trust is registered with the Information Commissioners Office in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Our Data Controller is Merlinroute LTD and our registrar entry is Z5516132.
What’s the point of this policy?
The idea is that we tell you how we deal your “personal data”. (This is the technical term for information about any identified or identifiable living person). Please read on to find out what kind of personal data we collect, how we use and protect it, to whom we disclose it and how you can access and rectify it.
Please don’t use our site unless you are completely happy with this policy. If you do use our site, we’ll assume that you do accept it.
Might the policy change?
It may well do and so you should check it whenever you visit our site. We’ll assume you agree to the revised policy if you use the site after the effective date shown at the top of the policy.
What personal or other data do we collect?
We collect and store the information which you give us via forms on our site – such as your name, contact details and the information we request if you are registering for one of our events – or when communicating with us by email or in some other way.
We may receive and store certain information automatically when you interact with us. Examples include the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, connection information such as browser type and version, your operating system and platform, a unique reference number linked to the data you enter on our system, login details, the full URL clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), cookie number, activity on our website including the pages you visited and searches you made.
What about cookies?
Like many websites we use cookies (or may do so in future). A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive so that the site can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. Cookies cannot read your hard drive.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site. We use session cookies to recognise you within each session on our website.
Persistent cookies stay in the cookie file of your browser for longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). We use persistent cookies to recognize you when you return to the website and to provide us with web statistics relating to use of our website.
Usually you can modify the settings of your browser to accept or reject all cookies or be notified when a cookie is set. For further information on cookies and cookie settings, including how to delete cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. You can continue to use our site if you reject cookies but its functionality may be limited.
As do many other sites, we use third party advertisers and/or internet advertising companies working for them to fill ad space on our site (or may do so in future). These third parties may use cookies and other similar technologies (known as action tags, single pixel gifs and web beacons) to assess information about your visits to this and other sites. This is so they can track the effectiveness of their campaigns (including whether these ads are clicked on or viewed by users and later purchases by such users), avoid showing you the same ad repeatedly and display ads on this and other sites tailored to your preferences. We don’t have any access to or control over these third party technologies and they aren’t covered by this policy. If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain of these companies, please click here. Please contact the third parties directly for more information about their privacy practices.
How do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data to provide our goods and services e.g. send service messages, process payments, administer or events and/or fulfill orders for goods.
We use your personal data to help us communicate with you effectively should you try to contact us via our site including verification of any claims you may make.
If you have agreed on our site, we may use your personal data to send you emails (or other communications) with details of our or third party goods or services which may be of interest to you including information about special offers or promotions.
We may use cookies, IP addresses or personal data to recognize you when you visit or return to our site so we can show you ads or other content tailored to your preferences, to track anonymised traffic and usage patterns, to prevent or detect fraud or abuses or to help us improve our site.
We retain personal data from closed accounts in order to comply with legal obligations, enforce our terms and conditions, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations and take other actions as permitted by law.
We may access, remove, alter or store or otherwise use any personal data if we think you have or may have breached our terms and conditions or to enforce our rights or protect the public or where if we are required to do so by law or appropriate authority.
How do we protect personal data?
Security is a high priority. We take appropriate precautions to protect personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction using the same safeguards as we use for our own proprietary information.
Don’t forget that email and other electronic communications are not secure if they haven’t been encrypted. Your communications may pass through servers in a number of countries before they reach us. So we don’t accept responsibility for any unauthorised access to or loss of personal data that stems from a cause beyond our control. Nor can we be held responsible for the actions or omissions of other users or third parties who may misuse your personal data which they collect from the site.
To whom do we disclose personal data?
Payment details including credit card numbers are supplied direct to our banking partner mentioned on our site. We don’t receive or store such information.
We may allow access to your personal data by third parties who supply us with a service – for the purpose of their service only and in accordance with our instructions. Examples include couriers (to enable delivery of goods), website hosts and businesses which assist us in undertaking communications or monitoring our site.
You will be pleased to hear that we don’t provide your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may disclose personal data so far as reasonably necessary:
If we think you have or may have breached our terms and conditions or to enforce our rights or protect the public or where we have reasonable grounds for believing that a criminal act has been committed) or if we are required to do so by law or appropriate authority; or
In the case of an actual or proposed (including negotiations for a) sale or merger or business combination involving of all or the relevant part of our business.
We may store or transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area for the purposes stated in this policy.
Except as otherwise specifically included in this policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to third parties, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of your information.
How can you access and rectify personal data?
You can access and rectify your personal data by contacting us by the means shown on our website. We may charge an administration fee in line with data protection laws.
For information about your rights under UK data protection laws, see the website of the UK Information Commissioner
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok