https://www.chessopolis.com/wpautoterms/terms-of-service/
Learn About ChessHome
About
History of Chess
Chess Blog
Chess Links Home
Other Online Game Sites
You are here: Home / Legal Pages / Terms of Servicechessopolis.com Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at https://www.chessopolis.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on chessopolis.com’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on chessopolis.com’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by chessopolis.com at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on chessopolis.com’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. chessopolis.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, chessopolis.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall chessopolis.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on chessopolis.com’s website, even if chessopolis.com or a chessopolis.com authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on chessopolis.com’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. chessopolis.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. chessopolis.com may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However chessopolis.com does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
chessopolis.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by chessopolis.com of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Modifications
chessopolis.com may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of UK and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Chessopolis Pages
About Chessopolis
Chess Book Reviews & Chess Book Publishers and Dealers
Chess Clubs / Organizations / Regional Info
Chess Discussion
Chess Game Collections
Chess History & Trivia
Chess Links
Chess Links Home
Chess News Sources
Chess Openings
Chess Players Biographies / Tributes
Chess Problems, Puzzles, & Compositions
Chess Publications & Newsletters
Chess Shops and Dealers
Chess Software
Chess Tutorials
Chess Variants
Computer Chess
Correspondence Chess & Email Chess
ECO Codes
ECO Codes – Expanded
Essential Chess Links
History of Chess
Miscellaneous Chess Sites
Online Chess
Other Online Game Sites
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Recent Posts
Best Chess Resources Online
The Best Chess Movies
Chess Against Computer
Chess Mate – Other Types of Online Games
Publishers of Chess Books
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy
Cookie Policy - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy