https://www.talkstrategy.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle search form
Toggle navigation
Talk Strategy Blog
We Talk Strategy
HomeAbout TSBPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.talkstrategy.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
Data is only shared with Advertising partners to facilitate your purchase.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Please use admin@talkstrategy.com to contact the site.
Additional information
How we protect your data
User data is only accessible to the site administration and the web host for troubleshooting purposes, except as noted for advertising commerce.
What data breach procedures we have in place
This website is scanned daily for malware and viruses.  We use Wordfence to additionally safeguard this site.
What third parties we receive data from
We receive usage data from 1and1 IONOS webhosting.  We receive analytics from all our advertising partners (including Google). We receive security data from Wordfence.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Beyond data from our advertising partners, we do not use automated decision making or profiling with user data.
Permanent link to this article: https://www.talkstrategy.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to Talk StrategySearch
Recent Entries
Final Fantasy VII Remake (PS4)
Control (PS4)
Epic Games Give Away — Shadow Tactics
Epic Games Store Six Free Batman Games
Homeworld 3 Under Development
Ads
Interface
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Blog History
April 2020
February 2020
December 2019
September 2019
June 2019
February 2019
October 2017
September 2017
February 2017
October 2016
June 2016
November 2015
February 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
November 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
April 2012
February 2012
January 2012
© 2020 Talk Strategy Blog.
Made with
by Graphene Themes.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, you are giving consent to the use of cookies.Ok