https://www.aetolia.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Check out our other great game worlds.
Achaea
Imperian
Lusternia
Starmourn
Privacy Policy
This policy covers how Iron Realms Entertainment, LLC ("Iron Realms ") treats personal information that it collects and receives, including information related to your past use of its products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name or email address that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Iron Realms collects personal information when you register with one of its games, when you use its products or services, and when you visit its pages. Iron Realms may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, etc. Once you register with Iron Realms you are not anonymous to us.
Iron Realms collects information about your transactions with us.
Iron Realms automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Iron Realms cookie information, and the page you request.
Iron Realms collects information about your in-game actions for statistical purposes.
Iron Realms uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Iron Realms does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Iron Realms' terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Iron Realms is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Iron Realms will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
Iron Realms may set and access Iron Realms cookies on your computer.
Communications from Iron Realms
Certain communications from Iron Realms are part of Iron Realms membership. You may not opt out of receiving them. Required communication include account deletion notices and system notifications.
All remaining communication is optional and controlled by the user. Optional communication includes announcements, in-game messages, newsletters, and similar content.
Confidentiality and Security
Your Iron Realms information is password-protected and encrypted.
We take security seriously and make our best efforts to prevent compromise of your personal information. In the event of a serious security breach, we will alert our registered users.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Scroll To Top
Would you like to receive the Aetolia newsletter?Enter your email below. We won't spam you!
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes