http://www.smiliegames.com/privacy.php
Free Flash Games
Smilie
Play Games
License Games
Our Game Picks
F1 GP
Brain Gym
Soccer Shootout
Super Bowling
Winter Pinball
Soccer Pong
Matica Air Race
Matica Stacks
Sudoku Drops
Mini Foam Hands
Rugby World Cup
Matica Karts
Save The Cat
Snowball Shootout
Spinball
Make Your Own Game
Darts
Galaga
World Cup Soccer
Bugbuster
Sam Spade
More Games
Sudoku
Nutz
Incoming
Hopit
Turtle Hurtle
Barwars
The Amazing Snail
Formula Racing
Soccer Shootout
Block 4
Mix
Vectrox
Conkers
eChess
Pool
Invaders
Xeroids
Solitaire
Six Nations Conversion
Drop 4
SMILIEGAMES.COM PRIVACY POLICY
Smiliegames.com is committed to providing an entertaining, fun and educational service.
Smiliegames.com is a property of Smilie Entertainment Limited "Smilie".
Smilie respects the privacy concerns of visitors to Smiliegames.com. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site.
1. Collection of data
Registration of a user account on this site requires only a valid e-mail address and a user name that has not been used already. You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please be aware that the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and other information you provide may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this website intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (such as, but not limited to, subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many websites, we may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is our policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
2. Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (ii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iii) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (iv) it is found that your use of this site violates this policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal rights and/or property; or (v) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this Policy. In the event you choose to use links that appear on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies that appear on those sites.
We may sometimes use non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site, to personalize our visitors' experience or to offer products, programs, and services. We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer products, programs, or services.
3. Cookies
Like many websites, this website sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience, such as retaining your personal settings. Advertisements may appear on this website and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties serving the advertising do not have access to this site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.
4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is part of the Smilie main Terms and Conditions which you agree to by accessing the Smiliegames.com webstie and/or services.
You agree that Smilie Entertainment Limited may change this Privacy Policy and the main Terms and Conditions at any time. Our current Privacy Policy will be posted here: http://www.smiliegames.com/privacy.php
5. Internet Safety
Smilie recommends that Parents take time to communicate and educate their children about Internet Safety.
6. Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to·not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Privacy | Terms and Conditions | About Us | Licensing
Copyright © 1996-2010 Smilie Entertainment Ltd. All rights reserved - Flash Development Agency23.co.uk