https://www.owenrudge.net/privacy
Home
Blog/Personal
DesktopShots
FreeDOS
GEM
OSPlus
Transport Tycoon
Utility Base
Visual Basic
Home
Home Page
About Me
Blog
Contact Me
Guestbook
History
Links
News Archive
Search
Privacy Policy
If you fill in any form on this site (for example, guestbooks, feedback forms, polls, and so on), I will not send junk mail
to the e-mail address you provide. Addresses will not be sold on to other companies. Any information you provide will be
treated as confidential.
Please note that if you receive junk mail or viruses from an e-mail address claiming to belong to an Owen Rudge Network
web site, it is very likely, almost certain, that the e-mail address has been faked (a number of viruses do this now). No
spam or viruses will ever be sent from Owen Rudge Network domains.
If you leave your e-mail address on the guestbook, blog or other comment system, it is possible that spammers may find
your address and harvest it for their own use. Owen Rudge can accept no responsibility for this. To help avoid harvesting of
e-mail addresses by spammers, it is recommended that you "spamtrap" your e-mail address in some way (eg, add certain words
to the e-mail address: test@do.not.spam.me.owenrudge.net for example).
Cookies
Cookies are used on this site. Please note that personal information, such as your e-mail address, is not stored in cookies, etc. At the time of writing (04/08/2015), the following pages use cookies:
Download Pages
If you choose to have a default download mirror, this preference is stored in a cookie.
The Ultimate Transport Tycoon Game Repository
Cookies are used at the Repository to store the default currency in use, and your preferences regarding drop-down
menus, etc, set by the Customise page.
Blog
If you fill in a comment form on the blog, your data will be stored in a cookie and remembered for next time you visit.
Cookies are also used to personalise ads and to analyse the site's traffic. This information may also be shared with our advertising and analytics partners. This applies to all Owen Rudge Network
sites (including owenrudge.net, Owen's Transport Tycoon Station, Owen's Locomotion Depot and The Transport Tycoon Forums).
If you have any questions regarding privacy of the information submitted to this web site, please do not hesitate to
contact me to discuss the matter.
Last updated: 4th August 2015
Copyright © Owen Rudge 1998-2020. All Rights Reserved.Legal Information | Privacy Policy