http://www.wewin4u.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this Website and Data Wins Ltd, the owner and provider of this Website. Data Wins Ltd takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website.
Please read this privacy policy carefully
At WeWin4u we believe in the importance of looking after your information and ensuring you have maximum control over it, we’ve summarised the key points from within our Privacy Policy but of course we suggest reading it in full.
WeWin4u welcomes the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as an opportunity to reaffirm our commitment to the privacy and security of our customer’s data. As part of that commitment, we confirm that we are GDPR compliant.
If you’d like to access, amend or delete any information please contact privacy@wewin4u.co.uk
The WeWin4u Website collects cookies. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies).
Definitions
In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
Collectively all information that is collected about you by Data Wins Ltd via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the GDPR.
Cookies
A small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies);
Data Wins Ltd, or us
Data Wins Ltd, a company incorporated in England and Wales. Registered company number and contact details are shown at the bottom of each page.
User or you
Any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Data Wins Ltd and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Data Wins Ltd and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services
Website
The website that you are currently using, https://www.wewin4u.co.uk/, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Data Wins Ltd and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Data collected
We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
Name and Address
Contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
Competition prize preferences
Competition location preferences
Data collected by Google Analytics (see Cookies below);
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Operating system (automatically collected);
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our Use of Data
Where we decide the purpose or means for the processing of the Data related to you when using our service, Data Wins Ltd is the “data controller”. As data controller, we will comply with all applicable data protection laws.
We will retain personal Data for the period necessary of 7 years from when it was first collected to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to any third party disclosures specifically set out in this policy, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This does not include our affiliates and / or other companies within our group.
All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the GDPR. For more details on security see the clause below (Security).
Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;
to understand how visitors use our Website and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity;
to suggest and deliver content which may interest you;
legitimate business interest
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our commitment to you
Data Wins Ltd will comply with the following principles (“accountability’), namely that personal data will be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to the data subject:Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes;
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;Accurate and where necessary, kept up to date;
every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that is inaccurate is erased or rectified without delay;
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is processed;
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical and organisation measures.
Third party websites and services
Data Wins Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary for the operation of the Website. The providers of such services have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website.
Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties will be processed within the terms of this privacy policy and in accordance with the GDPR.
Links to other websites
This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and control
Data Wins Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Data Wins Ltd. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
Controlling use of your Data
Wherever you are required to submit Data, you may be given options to restrict our use of that Data. This may include the following:
use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
sharing Data with third parties;
Opting out of Cookies.
Functionality of the Website
To use all features and functions available on the Website, you may be required to submit certain Data.
You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information see the clause below (Cookies).
Your Rights
You have the following rights over the way we process personal Data relating to you. We aim to comply without undue delay, and within one month at the latest:
to ask for a copy of personal Data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected;
to ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal Data;
to request a machine-readable copy of your personal Data, which you can use with another service provider. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another provider if you prefer; andto make a complaint to a data protection regulator. You may contact them at: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
To make a request in relation to any of the aforementioned rights, please email us at privacy@wewin4u.co.uk
Security
Data security is of great importance to Data Wins Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
If password access is required for certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We endeavour to do our best to protect your personal Data. However, transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and is done at your own risk. We cannot ensure the security of your Data transmitted to the Website.
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies and other mechanisms, such as third party pixels, to collect analytical information, such as your internet protocol (IP) address, to help analyse how visitors use the Website.
We process this information to understand how visitors use our Website and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity (for example, your IP address is used to approximate the country from which you access our Website, and we aggregate this information together so we know that, for example, that visitors to our Website come from a specific territory). This information is not used by us to develop a personal profile of you.
We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you. Some of our webpages may use plug-ins from other organisations (such as Google, LinkedIn and Facebook). These other organisations may use information about your visit to our Websites on their pages. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies.
This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Website, and providing a better service and source of information to visitors.
You can always choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser. For further information about cookies, please see: www.allaboutcookies.org, and how to adjust your browser settings here: www.allaboutcookies.org/managecookies.
The Website uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a third-party web analysis service provided by Google Inc, which uses performance cookies and targeting cookies. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Application (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google Inc on servers in the United States. Google will use the information collected for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website on our behalf, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser as described above. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. This creates an opt-out cookie which prevents the further processing of your data. For more information about Google Analytics cookies, please see Google’s help pages and privacy policy.Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the Application, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how the Application will perform for you.
General
Use of Services by Minors: The services outlined on the Website are not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18), and we request that they not provide Personal Data through the Services.
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfer:Our services are global and Data (including Personal Data) may be stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage service providers, and we may transfer Data to countries outside of Your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of Your country. However, we will take measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that Your Data remains protected to the standards described in this privacy policy. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access Your Personal Data.If you would like to find out more about these safeguards, please let us know by writing to privacy@wewin4u.co.uk
Changes to this privacy policy
Data Wins Ltd reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the WebsiteYou may contact Data Wins Ltd by email at privacy@wewin4u.co.uk
Home Page