https://www.lusternia.com/in-game-help-files/
Skip to content
Check out our other great game worlds.
IRE
Achaea
Aetolia
Imperian
Starmourn
Vote Lusternia
Help: [Return to Help Index]- LUSTERNIA'S HELP FILE INDEXIn order to list the contents of a section, type HELP <section number>. When you wish to read a file listed within a section, type HELP <file name> or HELP <file number>.
1) Introduction
12) Geography and Planescape
2) Basic Commands
13) The Principles of Battle
3) Communication
14) Quests, Karma and the Avenger
4) Your Character
15) Policies
5) The State of your Character
16) The Library System
6) Specifics of Lusternia
17) Events and Special Activities
7) Items and Mobiles
18) Miscellaneous
8) The Lusternia Guild System
19) Out-Of-Character Miscellaneous
9) The Skill System and Skills
20) Homesteads, Aether Manses & Aether Ships
10) Government and Nexuses
21) Clans and Cartels
11) The Deities of Lusternia
22) Mortal Building and OLC
If you are a newbie and haven't done so, please read HELP NEWPLAYERS.
Lusternia is copyright 2004-2019, Iron Realms Entertainment, All Rights Reserved.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes