https://www.trio-tech.com/legal/
Amusement parks
FEC
Visitor Attractions
Design firms
Projects
Products
Career
About us
Contact
News
FAQ
Legal
NEWSLETTER
EN
FR
CN
Subscribe to our newsletter
Download PDF file
download pdf
apply now
Effective date				 - 				16/05/2018
Legal
Privacy Policy
Triotech Amusement inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.trio-tech.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your personal information only in order to provide and improve the Service or to communicate with you further to a message you sent us via the Service, the whole as more fully explained below. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of personal information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.trio-tech.com
Definitions
Personal Information
Personal Information is any information which relates to a natural person and allows that person to be identified, including “Personal data” as defined further below.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself. Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personal Data may include, but is not limited to:
– Email address
– First name and last name
– Phone number
– Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
You agree that we may store and use your Personal Data to contact you either by e-mail or telephone or, to the extent that you have consented thereto, to send you newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that concerns our product or business and that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect Usage Data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
– Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
– Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
– Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
We use the data identified above for various purposes, namely:
– To provide and maintain our Service
– To notify you about changes to our Service
– To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
– To provide customer support
– To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
– To monitor the usage of our Service
– To detect, prevent and address technical issues
– To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Location And Transfer Of Data
Your Personal information is stored on our servers located in the province of Quebec, Canada. However, your Personal information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers owned by third party service providers and that may be located outside the province of Quebec, in which case we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
– To comply with a legal obligation
– To protect and defend the rights or property of Triotech Amusement inc.
– To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
– To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
– To protect against legal liability
– Otherwise for any other reason expressly permitted by law.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to grant you access, correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information.
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Triotech Amusement inc. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
You may communicate with us to access or rectify your Personal information that we hold. No request for access or rectification may be considered unless it is made in writing by a person who proves that he is the person concerned or the representative, heir or successor of that person, the liquidator of the succession, a beneficiary of life insurance or of a death benefit or the person having parental authority even if the minor child is dead.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
We use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter’s interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: By email: info@trio-tech.com
Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) govern your relationship with www.trio-tech.com website (the “Service”) operated by Triotech Amusement inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms and accept all legal consequences. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, in whole or in part, please do not use the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and all contents, including but not limited to text, images, graphics or code are the property of Triotech Amusement inc. and are protected by copyright, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights. You may display and copy, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the Service only in order to consult said material. Any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. These Terms do not grant you a license to use any trademark of Triotech Amusement inc. or its affiliates. You further agree not to use, change or delete any proprietary notices from materials copied, downloaded or printed from the Service.
Links To Other Web Sites
The Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Triotech Amusement inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Triotech Amusement inc., its principals, officers, directors, representatives, employees, contractors, licensors, licensees, suppliers and agents, from and against any claims, losses, damages, losses, obligations, costs, actions or demands.
These include but are not limited to: (a) legal and accounting fees resulting from your use of the Service; (b) your breach of any of these Terms; and (c) anything you post on or upload to the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
You agree that Triotech Amusement inc., its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, shall not be liable for any loss or damage, direct or indirect, including punitive damages, including without limitation, economic loss, loss or damage to electronic media or data, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of the Service; (ii) your inability to access or use the Service; (iii) any conduct or content of any third-party on or related to the Service; (iv) any content obtained from or through the Service; or (v) the unauthorized access to, use of or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether the claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other basis for a claim in law, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such loss or damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer And Non-Waiver of Rights
We make no guarantees, representations or warranties of any kind as regards the website and associated technology. Any purportedly applicable warranties, terms and conditions are excluded, to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance, except as provided for under the laws of the province of Quebec. In such cases, the laws of you domicile shall apply to the extent necessary.
Triotech Amusement inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
If you breach any of these Terms and we choose not to immediately act, or choose not to act at all, we will still be entitled to all rights and remedies at any later date subject to time bar limitation, whether you breach once more these Terms. We do not waive any of our rights. We shall not be responsible for any purported breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond our control. A person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no rights of enforcement.
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
Exclusions
As set out, above, some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you. The laws of your domicile may apply to certain products and service provided.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the laws in the Province of Quebec and the laws of Canada, as applicable. In case of incompatibility between the French and English versions of these Terms, la former shall prevail. Any litigation regarding the interpretation, application or breach of the present Terms shal be introduced in the courts of the judicial district of Montreal.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements, oral or otherwise, regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at the following address: info@trio-tech.com.
Documentation for our suppliers
Standard Purchase Order Terms & Conditions
Click here to download
Supplier Quality Requirements
Click here to download
Non-Disclosure Agreement
Click here to download
Opening of Supplier Account
Click here to download
We use cookies in order to improve your online experience. By accessing and browsing this website, you accept our Privacy & Cookie Policy. Accept More information