http://www.123facts.com/conditions_use.php
Trivia Quizzes, Games, and Facts
Trivia Categories
Forums
About Us
FAQ
Contact Us
Username:
Password:
Register   My 123Facts
Trivia Quiz Categories
Animals
Brain Teasers
Celebrities
Entertainment
For Kids
General
Geography
History
Hobbies
Humanities
Literature
Movies
Music
People
Religion & Faith
Science & Technology
Sports
Television
Video Games
World
More Trivia Fun
New Quizzes
Popular Recent Quizzes
Most Highly Rated Quizzes
Write a Quiz
Monthly Tournament
Today's Easy Trivia
Today's Hard Trivia
Easy Hourly Trivia
Hard Hourly Trivia
Trivia Facts
Browse Trivia Facts
Submit a Trivia Fact
Statistics
Website
- Quizzes served
6,340,069
Players
- Most points
Kniclan
- Registered members
41093
- Just registered!
jeanmark
Teams
- Most points
NY's
Strongest !!!!
Quiz Of The Day
-
Tournament Leader
Zekeman602
- Last Tournament Champ
Zekeman602
You are here:    Home » Conditions Of Use
Search:
123Facts.com Terms & Conditions of Use
Overview
123Facts.com ("123Facts") and its owners provide services to you subject to the following terms and conditions. If you visit, use, or shop at the 123Facts site, you accept these terms conditions. Please read them carefully.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the 123Facts site, in order to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit the 123Facts site or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of 123Facts or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of 123Facts and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of 123Facts or its software or service suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Under no circumstance may you copy content (including trivia facts, questions, answers, or quizzes) from the 123Facts site. You may not use data mining, robots, screen scraping, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on this site, except with our express written consent. We monitor our server logs and pursue those who violate these terms.
Trademarks
123Facts, and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks of 123Facts, in the United States and other countries. 123Facts's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not 123Facts's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits 123Facts. All other trademarks not owned by 123Facts or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by 123Facts or its subsidiaries.
Age
If you are under 13, you may use the 123Facts website only under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
License and Site Access
123Facts grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of 123Facts. 123Facts members may modify quizzes that they create, and selected editors or administrators may modify select parts of the site. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of 123Facts. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of 123Facts without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing 123Facts's name or trademarks without the express written consent of 123Facts. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by 123Facts. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the homepage, and quiz index, and any particular quiz of 123Facts site so long as the link does not portray 123Facts, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any 123Facts logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
User Submitted Material
If you post content or submit material to 123Facts, you grant 123Facts and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
Much of the content on 123Facts originates from visitors to the website. When a visitor submits content, all content becomes the property of 123Facts. 123Facts has all rights and ownership to content/questions/facts entered and may publish and use this content in any way. 123Facts reserves the right not to include questions submitted and does not guarantee that submitted quizzes or facts will be placed online. Quizzes and facts submitted may be edited, modified or deleted by our editorial staff at any time. Any user who does not agree to these provisions may not submit material to 123Facts.
In addition, users submitting content to 123Facts certify when they submit the content that the content is in their own words and has not been taken from any copyright source(s). 123Facts's editors do their best to ensure that any material that is found to infringe any copyright is rejected. In addition, any user found to be submitting plagiarized work will immediately have their accounts terminated and will be banned from 123Facts. If you have reason to believe that any content in any 123Facts quiz or fact violates your copyright, please report it and we will take action.
Some 123Facts quizzes use the names of famous people, places, products, and large companies. If you would prefer that 123Facts not publish trivia regarding a trademark, company, person, etc for which you represent, please let us know, and we will remove the content.
User submitted material may include visuals or audio.
123Facts requires users to submit only material which is not the subject of copyright.
If you feel that material, which you are the copyright holder of, has been submitted, please notify us immediately so we can take action to remove such material.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 13, you may use our website only with involvement of a parent or guardian. 123Facts and its associates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
123Facts Royal Gold Membership
The 123Facts Royal Gold Membership constitutes a set of features, provided for a subscription fee. The features are subject to change at any time and features may be added, altered or removed at any time. All terms and conditions defined in this document apply to Royal Gold members. 123Facts reserves the right to cancel a Royal Gold membership subscription without refund for any violation of the conditions outlined on this page. 123Facts does not provide any guarantees about service uptime, reliability or availability. Royal Gold members will receive no preferencial treatment from the 123Facts staff, editors or moderators. All submissions of quizzes, questions and facts are treated equally by 123Facts.
Multiple charges or other issues as a result of the billing process must be reported within 14 days so a refund can be issued if required.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from 123Facts are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Product Descriptions
123Facts and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, 123Facts does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by 123Facts itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY 123FACTS.COM ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. 123FACTS.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, 123FACTS.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 123FACTS.COM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR MESSAGES SENT FROM 123FACTS.COM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CONTENT. 123FACTS.COM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. 123FACTS.COM DOES NOT CHECK THE ACCURACY OF FACTS AND TRIVIA CONTENT FOR AND ANY USE OF INFORMATION IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR VERIFYING THE ACCURACY AND TRUTHFULNESS OF ANY AND ALL INFORMATION AND CONTENT ON THIS SITE.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Applicable Law
By visiting 123Facts, you agree that the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and 123Facts.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to 123Facts or to products you purchase through 123Facts shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Tampa, Florida, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate 123Facts's intellectual property rights, 123Facts may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Florida, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Site Policies, Modificaiton and Severability
Please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to the 123Facts site. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Up to Quizzes       Up to facts       Up to Home Page
Conditions of Use   |   Privacy policy
|   Disclaimer   |   Copyright
© 2005-2020 123facts.com. All Rights Reserved.