http://www.tightpoker.com/privacy.html
Tight Poker
Tight Poker Home
US Poker Sites
Euro / UK Poker Sites
Canadian Poker Sites
Poker For Mac
No Download Poker
Party Poker Bonus Code
Poker Odds
Poker Hand Rankings
Poker Tips
Poker News
Privacy Policy
TightPoker.com is committed to protecting your online privacy while
providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible.
While you can use many features of TightPoker.com anonymously, you are
required to provide personal information to gain access to some of our
premium content, forum and services.
How we collect use and personal information
Registering for membership on TightPoker.com gives you access to all the site's information and features. The only information required is your name, e-mail address, country, and ZIP/postal code. With your approval, we occasionally will send e-mail to notify you about important changes to the site, new services, and special offers from us. If you would rather not receive these e-mail notifications, you can simply indicate that preference either when you register or at any time you modify your account. In addition to receiving e-mail announcements, you can also sign up for daily and weekly e-mail newsletters.
If you enter a contest or respond to a promotion, we may ask for your postal address so we can notify contest winners and deliver promotional goodies. When you enter this information, we will save it in your member profile so that you won.t have to enter it again. We occasionally may also send you postal mail to notify you about important changes to the site, new services, and special offers from us and select TightPoker.com partners. If you would rather not receive such information via postal mail, you can indicate this when you enter your address or you can modify your account at any time to indicate your preference.
How we use cookies
As you probably know, "cookies" are small pieces of information that some Web sites store on your computer's hard drive when you visit them. Like many other Web sites, TightPoker.com uses cookies to identify members so they don't have to enter a user ID and password upon each visit. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis. Even if you do not use cookies, you can still access all of the features on our site by logging in manually with each visit.
What we provide to third parties
While TightPoker.com does not provide any third-party access to your personal information except to facilitate your own attempts to register with our partners or receive offers from select partners as mentioned elsewhere in this policy, we may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during millions of customer visits to our Web site each month, but it does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information.
Obtaining Your Consent
By using our Web site, you give TightPoker.com permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at TightPoker.com, you authorize TightPoker.com to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. As a registered member, you give TightPoker.com and our agents permission to send you e-mails related to the subscription e-mail services to which you subscribe.
If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address, or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Poker Strategy
Hold'em Guides
Poker Hands
Poker Odds
Internet Poker
Avoiding Poker Traps
Player Profiles
Table Selection
Position Strategy
Player Notes
Bluffing in Poker
Poker Tells
Poker Tournaments
Realistic Odds
Value Betting
Poker Lessons
Other Top Pages
Blacklisted Poker Rooms
Visa Poker Sites
Instant Poker Bankrolls
Easy Poker Bonuses
GBP Poker Sites
Euros Poker Sites
CDN Poker Sites
AUD Poker Sites
Party Poker
Party Poker FAQ
Party Poker Tips
Premier Replays
More Content
Poker Articles
Poker Sites
Online Poker Reviews
Poker Software
Online Cheating
Poker Terms
About TightPoker
News Archive
Contact Us
Visit our partners for online poker strategy tips and poker strategy for playing internet poker.
Party Poker Strategy Guide :: info@tightpoker.com :: Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2002 - 2018 www.tightpoker.com
WARNING: Internet poker may or may not be illegal in your jurisdiction.
Please check your local laws or consult with legal counsel before attempting to play poker online.
This site is intended for visitors 18+. Please gamble responsibly.