http://www.thebike.com/privacy_policy.php
Privacy Policy
OVERVIEW: PRIVACY NOTICE – CALIFORNIA
The Bicycle Hotel and Casino (the “Company”) is committed to providing its guests, players, and website visitors with the best service possible while also respecting their right to privacy.
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (“Notice”) applies solely to visitors, guests, players, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) and visit any independently owned website managed by any entity of the Company where this Notice is posted (the “Site”). This Notice also applies to California consumers who use any of the Company’s facilities or services, engage in transactions with the Company, or interact with the Company over social media, in person, by phone, in writing or otherwise. This Notice is adopted to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other applicable California privacy laws.
This Notice explains how the Company collects, uses, shares and stores your Personal Information and other data when you use the Site or otherwise interact with us, and how you can exercise certain rights you have in connection with your privacy and Personal Information.
This Notice is effective as of: January 1, 2020.
For ease of reference, you may click on any of the following links to jump to one of the sections addressed below:
Scope of this Notice
Introduction and Contact Information
Information We Collect, Use and Share
Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
Children’s Information
Your Rights and Choices
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Scope of this Notice
This Notice is only applicable to consumers who reside in California. This Notice does not apply to Site visitors, users and others who interact with us and do not reside in California, and this Notice does not apply to information which you may send us by means other than those set forth above. Other Company websites, locations and services, whether online or offline, may have their own privacy policies or notices, and you should consult those accordingly.
The Site may contain links to external websites and other online locations, including those embedded in third-party advertisements or sponsor information, that are not controlled by the Company. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third-party locations. You should consult the privacy policies or notices of those third-party services for details about how they handle your personal information.
Introduction and Contact Information
We understand you may have questions about how we collect and use the information that you provide to us and the privacy of your Personal Information. To be clear, by Personal Information, we mean data that, by itself or in combination with other information, identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, device or household (“Personal Information”). Personal Information can include, but is not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, username and password, IP address or other online identifiers, browsing or search history, credit/debit card number or other financial information, professional or employment-related information, office address and other business information, demographic information, consumer preferences, biometric information such as fingerprints, precise location information, or any other type of information that, directly or indirectly, can be linked to or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.
The Company intends to strictly enforce this Notice. If you believe there has been some violation of this Notice, or if you ever have any privacy-related questions or concerns regarding the Site or our services, please contact us via e-mail, toll-free number or postal mail at the following:
dataofficer@thebike.com
The Bicycle Hotel and Casino
Attn:
Privacy Officer
888 Bicycle Casino Dr.
Bell Gardens, CA 90201
Toll-Free (888) 815-3600
If you do not agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information as described in this Notice, please do not provide us with any information and cease using this Site and our other services.
Information We Collect, Use and Share
When using the Site or otherwise interacting with us over the last 12 months, the Company may have collected, used and shared the following categories of Personal Information from you in the following ways:
Categories of Personal Information we collect
We may collect this Personal Information when you…
We collect this Personal Information so that we may…
Types of entities that may receive this Personal Information
Name, alias, signature, social security number, driver’s license number, and date of birth
Submit a request for information;
Register, participate or purchase the Company’s products, programming, or services;
Open a player bank account, request a credit line or conduct a financial transaction
Book a stay or check-in with the hotel advertised on the Site;
Contact the Company with questions or comments;
Participate in a promotion, contest or survey; or
Provide it to us in the content of any communications you direct to the Company.
Process and respond to your requests for information;
Administer bookings, reservations, and other services and/or programming;
Process your request for an account or credit;
Comply with State and Federal laws regarding financial transactions
Respond to your questions and comments;
Communicate with you regarding surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions;
Send you marketing and promotional communications about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third-party products and services;
Provide customer service and process transactions you authorize; or
Verify customer information.
Booking and reservation processors;
Event registration vendors;
Shipping, email and mail providers;
Hospitality vendors responsible for pre-arrival amenities and other benefits you request; or
State and Federal agencies
Company name and other professional or business information
Book a Company stay or business event with the property advertised on the Site;
Register, participate, or purchase the Company’s products, programming, or services;
Open a player bank account, request a credit line or conduct a financial transaction
Inquire about business development or hotel management opportunities;
Respond to requests for proposals (“RFPs”); or
Provide it to us in the content of any communications you direct to the Company.
Administer bookings and reservations;
Administer Company services and/or programming;
Respond to your inquiries;
Process your request for an account or credit;
Comply with State and Federal laws regarding financial transactions
Process your company’s proposals in response to RFPs;
Provide customer service and process bookings and other transactions you authorize; or
Verify customer information.
Booking and reservation processors;
Event registration vendors;
Shipping and mail providers;
Hospitality vendors responsible for pre-arrival amenities and other benefits you request; or
State and Federal agencies
Physical/postal address
Sign up to receive mailings from the Company which may be of interest to you;
Order any goods or services we advertise; or
Open a player’s bank account, request a credit line or conduct a financial transaction;
Provide it to us in the content of any communications you direct to the Company.
Provide you with information on new products, services, promotions and other updates in which we think you may be interested;
Send you products and anything else you order for shipping; or
Process and respond to your questions, comments and other requests for information;
Process your request for an account or credit; and
Comply with State and Federal laws regarding financial transactions.
Shipping or mail providers; or
State and Federal agencies
Email address
Submit comments, questions or requests for information; or
Sign up to receive Company newsletters, e-mail updates or other communications about services which may be of interest to you.
Process and respond to your questions, comments and requests for information;
Send you newsletters and other email updates on new products, services, and other promotions in which we think you may be interested;
Communicate with you regarding additional uses of your Personal Information beyond the scope of this Notice; or
Comply with State and Federal laws regarding financial transactions.
Email marketing vendors; State and Federal Agencies.
Telephone Number
Request information over the telephone;
Book a stay or check-in with the property advertised on the Site; or
Register, participate or purchase the Company’s products, programming, or services.
Process and respond to your questions, comments and requests for information;
Administer bookings and reservations;
Provide customer service; or
Comply with State and Federal laws regarding financial transactions.
State and Federal Agencies.
Player Rewards number, purchase history, and gaming information
Submit a request for information; or
Register, participate or purchase the Company’s products, programming, or services.
Process and respond to your questions, comments and requests for information;
Determine your qualifications for certain offers or services;
Administer bookings and reservations; or
Provide customer service.
None.
Credit/debit card or other payment/financial information
Book a stay or check-in with the property advertised on the Site;
Engage in any financial transaction with the Company; or
Order any goods or services we advertise.
Administer bookings and reservations;
Administer Company services and/or programming;
Determine your qualifications for certain offers or services;
Process or fulfill orders and transactions which you have authorized; or
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for such activity.
Credit/debit card processors and other payment processing entities; State and Federal Agencies.
First-party cookie identifiers set by the Company, which may include your browsing history, search history, and other information on your interaction with the Site, any Company application, or any Company advertisement.
Automatically whenever you visit or use the Site.
Recognize you on return visits to the Site;
Determine which web pages you visited on the Site and the sequence in which you accessed the web pages;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for such activity;
Undertake activities to verify, maintain and improve the quality or safety of the Site and Site-related services;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality with the Site;
Conduct data analysis and testing;
Undertake internal research for technological development and demonstration; or
Monitor Site usage.
Website designers and hosting providers.
Third-party cookie identifiers, internet protocol (IP) addresses, pixels and other online identifiers, browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Automatically whenever you visit or use the Site.
Determine which web pages you visited on the Site and the sequence in which you accessed the web pages;
Provide you with online ads;
Count ad views or impressions, verify the positioning and quality of ad impressions; or
Provide you with information on new products, services, promotions and other updates in which we think you may be interested.
Data analytics providers;
Marketing vendors; or
Targeted advertising networks.
Other Reasons We Use This Information
We may also use or disclose any of the above categories of Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following reasons:
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections;
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers or others;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations;
As otherwise described to you at or before the point when we collect your Personal Information; or
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held by us is among the assets transferred.
Personal Information may also be aggregated with such information from other visitors to the Site such that the information no longer personally identifies you. We may use the aggregated information for the general purpose of evaluating our market and/or business trends, our customer demographics, interests and behavior, our past and future product or service offerings and/or pricing, or other aspects of our business. We may share such aggregated information with our business partners, vendors, distributors or other collaborators, for these same purposes. We may also sell or license such aggregate information to one or more third parties for use in a similar manner.
By providing to us the Personal Information and other data referenced above, you agree that we may use such Personal Information and other data in accordance with the terms of this Notice. We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
We may disclose certain portions of your Personal Information to analytics providers, advertising networks, and other service providers or third parties for certain business purposes as identified above, and the Company may receive something of value in exchange for this disclosure.
As referenced in the table of Personal Information we collect, use and share, above, the Company may use analytics providers to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. Through this process, analytics providers may use third-party cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site, including your IP address, is then transmitted to the analytics provider. This information is then used to evaluate how people use the Site and to compile statistical reports on Site activity for us.
The disclosure of your cookie identifiers in exchange for certain third-party services may be considered a sale of your Personal Information, and you have the right to opt-out of any such sale of your Personal Information by the Company.
The Company allows IP addresses and other cookie-related data to be collected in an automated manner and managed by our marketing vendors in order to provide you with targeted ads based on what you appear to be interested in as a result of your activity online, both on our Site and elsewhere. You can opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking here. If you opt-out, you will still see ads but they will not be personalized based on your online activity. Please note that if you disable your cookies or upgrade your browser after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt-out on each browser or device.
You can also generally opt-out of receiving targeted ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org/. You may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform targeted or interest-based advertising services, including some that we may work with, via the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) site at http://optout.aboutads.info/. Please note that when using these ad industry opt-out tools, you may need to execute opt-outs for each browser or device that you use, and that other companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
You also have the right to request from us a list of affiliates and third parties with whom we shared Personal Information about you for their own direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. Please note, however, we do not share Personal Information with unrelated third parties for their own use.
If you have any questions, please contact us at (888) 815-3600 or dataofficer@thebike.com.
Notice of Financial Incentive
The Bicycle Casino Rewards Club Card Program (“Program”) offers financial incentives to Program members.
You will need to complete an application form and agree to the Program Rules and Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy to take advantage of the Program.
You may enroll by applying at the Welcome Center or online by clicking HERE. You may withdraw from the Program at any time by Submitting an online request through the form available HERE or calling our toll-free line at (888) 815-3600.
Program members accumulate points based on the game they play; each hour in any game will accrue points in the player’s account.
Point accrual and limits will vary by game.
Accrued points may be used towards purchases at locations within the Casino, including the Bike Brewery, Phoenix Café, Starbucks and Casino floor food menu, Valet, Hotel and Spa.
Points may also be redeemed for cash according to the Program Rules.
In addition, from time to time we may offer additional promotions and discounts to Program members.
For complete Program Rules, please click HERE.
When you sign up for the Program, you allow us to collect and retain personal information about you and your transactions with us.
This personal information may include the categories of personal information listed in our Privacy Policy, including personal identifiers, commercial & transactional information, player gaming information, and financial information.
This Privacy Policy may be viewed in its entirety HERE.
We are allowed by law to offer financial incentives, and price and service differences to you if the differences are directly related to the value provided by your data.
We offer more discounts, promotions and rewards to Program members who spend more time in the Casino, and we receive value from the time you spend in the Casino.
Go to https://thebike.com/my_rewards/rewards_card.php to see full detail of the Rules which apply to Program members.
Children’s Information
The Bike’s Site and services, other than sections of the Site and services related to the hotel, are only intended for individuals 21 years of age and older and are not intended for, directed at or marketed to individuals under the age of 21. The remainder of the Company’s Site and services related to the hotel are intended for individuals 18 years of age and older who are located in the United States. Our Site and services are not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, use by children under 18 years of age. The Company neither collects nor sells the Personal Information of minors under 18 years of age. If the Company learns that any information was provided through the Site by a person younger than 18 years of age, the Company will delete or destroy the information immediately.
Any minor, or the parent(s) or legal guardian(s) of such minor, who wishes to request the removal of the minor’s information should submit their request by using the contact details provided in this Notice. Any removal of content by the Company does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. More specifically, you have the following rights regarding the Company’s collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information:
Right to Know. The right to request, up to 2 times in a 12-month period, that we identify to you (1) the categories of Personal Information we have collected, disclosed or sold about you in the last 12 months, (2) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, (3) the business purpose for which we use this information, and (4) the categories of third parties with whom we share or have shared your Personal Information in the last 12 months;
Right to Access. The right to request, up to 2 times in a 12-month period, that we provide you access to or disclose to you, free of charge, the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you in the last 12 months;
Right to Delete. The right to request, up to 2 times in a 12-month period, that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions;
Right to Opt-Out. The right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties; and
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the Company, in terms of the quality and price of the goods and services we offer, because you exercised these rights regarding the collection, use and sharing of your Personal Information.
You can submit any of the above 4 types of consumer requests by:
Submitting an online request through the form available HERE.
Calling our privacy toll-free line at (888) 815-3600.
Responding to Your Right to Know, Right to Access, and Right to Delete Requests
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 days or 90 days total from the date we receive your request), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Responding to Your Request to Opt-Out of Sale of Your Personal Information
We will act upon a verifiable consumer request to opt-out within fifteen (15) days of its receipt. We will notify all third parties to whom we have sold Personal Information within 90 days of our receipt of your request that you have exercised your right to opt-out and instruct them not to further sell the information. We will notify you when this has been completed by mail or electronically, at your option.
A request to opt-out need not be a verifiable consumer request. However, we may deny a request to opt-out if we have a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to opt-out is fraudulent. If we deny your request to opt-out, we shall inform you of our decision not to comply and provide an explanation as to why we believe the request is fraudulent.
Complying with Your Request for Deletion of Personal Information
The Company will do its best to accommodate any request to delete or properly dispose of your Personal Information, but we cannot guarantee we can eliminate all Personal Information from the specified uses. Therefore, please be as specific as possible in any request to delete or dispose of your Personal Information. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise to perform a contract we entered into with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
If you choose to delete certain portions of your Personal Information, it may affect your ability to use certain parts of the Site or our other services. If the request relates to information that the Company needs to make the Site or our services function properly for you, you may no longer be able to use the Site or our services.
If You Have an Authorized Agent
You may grant an authorized agent written permission to submit requests regarding your Personal Information. The Company may request proof of your written permission before responding to any requests made by a supposedly authorized agent. The Company may deny authorized agent requests if we are unable to verify your identity, or if you cannot provide proof that you authorized the agent to act on your behalf.
Verifying Your Identity To Respond To Your Request
We are required to verify the identity of any person or entity that requests the disclosure or deletion of Personal Information. If you have a password-protected account with us, we will use our existing authentication procedures to verify your identity. For most other requests from consumers that do not have a password-protected account with us, the Company will ask you to provide information that matches at least two pieces of Personal Information we store about you before responding to your request. If you would like to request specific pieces of your Personal Information the Company has collected, or if you would like us to delete highly sensitive information, you will need to provide information that matches at least three pieces of information we store about you, and you must provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Information you are requesting.
When attempting to verify your identity, we will avoid asking you for more sensitive information such as your full name or credit/debit card number. Instead, we may ask you to provide other types of information to match what we have in our records. For example, we may ask for part of your name, your date of birth, or portions of the address for your home, office or business, among other types of information. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
The Company reserves the right to maintain proper business records as required by law, or for otherwise legitimate business purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your Personal Information.
Browser Do Not Track Features
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we cannot respond to browser “do not track” signals, but to learn more about how to opt-out of certain kinds of targeted advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website. Options you select are browser- and device-specific.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We take the security of your Personal Information very seriously and are constantly improving our efforts to protect it. The Company has implemented a data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard your Personal Information from unlawful use and unauthorized disclosure. No electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you submit to us. Specifically, we take every reasonable measure to ensure that protection, including:
We keep automatically collected data and voluntarily collected data separate at all times.
We use internal encryption on all data stores that house voluntarily captured data.
We use commercially reasonable tools and techniques to protect against unauthorized access to our systems.
We restrict access to private information to those who need such access in the course of their duties for us.
However, the safety and security of your information also depends on you. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications or for changes to or losses of data through the Internet. You are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of websites, applications, or other services. Any access to websites, applications, or other services through your user ID and password will be treated as authorized by you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Site. To help protect your Personal Information, we may suspend your use of all or part of the websites, applications, or services, without notice, if we suspect or detect any security issues.
Consumers with Disabilities
This policy is in a form that is accessible to consumers with disabilities and is ADA compliant.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our Site’s homepage.
This Privacy Policy was created on December 31, 2019 and last revised on February 10, 2020.
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
ACCEPT COOKIES