http://www.psphacking101.com/privacy-policy
home
about
Live
faqs
Login
Too Smart Guys
Videos
Apple
iPhone
PS3
PSP
Wii
Xbox 360
Commute Cast
Other Shows
Skits
Outtakes
Beyond The Clipping Plane
Home ›
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may e-mail us using the address below.
pox@toosmartguys.com
Follow @toosmartguys
Google+
Too Smart DVD's
with exculive extras
Subscribe Via
Pox, Ragable and other guests are the Too Smart Guys. Making Internet video shows for PSP Hacking 101 , Wii Hacking 101, iPhone Hacking 101 and More. Rember we are Too Smart Guys not two smart guys or 2 smart guys.
Home
about us
disclaimer
privacy policy
need help?
want to advertise?
sitemap