http://www.wheelingisland.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
This Website is intended only for users over the age of 21. Please leave this Website if you are under the age of 21. By continuing, you represent that you are over the age of 21 and release Wheeling Island Gaming, Inc., our subsidiaries and affiliates, and the creators of the Website from any and all liability for your use or access to the Website relating to your age.
All references to “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” shall mean Wheeling Island Gaming, Inc. Company’s privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) tells you about the information Company, its subsidiaries, and affiliates collect. In addition, it explains how we use that information and how you can opt out of certain uses of information we may collect.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we may collect from you through our operations, including, but not limited to, the Lucky North Club for player rewards, our gaming, hotel, retail, and dining operations, and our amenity, transaction, management, reservation and reward systems. This Privacy Policy applies to the Lucky North Club for player rewards, to websites and social media pages that we or our affiliates manage or control, to applications that we use or offer to you in our operations, and to email messages and other electronic communications that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Lucky North Casino, or other applications sponsored by our affiliate Ruby Seven Studios, Inc., which is governed by a similar but separate privacy policy. For those separate application privacy policies see https://luckynorthcasino.com/privacy/ and/or https://www.rubyseven.com/privacy/ respectively.
If the practices described in this Privacy Policy are not acceptable to you, you should not provide the Company with information about yourself. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy.
The “Effective Date” at the bottom of the page tells you when this Privacy Policy was last revised.
We will notify you of material changes by posting notice on our website (“Website”) or through other means.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Website.
Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy whenever you visit our Website for any updates or changes.
Collection of Your Personal Information
“Personal Information” refers to information that relates to an identified, or identifiable, person.
This includes, for example, your first and last name, home address, phone number, email address, profile picture, social security number, and driver’s license information, and in certain limited cases, your credit card information.
In addition to Personal Information, we also collect information that does not identify you, including age range and gender, or de-identified or aggregated information. The Personal Information that we collect depends on what services you use or information that you request. Our collection and processing of your information is based on different contexts: our performance of a contract, our obligations under law, our legitimate interest in conducting our business, protection of a natural person’s vital interests and/or upon your consent. The following are examples of some Personal Information that we may collect as well as when and how we collect it.
Lucky North Players Club Registration
When you sign up for the Lucky North Club at the Lucky North Club desk or at one of our self-serve kiosks, we will ask you to provide certain Personal Information to complete your registration. As you use your Lucky North Club account we will ask you periodically for certain additional information.
Other Registration and Transactional Data
We may also collect Personal Information from you when you visit our gaming properties and interact with our customer service representatives and other employees, for example, by responding to surveys and providing customer feedback, checking into our hotels or using our dining, retail or other amenities.
When you register on or use our Website, we may collect various kinds of Personal Information, including your first and last name, email address, home address, home phone number, personal interests, information associated with your Internet Protocol address and preferred vacation/leisure destinations. This information is used to process your requests or to send you information about the Company, our products, services or offerings. This information may also be used to create a convenient and easy-to-use online reservation service or shopping process that includes an online “shopping cart” that allows you to track selected products and proceed through purchase. We also collect and store access information related to your account, including your Lucky North Club account, if applicable, including user name and user password.
When you make purchases from our Website, we may collect information such as product orders, shipping address(es), and credit card information in order to process your purchase.
Use of Applications
We may also collect Personal Information through your use of our or our service provider applications. When you download and use the applications, we and our service providers may track and collect usage data, such as the date and time the application on your device accesses our servers, purchases and reservations made on the applications and what information and files have been downloaded to the applications based on your device number.
Physical Location.
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content, including specific information about our products and services if you are in physical proximity to one of our properties and have opted into receiving text messages from us. We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you choose to deny such uses and/or sharing, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
Surveys
From time to time we may post surveys on our Website or otherwise send you surveys. The surveys may request demographic information (such as age range, gender, areas of interest and familiarity with Company or our products and services) and customer feedback. Participation in these requests is completely voluntary. With each request, you will have the choice of whether or not to disclose information. Such survey information will be used to improve our products and services and the overall experience on our Website.
Customer Service Correspondence
We may collect information that identifies you individually, such as your first and last name, home address, email address, phone number, Internet Protocol address, and fax number when you submit comments, questions or suggestions to our customer service department. We use that information to verify your identity and to respond to your correspondence.
First and Third-Party Cookies, Pixels and Related Data
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
We use this information to help our website operate efficiently.
Google Analytics uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of our Websites and to report on activities and trends. You can learn about Google Analytics by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/, and opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons) and other similar technologies may be used in connection with some services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the services and response rates.
In addition, we participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a Cookie) to collect information about your use of our Website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our Website, or on other websites.
We use this information to capture website analytics and engage in behavior-based advertising.
Other Sources
We may receive your personal information from other sources, such as public databases; joint marketing partners; social media platforms; from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms; as well as from other third parties. For example, if you elect to connect your social media account to your Lucky North Club account, such as by accessing or using your Lucky North Club account, purchasing virtual goods in our applications or using a social network account, including by receiving messages through our applications from other social media users, certain Personal Information from your social media account may be shared with us, which may include Personal Information that is part of your profile or the profiles of other social media users with whom you have a connection. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that we collect through our services, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sweepstakes and Contests
We may use information about you to advise you of sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your personal information, so we suggest that you read these rules carefully.
Use Of Your Personal Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our Website or our locations.
To provide products and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell or share information that identifies you individually or makes it possible for other parties to contact you directly without your consent, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we disclose Personal Information in the following circumstances:
Vendors and Providers of Services
We may share your information with vendors and others who help us operate our business or provide services on our behalf, including the production or transmission of marketing materials.
Among other things, service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
We may also transmit information about you to vendors to better understand the people that have an interest in our products and services so that we can identify others that might have similar interests.
Affiliates
We may share your information with companies that are under common ownership or control with Company, our subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies.
Business Transition
We may share or sell your information as an asset of Company in conjunction with the sale to a third party of our Company, our subsidiaries and/or affiliated companies, or a portion of our or their business or assets.
Legal Purposes
We may share your information:
(a) to conform with the law, research and fulfill our regulatory obligations, respond to regulatory inquiry, respond to claims, or comply with legal process served on Company (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order, or discovery request).
(b) to enforce or apply our policies or agreements (including to bill and collect for amounts owed to us).
(c) to protect and defend our operations and ours and our employees’, patrons’, users’, or the publics’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including through surveillance).
(d) to protect our Websites, including fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of our Websites.
(e) if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
(f) to governmental authorities, in our sole discretion, in exceptional circumstances, such as a national emergency, security matter, or other situations in which we deem such disclosure prudent.
Your Choices
You can make the following choices regarding your Personal Information:
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive or by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications.
Promotional Mailings. If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing list by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below and including “NO SNAIL MAIL” in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
Promotional Telephone Calls.
If at any time you do not want to receive telephone calls from us you can remove yourself from our contact list by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Promotional Text Messages. If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.” or otherwise contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Changes to Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your Personal Information.
Most of our Websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile.
Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
If our Website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, contact us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Deletion of Your Personal Information.
Typically, we retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
In addition, we may keep your Personal Information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce our agreements.
You may, however, request that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below and we will delete such Personal Information to the extent required by law.
Revocation of Consent. You may revoke consent, or object, to specific processing of your Personal Information by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
If you revoke your consent for the processing of Personal Information then we may no longer be able to provide you services.
In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
Access to Your Personal Information. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you with reasonable access to the Personal Information that we have about you.
You may request access to your Personal Information by contacting us with such request pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.
Protecting Your Information
To help maintain data accuracy, prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of, and ensure the appropriate use of your Personal Information, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your Personal Information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Despite our security efforts, please understand that no system is perfect or can guarantee that unauthorized access or theft of data might not occur. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us by contacting us pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below, and indicating that you believe there is a security issue or that your information has been compromised.
Retention of Information
We retain Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, or until an individual requests that we delete information about them, unless a longer retention period is required or is permitted by law. If you would like additional information concerning how long we keep a specific type of information, you can contact us pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
California Resident Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional privacy rights. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please review our Privacy Policy Addendum for California Residents available here.
Miscellaneous
Aggregate Information
We collect aggregate information about you and your use of our Website whenever you visit us online. For instance, we may collect various forms of “click stream” information such as entry and exit points for our Website (i.e., referring URLs or domains), site traffic statistics, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser type. In addition, when you request pages on our Website, our servers automatically log your IP addresses.
Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels of services, helping diagnose server problems, and administering our services.
We also use third-party software that tracks traffic directed to the Website from affiliate websites and the purchases that result from this traffic. This information is aggregated and is not tied to an individual purchase.
Links to Other Sites
Please be aware that we provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users, and that we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those pages. Please note that these websites’ privacy policies may differ from our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices before providing them with information.
Third-Party Data Collection and Use of End-User Information
When you use or connect to our Website or download one of our Apps by or through a third-party platform—including Facebook—you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your third-party platform profile/account. You additionally allow us to access information contained in cookies placed on your device by the third-party platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with the third-party platform. We may share this information with the third-party platform for their use as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with the third-party platform. We will share some of the information we collect from you with vendors and other service providers who work with us to support the internal operations of our Website and/or mobile application. For example, we use a third-party service for ad tracking and to help us prepare Website and mobile application analytics. Our third-party ad tracking and analytics company never sends emails, notifications, or other communications to our end users. We may license technology to serve advertisements on our Online Services, and within their content as that content is served across the Internet. In addition, we may use third party network advertisers to serve advertisements and third-party analytics vendors to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of our Online Services and viewing of our content. We do not share personal information with these third parties, but ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and/or analytics service providers may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including usage information. We and our network advertisers may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your visits to our Online Services and other digital content.
Transmission of Information to Other Countries.
As a multi-national company, we transmit information between and among our subsidiaries and/or our affiliate companies. As a result, your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat Personal Information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. By submitting your Personal Information to us, you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States of America. If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us pursuant to the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Third Party Tracking
You can opt-out of receiving advertising based on your browsing behavior from some network advertising companies by going to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites, although to completely prevent advertising based upon your browsing behavior you should also disable the cookies on your browser.
Use of this Website by Persons Under the Age of 21 is Prohibited
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from, or market or advertise our products or services to, individuals under the age of 21. Pursuant to law, persons under the age of 21. are not permitted to gamble at our properties or loiter in casino areas. Similarly, this Website and any of our online services are not intended for persons under the age of 21.
Any contests, activities, offers or programs promoted, whether via this Website and any of our online services or in any of our physical locations are strictly limited to people over 21. Persons younger than this age are not allowed to use this Website and any of our online services, accept offers, or win contests. We reserve the right to verify age at any time for any reason and may decline to provide products, services or access rights to any person who does not have valid age identification. Please note that for some of our properties, users may access limited aspects of our products and services in compliance with applicable local laws (by way of example, our hotel and restaurant facilities and certain family-oriented events that may take place at such properties).
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or our use of your information, or if you need help accessing, changing, or deleting your information, or otherwise electing to make any of the choices in “Your Choices” above, you can email or contact us as set forth below.
When contacting us, please include your first and last name, the name of the location that collected your information and a contact number or email address where you agree to be reached.
Email us at: privacy@delawarenorth.com
Or send a letter to:
Wheeling Island Gaming, Inc.
250 Delaware Avenue
Buffalo, NY 14202
Attention: Data Privacy
If you are a person in the European Union, you may also send a letter to:
Delaware North Companies (UK) Limited
11th Floor, York House Empire Way
Wembley HA9 0PA United Kingdom
Attention: Paul Galvin
If you are not satisfied with our response, and you are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Effective Date: December 19, 2019