http://www.jigidi.com/privacy_policy.php
Solve, create, share and talk about jigsaw puzzles
PuzzlesMost Recent The Jigidi front pageJigsaw Puzzle Categories Browse Jigsaw Puzzles by CategoriesBy User Find a specific userSearch Search puzzles by keywordsHelpBasics All you need to knowGuidelines Please read and respect thesePuzzle Player Quick guide to the puzzle playerFAQ Frequently Asked QuestionsSupport Need help?AboutAbout When, why and whoJigidi Plus The optimal Jigidi experienceAds Ads on JigidiContact Let us knowBlogSign inJoin
Menu
JIGIDI
Sign In
Data protection, cookie and privacy policy
Our processing of your cookies and personal data
Introduction
This Policy details our commitment to protect the privacy of individuals who visit Jigidi.
Whether you are a user of Jigidi.com and or our Jigidi app, our Privacy Policy describes for you:
Purpose and legal basis for the processing of your personal data
Categories of personal data
Recipients or categories of recipients
Transfer to recipients in third countries and international organisations
Where we are collecting your personal data from
Storing of your personal data
Your right to withdraw your consent
Your rights
Additional Information for California Users
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We are the data controller – how to contact us?
Complaining to the Data Protection Authorities
By using our website or app, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We, therefore, encourage you to read it carefully when either using our website, app or transacting business with us.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.
1. Purpose and legal basis for the processing of your personal data
We are processing your personal data in order for us to deliver our services. This includes:
Jigidi
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data consists of:
Balance of interests, where your personal data are necessary for the delivery of our services
Consent, where personal data is not strictly necessary
EU and Danish legislation on criminal offense or abuse
Legitimate interest for processing
As listed above, our processing of your personal data is partly based on a balance of interests as defined in the general data protection regulations (GDPR) article 6, paragraph 1, point f. The legitimate interests, relevant for our processing, are:
Supplying our services
Protecting our users
Product development
IT recovery
Operations, security and accountability
Company management
Income from advertisements
Moderation
Support
Marketing the company and its services
2. Categories of personal data
We process the following categories of personal data about you:
Non-sensitive personal data:
Username
IP-address
Geo-location (to the precision of country or major city)
Information about your browser
Information about your use of our site and services
Email communication and support requests
Reports
Invitations sent or received by you
Payment history
As supplied and controlled by you, we may also process the following personal data:
Non-sensitive personal data:
Password
Email address
Images uploaded by you
Puzzles (published as well as non-published), including image and description
Comments, e.g. on our website (may include individual puzzles and on our blog) and social media pages
Puzzles solved or bookmarked
Profile description, gender, age, and avatar
3. Recipients or categories of recipients
Data about your use of our website, which ads you are shown and react on, geographical location, may be collected by third parties to the extent that these data are accessible. You may find which third parties this includes in the section about cookies below.
The information is used for targeted ads and is crucial for delivering our services free of charge.
We are also using third parties for storing and processing data. These are only processing data on our behalf and are not allowed to access or process data for their own purposes.
Personal data (like name and email address) will only be transferred based on your explicit consent.
We are using the following parties for processing your data:
Our data processors, including:
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Linode, LLC
Google, LLC
Zendesk, Inc.
Stripe, Inc.
Content Delivery Network provider
Hosting providers
In cases of criminal offense or abuse, personal data may be transferred to appropriate authorities in Denmark.
4. Transfer to recipients in third countries and international organisations
We are transferring your data to recipients outside the EU and EEA.
This concern Amazon AWS, Zendesk, Google, Stripe and Linode, based in the USA.
5. Where we are collecting your personal data from
We are only collecting the information that you are giving us through the use of our websites, subscription to our newsletters, online purchases and by tracking your activity on our websites.
Visiting our website
When you are visiting our website, we process information about you to deliver our services, adapt and improve our content and services, increase the value of the ads we may show you on our site. If you do not wish for us to process information about you for a specific purpose, please see the section Your right to withdraw your consent below.
If this is not enough, and you do not wish for us to collect any information about you at all, please delete your cookies (see this guide) and stop using our site.
Alternatively, you may use a browser in "Private Browsing" mode, and any cookies or data that we may collect should be deleted each time you close the browser. See your browser for specific instructions.
Below you may find a list of the information, that we process, their purpose and which third parties who have access to them:
Information that we collect
Purpose
Third parties
Use patterns, IP-address, cookies, geo-location, information about your browser
Tracking of use patterns, Improvement of service, Product development
Google
Linode
Puzzles, images, email address, description and comments
Delivery of service
Linode
Username, profile description, avatar, comments
Social interaction between users
Linode
Email address, message
Invitation to friends
Linode
User name, email, ticket information, age, gender, IP-address, information about your browser
User support
Zendesk
Payment transaction
Jigidi paid membership
Stripe
Complaints, use patterns, usage history
Moderation
Linode
Cookies
Our website is using cookies. Cookies are small text files saved on the device you are using when visiting our site. Cookies are used for remembering who you are, the choices you make and actions you take using our sites, your settings, data for statistical purposes and information about the ads that we are showing you.
Cookies cannot be used for storing malicious code like virus and malware.
It is possible for you to delete or block cookies. Please see this guide.
If you delete or block cookies, ads will still be displayed but may become less relevant and appear more frequently. You may further experience that our website no longer may function optimally and that some content will no longer be accessible.
The website includes cookies from third parties. These may include:
Third parties
Purpose
Google, LLC
Ad Serving, Tracking of use patterns
Amazon.com, Inc
Ad Serving
Publift, LLC
Ad Serving
Quantcast
Consent
IAB Europe
Consent
Besides the above third parties, the individual ad-provider may place cookies on your device. Find further information in the section Your right to withdraw your consent below.
6. Storing of your personal data
We are storing personal data about you for as long as you are actively using our site or are subscribing to our services. In the following list, you may find how long we are keeping data for each specific purpose:
Purpose
Data retention
Analysing use patterns, Improvement of service, Product development
1 month after profile termination
1 year after last use
Delivery of service
1 month after profile termination
Social interaction between users
1 month after profile termination
Invitation to friends
3 months after the invitation is sent
User support
1 months after termination of profile
Jigidi paid membership
1 months after termination of profile
Moderation
1 months after termination of profile (in special cases up to 8 years)
Operation logging
6 months
Bookkeeping and financial obligations
6 years after the transaction is recorded
The more specific personal data that we use for delivering specific services, including email invitations, that are not necessary for bookkeeping or maintenance of the relation and communication between you and us, are only processed as part of delivering the specific service to you and is duly deleted when delivery of the service is concluded.
We have taken technical and organisational measures to protect your information against incidental or illegal deletion, publication, loss, degradation, unauthorised access, misuse or otherwise processed contrary to relevant legislation.
7. Your right to withdraw your consent
At any time, you may withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data where that is not necessary for us to deliver the service (see the list of data supplied and controlled by you in the section Categories of personal data). For the personal data that is needed for us to provide the service we offer you may delete your account if you do not want us to process that data.
Our advertising partners may process your personal data. Your ability to manage your consent for these to process your personal data depends on your and the provider's residency. For EU and Californian residents, please refer to consent settings. For residents outside these regions you may find further information on the privacy policy pages of the following third-parties:
Google, LLC.
privacy policy
Amazon.com, Inc
privacy policy
Publift Pty Ltd.
privacy policy
You may also delete or block your cookies as described above, and you are free to contact us to delete your account. You may get in touch with us through our website.
If you choose to withdraw your consent, this will not affect the legality of our processing of your personal data up until your withdrawal, as this may be based on any consent you have given us earlier on. Withdrawal of consent will, therefore, only affect how and what we process your data from this point in time and going forward.
We may choose to keep processing specific kinds of data, where these may serve to protect other users or our services. Examples of this include:
Cyberbullying or harassment
Repeatable misuse or disregard for our guidelines
Illegal activities
8. Your rights
By the EU general data protection regulation (EU-GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you have a series of rights in relation to our processing of your personal data.
If you wish to exhibit these rights, please read below and contact us using our site.
The right to insight and transparency (access)
You have a right to get insight into which information we are processing about you.
Right to correct information (rectification)
You have the right to correct imprecise or wrong information that we may be processing about you.
Right to be forgotten (erasure)
To the extent possible within the law and our other obligations, you have the right to be forgotten. This includes deleting your account and anonymising or deleting your data.
Your right to be forgotten is treated in the same way as a complete withdrawal of your consent, and deletion of your account and data as described above in the section Your right to withdraw your consent.
Right to blocking or limiting processing (restriction)
You have the right to limiting our processing of your personal data.
This is treated in the same way as partial withdrawal of consent described in the section Your right to withdraw your consent above but may also include blacklisting and other means to ensure further limiting.
Right to object in general and in relation to automated decision-making
You have the right to object to our processing and any results of automated decision-making.
We currently do not use automated decision-making as part of our services, but our ad-partners may.
For contact with our ad-partners, please see the following privacy policy pages:
Google, LLC.
privacy policy
Amazon.com, Inc
privacy policy
Publift Pty Ltd.
privacy policy
Right to export your data (portability)
You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, standardised and machine-readable format as well as getting assistance to transfer your information from one to another data controller without undue obstacles.
This right is to protect you by ensuring that you can transfer personal data about and relevant to you to another service provider. This does not, however, include data, that is specific for or only relevant for our services neither does this include data owned by us, our other users or by third parties.
9. Additional Information for California Users
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), Californian residents have the right to declare their preferences on the sale of data for advertising and marketing purposes. If you wish to change your preferences, click this link to launch our preference portal.
We use the following third-parties to provide monetisation technologies for our site:
Google, LLC.
privacy policy
Amazon.com, Inc
privacy policy
Publift Pty Ltd.
privacy policy
10. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we make changes to our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date at the bottom of this page.
11. We are the data controller – how to contact us?
Looper P/S is the data controller for processing the personal data that we have collected and received about you. You may find our contact information below.
For the fastest response time, please contact us using our site.
Looper P/SVesterbrogade 241620 CopenhagenDenmarkVAT-no.: DK35664777Email: privacy@looper.dk
12. Complaining to the Data Protection Authorities
You have the right to complain to the Data Protection Authorities if you think we are violating your rights or processing your personal data contrary to the law. You may complain to:
The Danish Data Protection AgencyCarl Jacobsens Vej 352500 ValbyDenmarkEmail: dt@datatilsynet.dkPhone: +45 3319 3200
Last revision: 9 October 2020
Puzzles
Most Recent
Jigsaw Puzzle Categories
By User
Search
Jigidi
About
Plus
Contact
Blog
We Support
Help
Basics
Guidelines
FAQ
Support
Me
Join Jigidi
Sign In
© 2012-2020
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Consent Settings
Do Not Sell My Data