http://www.slcentral.com/about/legal.php
Latest Deals
Navigation
Home
Search
Forums
Hardware
Games
Tech News
Deals
Prices
A Guru's World
CPU/Memory Watch
Site Info
Latest News
Corsair TX750W Power Supply Unit Review
Businesses For Sale
Shure E530PTH Earphones Review
Guide to HDTVs
Cheap Web Hosting
>> Read More
Latest Reviews
Corsair TX750W Power Supply Unit - 4-/-0/2008
Shure E530PTH Earphones - 9-/-0/2007
Suunto T6 Wrist Top Computer - 1-/-0/2007
Suunto X9i Wristwatch - 9-/-0/2006
Shure E3g Earphones - 5-/-0/2006
>> Read More
SL Newsletter
Recieve bi-weekly updates on news, new articles, and more
Site Info > Legal/Privacy Statement
Go Back
Ownership of SLCentral
Slcentral.com is owned by
Symbios Group
25 Barnes Wallis Rd
Segensworth East
Fareham
Hants. PO15 5TT
UK
Privacy Statement for
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
All graphics, and written content on this website is the sole property of , unless otherwise stated. Any logos, names, slogans, or product pictures are owned by their respective companies, and may be copyrighted. Any sort of use of anything on this webpage may not be used without the permission of , or else legal action may be taken.
will not be held responsible for any misinformation, damage to readers computer systems, or anything damaged as a result of anything published on this webpage. Any hardware or software reviewed is published with the opinion of the author.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address), and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Contests
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address), and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the contests is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites.
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
We currently engage in partnerships that include co-branding and other types of relationships.
Those partnerships in which are specified with a "Powered By" image, makes the content within those pages a part of the company in which it is powered by.
We are not responsible for that content in any way.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us.
You can send email to steve@slcentral.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: steve@slcentral.com
Hardware
Reviews, Articles, News, All Reviews...
Gaming
Reviews, Articles, The News...
Regular Sections
A Guru's World, CPU/Memory Watch, SLDeals...
SLBoards
Forums, Register(Free), Todays Discussions...
Site Info
Search, About Us, Advertise...
Copyright © 1998-2007 . All Rights Reserved.
Friday 11th December 2020 05:44 AM
Legal | Advertising | Site Info