http://www.acolbridge.co.uk/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Menu
Home
Rules of Bridge
Acol Bidding
Conventions
Declarer Play
Defensive Play
Hands
Links
Download
Privacy
Contact us
Books
Play SudokuFish DatabaseBird DatabasePlant Database
Cookie Policy
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies please visit the link below:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
In addition to the above, this website uses the cookie 'PHPSESSID' in order to keep track of your user name, if you are logged in. This information is not supplied to any third parties.
Information we collect when you visit our website
We collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section.
Webserver log information
Our website servers automatically log the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as the pages accessed, information requested, the date and time of the request, the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website), and your browser version and operating system.
Our website servers are located in the United Kingdom.
Use of website server log information for IT security purposes
We collect and store server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and other cyber attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity.
Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, we do not make any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our processing of information about individuals. Recording access to our website using server log files is such a measure.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: we have a legitimate interest in using your information for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.
Use of website server log information to analyse website use and improve our website
We use the information collected by our website server logs to analyse how our website users interact with our website and its features. For example, we analyse the number of visits and unique visitors we receive, the time and date of the visit, the location of the visit, and the operating system and browser used.
We use the information gathered from the analysis of this information to improve our website. For example, we use the information gathered to change the information, content and structure of our website and individual pages based according to what users are engaging most with and the duration of time spent on particular pages on our website.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: improving our website for our website users and getting to know our website users
preferences so our website can better meet their needs and desires.
How long we retain your information
Server log information is retained for up to 31 days, after which the IP addresses are anonymized to remove unique IP address information before being backed up.
Search the site
Web
www.acolbridge.co.uk