http://www.bgsnowie.com/legal/privacy-policy.dhtml
About
Support
FAQ
Online help
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 2nd December
2015
Snowie Games Ltd ("the Operator")
knows that You care how information about You is used and shared and is committed to
protecting your personal information. The Operator wants its services to be safe and
enjoyable for everyone. This Policy aims to help you understand what information the
Operator might collect about You and how the Operator uses that
information.
By visiting the Website having
domain name www.bgsnowie.com including any of its sub-domains and links thereon, (and by accessing
or using any Service or Software available from the Operator through this Website or
which is available for download through third party applications) You are accepting and
consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The Operator complies with the
data protection laws of Malta, transposing the relevant Directive of the European
Union. Any personal information provided to or gathered by the Operator is controlled
by the Operator (acting as the data controller in terms of data protection
laws).
Information
Gathered
The information gathered about
users of the Website helps the Operator personalise and continually improve the
experience on the Website and the Services/Software provided to End-Users generally.
The Operator uses the information to improve the Website infrastructure and
Services/Software offered and to prevent or detect fraud or
abuses.
Information is received, stored
and processed when you submit information on the Website or through the
Services/Software such as providing hand history for data analysis. You can choose not
to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of some
of the Website, Services or Software features. The information that you provide is used
for purposes as responding to your requests, customising future services for you and
communicating with you.
Certain types of information are
processed whenever You interact with the Operator (including for instance through the
use of "cookies", or through email confirmations when You open emails, if your terminal
supports such functionality).
Customer Service
Correspondence
If You send the Operator
correspondence, including emails and faxes, information is retained in the records of
your account. Customer service correspondence and other correspondence from the
Operator to you is also retained in order to keep records of relationships with users,
to measure and improve customer service, and to investigate potential fraud and
violations of the Operator’s terms and conditions. Over time, such records may be
deleted if permitted by law.
Questionnaires, Surveys and
Profile Data
The Operator may from time to
time, offer optional questionnaires and surveys to users for such purposes as
collecting demographic information or assessing users' interests and needs. The use of
the information collected will be explained in detail in the survey itself. If
personally identifiable information is collected from users, users will be given notice
of how the information will be used prior to their participation in the survey or
questionnaire.
Direct
Marketing
As outlined by this Privacy
Policy the Operator shall obtain your contact details for electronic mail in relation
to the sale of its products or its Services/Software and therefore may use such details
for direct marketing of its own similar products or services. In all correspondence You
shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving direct
marketing.
Cookies
Visiting the Operator’s
Websites and/or using the Operator’s Services/Software with your browser settings
adjusted to accept cookies tells the Operator that you want to use the Operator’s
products and services and that you consent to the Operator’s use of cookies and
other technologies to provide them to you as described in this Privacy Policy See
below for information on how to modify the settings in your browser to notify you when
you receive a new cookie and disable cookies altogether.
Cookies are alphanumeric
identifiers that are transferred to your computer's (or other internet-connected
device’s) hard drive through your Web browser to enable the Operator’s
systems to recognise your browser and to provide certain ancillary services. Cookies
may also be used by the Operator for additional purposes,
including:
Identifying You when you
sign-in to the Website or Services/Software.
To provide You with product
recommendations, to display personalised content, to recognise you as a registered
member; amongst other customised features and services the Operator
provides.
Keeping track of your
specified preferences. This allows the Operator to honour your likes and dislikes,
such as whether or not you would like to see certain online
advertisements.
Conducting research and
diagnostics to improve the Operator’s content, products and
services;
Preventing fraudulent
activities.
Improving
security.
The "settings" or "control panel"
on the menu bar of most browsers will allow you to prevent your browser from accepting
new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how
to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete data used by
browser add-ons by amending the add-on's settings.
However please note that cookies
allow you to take advantage of some of the Operator’s essential features that
facilitate your experience. It is therefore recommended that You leave them turned on.
If you do leave cookies turned on, be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared
computer.
Cookies may also be collected by
third-party service providers (such as PayPal, Google Analytics, Facebook) offering
services through the Website or the Software. If you limit the use of cookies your
ability to use such third-party services may be limited. We recommend that you read the
privacy policy of the respective service-providers to understand why and how they
collect cookies.
Shared
Information
Information about You and other
users is an important part of the Operator’s business and the Operator is not in
the business of selling it to others.
The Operator shares customer
information only as described below and with the Operator’s related companies and
subsidiaries which the Operator controls and that are either subject to this Privacy
Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy
Policy.
Other than as set out above, you
will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will
have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
If personal information is
transferred to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing
information as set out above, the Operator will ensure that the information is
transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the applicable
laws on data protection.
The Operator works to protect the
security of your information during transmission by using encryption software. The
Operator maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with
the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information.
The Operator’s security procedures may require proof of Your identity before any
personal information (including about You) is disclosed to
You.
It is important for you to
protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer and it is
strongly advisable to sign off when you finish using a shared
computer.
Should the Operator reasonably
believe you are infringing in any way your obligations, the Operator shall have the
right to disclose personal information to any third-party entity potentially involved
in the breach.
Links to Third-Party
Website
The Website may include
third-party advertising and links to other Websites. The Operator does not provide any
personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party linked
websites who work on their own behalf. The Operator does not have access to or control
over cookies or other features that they may use, and their information practices are
not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Privacy policy