http://www.colvillecasinos.com/privacy-policy/
Home
HotelBook A Room
LocateDirections
12 Tribes
12 Tribes
Property Overview
Hotel
RV Park
Spa
Gaming
Dining
Nightlife
Group Sales
Getting Here
Mill Bay
Mill Bay
Property Overview
Gaming
Dining
Deep Water Amphitheater
Nightlife
Getting Here
Coulee Dam
Coulee Dam
Property Overview
Gaming
Dining
Bar/Lounge
Getting Here
Players Club
Promotions
News
12 Tribes Colville Casinos Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
12 Tribes Colville Casinos values and respects customers privacy and is committed to protecting your online presence. The Privacy Policy pertains to 12 Tribes Colville Casinos and the 12 Tribes Colville Casinos website. 12 Tribes Colville Casinos does not sell, trade or rent any personal or non-personal information to outside unauthorized parties.
Information We Collect
When you visit the 12 Tribes Colville Casinos website, we track and collect certain information that is non-personally identifiable. This information includes: (i) your operating system; (ii) your web browser; (iii) your IP address; (iv) the duration of your use; (v) the pages viewed; (vi) search words; and (vii) dates and times that our site is accessed. This information does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes and for improving your experience on our website. You may be asked to provide personal information so that we can respond to your request. We will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our site activities. We may combine information collected online through the site with any other data we have collected about you using our offline resources including, but not limited to, Players Club accounts, surveys, guest comments and market research.
Categories of Information We Collect
Special Promotions or Informational EmailsOccasionally, we request visitors of the site to provide an email address in order to send information about promotions and special offers or to be eligible for promotions and giveaways.
Online SurveysOccasionally, we may also ask you to fill out an online customer survey to obtain your suggestions or comments to better understand the effectiveness of 12 Tribes Colville Casinos services, this website or for other similar purposes. Providing this information is solely at your choice. This will help us understand your needs and better serve you the next time you visit one of the 12 Tribes Colville Casinos.
CookiesWe currently use "cookies" on our website to detect your web browser's multimedia capabilities and to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding website usage. Cookies may also be used to help speed your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during registration) but does not include data that will identify you personally. Cookies are text files that store very small bits of information that help to identify you and your session interacting with a website. To learn more specifics about how cookies work, please refer to the help section of your web browser.
Disclosure of Information We Collect
Except as provided for herein, we do not disclose to third parties any information obtained through our website without your consent. Your information may be disclosed if necessary: (i) to protect and defend our rights or property; (ii) to comply with a court order or other legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authorities, including but not limited to, authorities which regulate gaming activities; or (iii) in our sole discretion, in extraordinary circumstances in which we deem such disclosure is prudent.
Our Commitment to Data Security
We take every reasonable precaution to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Nevertheless, when disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that there is an inherent risk in the use of email and the internet. Your information may be intercepted without our consent, collected illegally and used by others without your consent. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
External Links
Our website provides links to other websites. We do not endorse the materials disseminated at these other websites. We are not responsible for the content, validity, privacy policies or reliability of any website linked to our site.
Removal from Database
Use this form to contact us to be removed from our email/text database. Be sure to include the email address you used to register.
Persons Under the Age of 18 and 21
Pursuant to applicable law, persons under the age of 18 are not permitted to play at our casino, loiter in gaming areas or consume alcoholic beverages. Certain restrictions at 12 Tribes Colville Casinos are applied to those under 21 years of age (consuming alcohol). We reserve the right to verify your age at any time, for any reason, and may refuse admittance or service to a person who does not have a valid government pictured identification at any time while at 12 Tribes Colville Casinos. In addition, our website is not intended for persons under the age of 18.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or change this Privacy Policy at any time, simply by posting such changes on the site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
For questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Sign up for Email Alerts
Book A Room
Player’s Advantage Club
GET SOCIAL
12 Tribes
Mill Bay
Coulee Dam
12 Tribes Resort Casino
Follow the Jackpots
Mindy won $18,942.08!
Mill Bay Casino
Say Congratulations
Robert won big playing Buffalo Gold!
Coulee Dam Casino
Like Us On Facebook
See the Winners
Timber Wolf Deluxe was howling over Stephen's win!
NEWS & OFFERS
Sign up and get our very best deals delivered right to your inbox!
Submit
12 Tribes Colville Casinos
12 Tribes Resort Casino
28968 Highway 97 | Omak, WA 98841
1.800.559.4643 | 509.422.4646
Hotel Reservations: 844.526.8600
Mill Bay Casino
455 Wapato Lake Road | Manson, WA 98831
800.648.2946 | 509.687.6911
Coulee Dam Casino
515 Birch Street | Coulee Dam, WA 99116
800.556.7492 | 509.633.0766
About Us
Contact Us
Donations
Employment
Driving Directions
Promotions
Players Advantage Club
Email Sign Up
Responsible Gaming
Privacy Policy
Site Map