http://www.paulsquiz.com/privacy/200-legal/5-policies/10-privacy-policy
HomePrivacy
Cookie Policy for PaulsQuiz.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
If you create a premium account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact, namely, that you are indeed logged in. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ, easily found by using a search engine and searching for "Google AdSense privacy FAQ", without the quotes. Much more detailed information regarding the use of cookies from Google on this website can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Google cookies may remain on your computer for up to two years and may be cleared by either setting up your computer from fresh or by physically emptying your cookies storage, again the method for performing that can be found in your browser's help system.
We use adverts to offset the costs of running this site and provide funding for further development. The behavioural advertising cookies used by this site are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to send them by email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or by using the "Contact" link at bottom of every page on this website or via it's associated menu systems.
Personal data stored by PaulsQuiz.com
What information do we gather and store in our database
Upon loading a page provided by PaulsQuiz.com, our own server database does not store any information, other than the IP address of the visitor and the time at which they access the page. This is applicable only when the visitor is not logged in to the website. We also have a detailed server log, as do all websites, and the data from which may not be accessed externally by any user.
Upon account creation without a valid subscription being acquired, PaulsQuiz.com captures a chosen or desired username as well as the IP address of the visitor, a chosen password and an email address. This information is required to establish that the user is unique and does not already have a user account at PaulsQuiz.com. Passwords are hash-encoded and encrypted by our database system and cannot be accessed even by an administrator. The resetting of a password is required to be performed by the user and will not be performed by PaulsQuiz.com. A flag can be set by the administrator to require that a user should change their password on the event of a subsequent visit. Email addresses are not available to other users of the website. Email's containing account activation and status may be sent automatically to the user at the initiation of a new account as well as at the end, or close to the end of a subscription period.
Upon subscription, a user will be asked to provide a variety of personal information as required by the chosen payment method system. For example, when adding a subscription to an existing account by PayPal as chosen method, only a valid PayPal username (in the form of an email address) and a chosen username and password is required. This information is sent directly to PayPal securely in order to process payment and is not stored by PaulsQuiz.com. Upon successful payment, PayPal send an authorisation link directly to the server at PaulsQuiz.com and upon verification, an account is activated and linked to it's chosen subscription. If however the chosen method of payment is 2Checkout, a third-party payment processing company, then more personal details are required, such as a full name, an address and telephone number, as well as various other methods of identification in order to allow 2Checkout to process the payment via bank debit card or credit card. This information is not stored by PaulsQuiz.com and is only transmitted once via a secure connection to 2Checkout.com. Again, upon a successful payment verification, only the basic details are stored within the subscription database at PaulsQuiz.com and only include username, first and last names, email address associated with the user account at PaulsQuiz.com and finally the transaction ID number of the payment that was made. All other information is disregarded during the saving of payments and subscriptions. We at PaulsQuiz.com will be more than happy to prove that the information is true should a user request that from us, but only when contacted by a verified user using only the email address provided to us. Passwords cannot be read or provided as they are stored in a hash-table, encrypted form, and are as such completely unreadable to administrators at PaulsQuiz.com.
Upon request, transmitted to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., PaulsQuiz.com will be happy to remove all personal data as detailed above (username, password and email address) from the user database should a user wish to enforce their rights to be forgotten. This process may take up to 24 hours from the time of writing to the aforementioned email address.
Dave Small (see "Contact" link at the bottom of every page at PaulsQuiz.com or relevant menu systems) will take on the role as Data Protection Officer (DPO) at PaulsQuiz.com and may be contacted by email via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or via Facebook Messenger via www.facebook.com/pubquiz .
Members Login
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
Social Networking
Twitter
Facebook
Merchandise: T-Shirts & more for Quizmasters
Our T-Shirt Shop