https://www.daysofwonder.com/en/about/terms/
Days of Wonder
Our games
Community
Store
Play
About
Online Games
Login
Forgot Password?
New player?
Days of Wonder Website - Terms of Use
This Internet website is owned and operated by Days of Wonder, Inc. and its affiliates. Please read these terms of service and conditions of use carefully before using this website. By using this website, you signify your consent to these terms of use in addition to any other law or regulation that applies to the website, the Internet, and/or the World Wide Web. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND CONDITIONS OF USE STATED HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE DAYS OF WONDER WEBSITE.
Use of Materials on this Website
Days of Wonder maintains this website for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Without Days of Wonder's prior written permission, you may not reproduce, distribute, modify, display, prepare derivative works based on, repost or otherwise use the content of this website, except that you may download one copy of the material in temporal storage on one computer for your personal, non-commercial home viewing only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright or other intellectual property right.
In the event you download software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "software") are licensed to you by Days of Wonder. Days of Wonder does not transfer title to the software to you. You own the medium on which the software is recorded, but Days of Wonder retains full and complete title to the software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the software to a human-readable form.
Online Content Created by Members
The website allows you to post and publish "Content" on Days of Wonder Web Servers "Days of Wonder Online". You shall not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through Days of Wonder Online any Content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. Content published on Days of Wonder Online shall be used only in a non-commercial manner. You shall not, without our express written approval, distribute or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, or solicitation for goods or services using Days of Wonder Online. You specifically acknowledge that soliciting other Members to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organization is expressly prohibited.
Ownership of Published Content
Except for personal information as governed by our Privacy Policy, any Content, communication or material you transmit to Days of Wonder Online, including forum messages, game scenarios, stories, data, images, videos, questions or answers, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Days of Wonder or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to product or service solicitations, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. You further represent that any Content you upload on Days of Wonder Online is yours, and does not infringe on any third-party's trademarks or copyrights.
Game Design Submissions
Days of Wonder does not accept unsolicited game submissions, ideas or proposals.
Any unsolicited submissions, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques posted or sent to us will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Privacy of Private Messaging
It is our policy to respect the privacy of all Members. Therefore, in addition to the privacy of registration data (see our Privacy Policy), we will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a Member's Private Messages unless required in the course of normal maintenance of the Days of Wonder website and its systems or unless required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Days of Wonder, Inc.; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Days of Wonder, Inc.; or (3) act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of our Members or the public. Members shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.
No Cheating
Days of Wonder does not tolerate the use of cheat programs, the reverse-engineering of protocols or code, the use of multiple accounts for the purpose of cheating, players' collusion or any other form of cheating in its online community. Any player found cheating will be subject to a one time warning, and the subsequent freeze of its account, reset of its ranking and/or permanent removal of player privileges, at Days of Wonder's sole option.
Fair play in Online Play
By joining any of Days of Wonder's Online games, you agree to exercise constant fair play vis a vis your fellow players. Any player found voluntarily quitting an online game before its normal completion, using stalling tactics to induce others to forfeit, or using foul or obscene language, will face, at Days of Wonder's sole discretion: the freezing of their online account, resetting of their ranking and/or permanent removal of player privileges.
Links
Days of Wonder has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this website and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this website. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Days of Wonder. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Championships & Events - Legal Disclaimer
Because anyone may enter a Championships or an Event on our web site, Days of Wonder cannot be held responsible for anything related to these events. Days of Wonder does not officially endorse any Championship or Event, and cannot guarantee the validity of the description. Therefore use of the Championships and Events pages is done at the user's own risks.Thanks for your understanding.
General Provisions
Days of Wonder may revise these terms from time to time by updating or revising this posting, with the revised terms taking effect as of the date of its posting. Days of Wonder controls and operates this website from its headquarters in Los Altos California, United States of America and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this website from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Days of Wonder products are available in many parts of the world. However, this website may describe products that are not available worldwide. If any portion of these terms is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest extent possible and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Any cause of action you may have with respect to this website must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
Disclaimer
The material in this website could include technical inaccuracies or other errors. Your use and browsing of the website is at your risk. Days of Wonder does not assume responsibility for continuously updating any page of this Web site. Unless there is a specific statement on a page of the Web site that the page has been updated on a certain date, you should not assume that the page has been updated or that the content of the page remains current. Neither Days of Wonder, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the website. Days of Wonder does not warrant that the functional aspects of the website will be uninterrupted or error free or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the website is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Days of Wonder reserves the right to make changes to this website at any time without notice.
Limitation of Availability of Online Services
Although Days of Wonder makes its best efforts to ensure the availability of Days of Wonder Online servers and services, access can be temporarily suspended for technical or maintenance reasons, without prior notice. Days of Wonder does not warranty any Content that you publish on Days of Wonder Online, which can be lost for any cause. Therefore, you are responsible for making your own backups of the Content that you decide to publish on Days of Wonder Online. Accessing to Days of Wonder Online requires an Internet connection for which you fully support charges and responsibilities.
Possible Changes of Conditions for Online Services
Days of Wonder retains all rights to change the conditions for accessing the Days of Wonder Online servers and services, including charging for access or discontinuing these services permanently.
Corporate Identification, Site Content & Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Days of Wonder, Inc. used herein including their logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Days of Wonder, Inc. or its affiliates. You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify Days of Wonder, Inc. trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this website, without Days of Wonder, Inc.'s prior consent. The use of Days of Wonder, Inc. trademarks on any other website or network computer environment is not allowed. You may not use the Days of Wonder, Inc. trademarks as a "hot" link on or to any other website unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance.
Trademarks Notice
Days of Wonder, and Days of Wonder Online are trademarks or registered trademarks of Days of Wonder, Inc. Other product and brand names on this site may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Copyright
All content on the website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the website without the written permission of Days of Wonder. Days of Wonder neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Days of Wonder. Images, photographs, or illustrations displayed on the website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Days of Wonder. The use of these materials by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the website. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Our games are not authorized for posting on Steam, except under the Steam accounts named daysofwonder_builder and daysofwonderericb.
Terms of Use – DoW Account – Privacy Policy – Cookie Policy – Ordering and Shipping Policy – Server Status – Contact us
Copyright ©2002-2020 Days of Wonder Inc.
click here for more information