http://www.rpg.sg/privacy
Home  |
News  |
Offers  |
Search  |
Forum  |
Advertise  |
Contact Us
Genre
Pet Games
Role-Playing Games
Strategy Games
Sports Games
Arcade Sites
MUD Games
Others
Game Owner
Submit Game
Submit News
Advertise
Game Owner Login
Advertisements
Advertisements
Partners
MediWar RPG
Virtual Pets
TopMafia RPG
Privacy Policy For RPG.SG
Last Updated: 19 Mar 2010
RPG.SG wants to help you make the most of your visit to our website, and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy.
Most of the features on our website are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you.
You can surf the site and view much of our content anonymously. For those areas of our website and services that do require us to collect
Personal Information, this Privacy Policy will tell you what you need to know to make good decisions for yourself.
This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect, use and share information from this website.
This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our website.
By using this website, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as posted in this area of the site.
If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our website.
Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit our site.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files
include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the
browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which
pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies And Web Beacons
Cookies may be used to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could
include showing you relevant ads in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forum or member area.
DoubleClick DART Cookies
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Links To Third Party Web Sites
Please be advised that this website contains hyperlinks to other websites, some of which may display
our site's content or logo. These third party websites may have their own privacy policies, however, all of these
websites and their privacy policies are independent of our website or this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for compliance with other websites' privacy policies or data collection practices.
You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information
to these third party websites.
Third Party Ad Servers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website.
Some of these companies may use technology such as cookies and web beacons to collect anonymous information
(e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date or subject of advertisements clicked)
about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely
to be of greater interest to you and geotargeting purposes (relevant local ads based on location).
If you would like to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice and to know your choices about
not having this information used by these companies, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org
Opt-Out
Any feature on our website requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving any newsletters,
or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates. In addition, if after registering,
you would no longer like to receive any such materials or correspondence, send an e-mail to us.
Indicate your preference to "unsubscribe" and we will promptly remove you from our list. Please be sure to
include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail. You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered
for more than one of our features or services.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by
managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to
interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs,
such as logging into forums or member accounts.
Changes In This Privacy Policy
We reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy,
we will post those changes here and we will change the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page. We encourage you
to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Feature
Daily PSP Movie
MediWar RPG
Virtual Pets
Advertisements
Advertisements
MMORPG
RPG.SG © 2005-2020
Privacy Policy