https://www.bccachess.org/about/privacy-policy/
The British Correspondence Chess Association (BCCA) is committed to protecting and respecting personal data.
This policy explains when, how, and why we collect personal data about people.
Who we are
The BCCA is a correspondence chess club based in the United Kingdom.
How we collect your information
The only information we obtain about our members is provided by them directly.    Our website uses cookies but we do not collect personal data simply as a result of a person visiting our website.
Information for Players
What public information do you store about me?
We store your name, postal address, email address*, nationality (in terms of National Federation allegiance to ICCF)*, gender*, year of birth** & telephone number**.
* Only compulsory if the member plays webserver or email chess.
** Not compulsory information.
Why do we need to record this information?
Name, addresses and telephone numbers are stored so that BCCA officers & officials can contact you in respect of BCCA business. Nationality is required because of ICCF (International Correspondence Chess Federation) regulations (see “How Your Information is used” below). Year of birth is required so that BCCA may monitor the age range of its members & possibly organise age-specific tournaments. Gender is required so that BCCA may monitor the gender split of its members & possibly organise gender-specific tournaments.
Who has access to my data?
BCCA officers, officials & your opponents will have access to relevant data only. Any visitor to the ICCF website can view your name; it will also be attached to chess games and rating lists downloaded from the ICCF website.
Who do you share my data with?
The ICCF website has free access open to anyone. Anyone may download database of chess games from the website, and these games may be included in commercial and non-commercial database of chess games.
Can I remove my name from your records?
If you have never played a chess game with BCCA or ICCF then your name can be removed.  However, if you have participated in a BCCA or ICCF tournament, your chess games represent a public historical record and we cannot remove this basic information from these.
In ICCF, who has access to my records?
ICCF has its own Privacy Policy – ICCF Privacy Policy
How your information is used
The personal data we obtain is applied for the following purposes, namely to:
Obtain payment of membership fees to fund the operation of           the BCCA.
Submit details to the International Correspondence Chess Federation (ICCF) to facilitate playing on the ICCF webserver. Your chess games and tournaments are a public record, your
name, national federation, rating and title will be listed on the public ICCF rating lists, your tournament crosstables and your chess games.
Register members to play for the BCCA in competitions which the BCCA enters or which are run by the BCCA.
Communicating with members for the purposes of running the BCCA, including selecting and organising teams and other events.
Consistently with this, the contact details provided to us by members may be used to contact them by mail, telephone, fax or e-mail for the purposes of the BCCA.
We will hold personal data for as long as a person is a member and for six years afterwards. After that, all records are deleted that are held on the personal computers of officers/officials.
Please note that when payments are made to the BCCA using PayPal facilities, personal information is provided to PayPal and not the BCCA and is subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy
Who can access information?
Unless required by law, we do not sell, rent or otherwise share personal data with other third parties.
Where is my data stored?
On the personal records and computers of BCCA officers & officials.
Rights
Members can ask for a copy of the data we hold about them at any time.
Should you have any unresolved complaints about the way we process your personal data, you have the right to make a formal complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the use of our website. We cannot be responsible for other websites even if accessed via links on our website.
Review of this policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 13 May 2018.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact BCCA using the “Contact Us” facility on this website.
Welcoming All Chess Players Since 1906!
Latest News
New BCCA Candidate Master – Trevor Carr
07/09/2020
Triumph and Disaster
23/07/2020
New BCCA Master – Russell Sherwood
23/07/2020
Mark Eldridge
awarded the IM title
06/07/2020
NEW BCCA CANDIDATE MASTER – STEPHANIE LAWRENCE
30/06/2020
New BCCA Candidate Master – Anthony A. Roberts
25/06/2020
ICCF Webserver Login
Why Play Correspondence Chess
Correspondence Chess – Not Just for Engine Junkies
Member CommentsNeil Limbert on Rodford Memorial PrizeTony Cannon on Andrew Dearnley – ICCF International Master!
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks