https://www.dicegamedepot.com/privacy-and-terms/
Search
Categories
DnD Dice / Dice Sets
All DnD Dice / Dice Sets
DnD Dice by Character Class
Dice Sets by Color
Dice Sets by Type
Multiple Dice Set Collections
Random Dice Assortments
6-Sided Dice (d6)
All 6-Sided Dice (d6)
Opaque 6-Sided Dice - Round Corner
Opaque 6-Sided Dice - Square Corner
Deluxe 6-Sided Dice - Swirled, Speckled, etc
Blank 6-Sided Dice
Casino Dice
Foam 6-Sided Dice
Math 6-Sided Dice
Numeral 6-Sided Dice
Specialty 6-Sided Dice
Transparent 6-Sided Dice
War Game Dice
Wood 6-Sided Dice
Word Number 6-Sided Dice
Polyhedral Dice - d4, d8, d10...
All Polyhedral Dice - d4, d8, d10...
4-Sided Dice (d4)
8-Sided Dice (d8)
10-Sided Dice (d10)
12-Sided Dice (d12)
16-Sided Dice
20-Sided Dice (d20)
30-Sided Dice
Polyhedral Dice Assortments
Polyhedral Dice Sets
Dice by Color
All Dice by Color
Black Dice
Blue Dice
Brown Dice
Clear Dice
Gray Dice
Green Dice
Ivory Dice
Metallic Dice
Orange Dice
Pink Dice
Purple Dice
Red Dice
White Dice
Wood Dice
Yellow Dice
Dice by Size
All Dice by Size
5mm Dice (0.2 inch)
8mm Dice (0.3 inch)
10mm Dice (0.4 inch)
12mm Dice (0.5 inch)
14mm Dice (0.55 inch)
16mm Dice (0.629 inch) - Standard size
18mm Dice (0.7 inch)
19mm Dice (0.74 inch)
20mm Dice (0.75 inch)
25mm Dice (1 inch)
28mm Dice (1.1 inch)
29mm Dice (1.15 inch)
35mm Dice (1.4 inch)
50mm Dice (2 inch)
100mm Dice (4 inch)
Dice by Type
All Dice by Type
Blank Dice
Dice in Dice
Glitter and Sparkle Dice
Leaf Dice
Marbleized Dice
Metal Dice
Pearlized Dice
Precision Dice
Single Color Dice
Speckled Dice
Swirl Dice
Transparent Dice
Two-Color Dice
Wood Dice
Dice in Bulk
All Dice in Bulk
Assorted Dice
Blank Dice
Double and Triple Dice
Foam Dice
Language Dice
Math Dice
Opaque Dice
Polyhedral Dice
Specialty Dice
Transparent Dice
Learning & Education
All Learning & Education
Blank Dice / Counting Cubes
Counting Chips
Educational Games
Flash Cards
Language Dice
Math Dice
Games & Puzzles
All Games & Puzzles
Card Games
Dice
Children's Games
Classic Games
Dice Games
Family Games
Party Games
Puzzles
Playing Cards
All Playing Cards
Playing Cards by Brand
Single and Double Decks
Multiple Deck Sets
Gaming Supplies & Accessories
All Gaming Supplies & Accessories
Bells
Bingo
Bunco
Card Accessories
Card Sleeves
Casino Gaming Supplies
Dice Bags, Pouches, and Cases
Dice Cups
Mats, Maps and Tiles
Pawns, Chips, Markers and Tokens
Role-playing Game Supplies
Score Sheets
Storage
TCG Supplies
Trays and Towers
Popular Brands
Chessex
Koplow Games
Brybelly
Wiz Dice
US Playing Card Co
Copag Cards
Tasty Minstrel Games
Modiano
Stratagem
Royal Bingo Supplies
View All
Recent Posts
Yahtzee is a classic dice game that uses five 6-sided dice. It’s easy to learn, quick to play, an
…
read more
Nov 6th 2019 Dice Game Depot
So you want to buy a new 7-piece D&D dice set.Maybe you're looking to buy your first-ever set
…
read more
Jul 11th 2019 Dice Game Depot
The LCR dice game is a fast-moving game that anyone can play. It requires three or more pl
…
read more
May 9th 2018 Dice Game Depot
Reminiscent of solitaire, Kings Corner is a multiplayer game where players attempt to get rid of
…
read more
Jan 12th 2018 Dice Game Depot
Home
Customer Service
Privacy and Terms
Privacy and Terms
Conditions of Use
Thanks for visiting DiceGameDepot.com. You accept these conditions (and those of the Privacy Statement and Return Policy) by visiting or shopping on our website.
License and Web Site AccessViridianFrog Studio, LLC d/b/a Dice Game Depot grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Dice Game Depot. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Dice Game Depot. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Dice Game Depot’s website and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Dice Game Depot’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Dice Game Depot. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Dice Game Depot. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Dice Game Depot as long as the link does not portray Dice Game Depot, its products or its services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Dice Game Depot logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
CopyrightAll content on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images,audio clips, digital clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is property of Dice Game Depot and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Dice Game Depot and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Your AccountBy using this site, you take responsibility for the safety of your password and using it on our Web site. You agree to take responsibility for any activity that takes place under your account or password.
Your OrderWe reserve the right to decline the purchase of any item for any reason. We reserve the right to cancel an order for any reason. We reserve the right to reduce the purchase quantity of any item for any reason.
Backorders
We allow backordering on many of our products. This means that if a product is out of stock, or if you'd like to order more than we currently have in stock, you may order from "Backorder" on the product page. (Alternatively, if you order from "Stock," or if an item does not provide a backorder option, the item(s) are in stock at our warehouse and will ship right away.)
Depending on quantity and item type, backorders typically can be filled within approximately 30 days. However, because of occasional manufacturing or shipping delays, we cannot guarantee a specific delivery date.
If you place an order that contains both in-stock and backordered items, and we anticipate that we will be able to complete your entire order within 30 days, your order will be held until all items are in stock. You may request that the in-stock items be shipped immediately, but a separate shipping charge will then apply to the backordered items.
Your credit card will be charged at the time you place an order, whether or not your order contains backordered items. If you wish to cancel your backorder before shipment, we will provide you with a full refund. If you would like to request a backorder without your credit card being charged until the items are shipped, or if you have any questions about backorders or backordered items, please contact us.
When you request a backorder for any item, you are agreeing to these terms.
If you have questions about backorders or backordered items, please contact us.
Unavailable Items
We work hard to keep track of the thousands of items in our store, and the numerous types and sizes of dice, but on rare occasions an inventory error will occur. If you order an item, and it turns out we do not have sufficient quantities of that item in stock to complete your order, we will contact you and let you know, and we will let you select one of the following options:
Ship the out of stock item(s), at no additional cost to you, when they become available.
Remove the out of stock item(s) from your order and provide you with a 5% discount coupon off your next order with us.
Articles, Reviews, Comments, E-mail & Other Web site ContentVisitors to our Web site may post reviews, comments, and other content; send us e-mail; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing on the intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead our other visitors. Dice Game Depot reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, for that or any other reason as we see fit, but does not regularly review all posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Dice Game Depot a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual,irrevocable, and fully sub licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Dice Game Depot the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if we so choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Dice Game Depot for all claims resulting from content you supply. Dice Game Depot has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Dice Game Depot takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
LinksDice Game Depot may provide links to other Web sites. We do not guarantee anything relating to these Web sites, including their fitness for any particular purpose, nor guarantee their offerings, their honesty or their content.
Risk Of LossAll product purchased from Dice Game Depot is made based on our contracts with our shippers. This means that the risk of loss and title pass to you when the product is accepted by the shipping carrier.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of LiabilityThis site is provided by ViridianFrog Studio, LLC d/b/a Dice Game Depot on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Dice Game Depot makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Dice Game Depot disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Dice Game Depot does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from Dice Game Depot are free of viruses or other harmful components. Dice Game Depot will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Certain state laws do not allow limitation on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Product DescriptionsDice Game Depot tries to be as accurate as we can. However, we do not guarantee that every product description or its reviews are accurate, complete or do not contain errors. If a product does not match the description or reviews, your sole remedy is to return it unused for a refund.
Applicable LawBy visiting DiceGameDepot.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Nebraska, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and ViridianFrog Studio, LLC d/b/a Dice Game Depot.
Our Web Site PoliciesWe reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, those particular conditions shall be deemed severe and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining conditions.
Privacy PledgeWe keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our web site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address and phone number. We use this information only to process your order and to keep you updated on your order. We will never sell, trade or give away your information. Everything you submit remains private and confidential. We will not send you unsolicited email or direct mail.
Trademark and Copyright DisclaimerTrademarked company and game names appear throughout this web site. Rather than list the company names and entities that own the marks and/or insert a trademark symbol with each mention of each name, Dice Game Depot states that the use of these names is for editorial purposes only and to the benefit of the trademark owner with no intention of infringing upon their mark. In addition, Dice Game Depot states that it has no copyright claim over the companies' materials and such materials are used for marketing purposes only. Users of this web site should contact the trademark or copyright owner directly to obtain additional information regarding trademark and copyright issues.
OK