http://www.thekingofspades.com/privacy.asp
PRIVACY POLICY
SIGN-UP AGE
This site is intended for mature audiences. You must be 18 years and
above to play. This is a game that requires mature thinking, interaction
and knowledge. If the language is too difficult for you to comprehend we
recommend playing any other RPGs that are intended for all ages.
If you are under 18 years of age and feel that you can still play this
game, please have a written consent of your parents sent to the King Of
Spades and we may make an exception.
THE KING OF SPADES PRIVACY POLICY
TheKingOfSpades.com is committed to your privacy and makes every effort to ensure the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information.
We respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted a Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide.
Please read this privacy policy carefully, as once you use any of the pages in our website that is the property of TheKingOfSpades.com and is not an outside link, you will be deemed to have read and accepted this privacy policy.
WHAT DO WE COLECT
We will only collect personal information about you, given by you, when you register with us or contact us for information.
No registration is required to access the following sections: Intro, Art, Gallery, Story, Pioneer Legends, FAQ,
To play the King of Spades game, your registration is required.
Registeration will request that you provide is with minimal personal information including: your name, a valid email address, gender and your age.
We use your e-mail address to send the periodical newsletter that tells you about important progress of the King of Spades project.
This newsletter is usually sent out twice a week. At the bottom of each newsletter, there is information on how to opt-out of our newsletter.
To enable us to provide better customer support we may also ask you to provide a number of security questions which we can use to verify your
identity if you require assistance in the future. The questions and the answers you provide are up to you.
We also sometimes collect and store other information by way of a questionnaire to assist our advertisers and partners.
You may opt-out of providing this information by choosing not to subscribe to the King of Spades game.
WHAT OTHER INFORMATION IS STORED?
Other than your fictional "superbeing"'s data which you create and modify as you play the game, we store the following information:
We use cookies only to identify your "User-ID" whenever you visit the webpage. No other cookies are used.
As for the game and your character's game information, we use Session Variables, these are stored in your browser's session, and unlike cookies,
they are highly secure and are deleted the moment you close your browser.
We collect your IP Number for security purposes. This is to track hackers who may steal your account, and at the same time safeguard our website
from illegal use of simultaneous logins in multiple accounts.
The site and Game generate and store logs indicating usage of our site and activity in our game.
Your game progress information are automatically saved in the game.
WHAT WE DO TO THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
The information may be used:
a)
To provide our customer support service, and to verify any claims or requests you make if you use our customer support service.
b)
To enforce our terms and conditions, and prevent hacking activities against our site or exploiting bugs in the game (This includes the Database Administrator examining the Whisper and Memo records).
c)
To send service announcements which contain important information about our game, our site, or your account. (e.g. The Newsletter, which you can opt-out at any time)
We do not share personal information with any outside
parties. Personal information collected by us is used for the game
purposes only. Advertisements placed in our newsletters (if any) are for
publishing purposes only. Those clients do not receive your personal
information or e-mail address. As TheKingOfSpades.com is free to use and the only way we pay for the game's talents, work and web-host are banner advertisements and donation money, if we feel at any time that we need to indulge in selling personal
information to advertisers in order to receive a fair pay for our efforts, time and talent, all members will be notified of the change of Policies in the News section of the website (we are not obligated to use any other means than so).
d)
To aggregate information to generate anonymous statistics regarding use of our services. We may share this anonymous information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
e)
For our own internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can consistently improve our sites to better meet our visitors' needs
f)
To disclose information to the extent required by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authority, or to enforce legal rights.
We respect your privacy. Except as specified above we will not sell, rent, or disclose your personal information to other companies. We will not use your email address to send you 'spam'.
SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN 12 YEARS AND
UNDER
TheKingOfSpades.com encourages parents to spend time online with their children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet. No information may be submitted to TheKingOfSpades.com by persons under the age of 18 without the consent of a parent or guardian, unless permitted by applicable laws.
THIRD PARTY SITES
We partner with third parties to provide specific services. As part of these services TheKingOfSpades.com might store information, that was entered via the third party's site in our database.
We use outside billing companies (paypal.com) to
process membership payments and donations securely. We use outside
companies to provide and serve the adverts on our website.
These companies' privacy policies can be found on their websites respectively.
Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by TheKingOfSpades.com, and not to web sites maintained by other companies or organisations to which we link.
TheKingOfSpades.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of third party sites. Whenever you provide registration information on co-branded or private label sites, that data may be shared with the third-party company providing the service. You should make every effort to read the individual privacy policies of such third parties and make an informed decision on your own whether or not to continue based upon these sites' privacy practices and your own discretion. You may opt-out of sharing your information with such providers by choosing not to use that service or content.
SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
TheKingOfSpades.com will only collect personally identifiable information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate purposes, and TheKingOfSpades.com will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided. In addition, TheKingOfSpades.com will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom TheKingOfSpades.com transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of that personal information.
REVIEW, CORRECTION AND DELETION OF
INFORMATION
If for any reason you are concerned that the
personal/character information maintained by TheKingOfSpades.com is not
correct or needs modification, or should you wish to have your name
removed from our records, where that information is not modifiable online,
please contact the developer at: developer@thekingofspades.com
and he will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate.
PERSONAL ASSENT
By using this site, you signify your assent to the TheKingOfSpades.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Terms and ConditionsCopyright
?2002 TheKingOfSpades.com
Visit XViREnt: VR MMORPG: Experiences in Virtual Reality Entertainment, Virtual Reality Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game