http://www.chesscorner.net/terms.php?PHPSESSID=893f119d7555b41500d039a25feb7f49
Terms And Conditions
Your use of this web site (chesscorner.net) is provided by chesscorner.net
subject to the following terms:
By using chesscorner.net you agree to be legally bound by these terms which
will take effect immediately on your first use of chesscorner.net. If you
do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms you should
leave this web site immediately, not use the files herein, and not register
or subscribe to this service.
Changes to terms
chesscorner.net reserves the right to change these terms at any time by posting
changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware
of any changes made by chesscorner.net. Your continued use of chesscorner.net
after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms
as updated and/or amended.
Use of ChessCorner.net
You may not copy, reproduce, download, adapt, alter, create derivative work
or in any way make available to the public content found on chesscorner.net
You agree to use chesscorner.net only for lawful purposes, and in a way that
does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and
enjoyment of chesscorner.net. Prohibited behaviour includes harassing or causing
distress or inconvenience to any person, transmitting obscene or offensive
content or disrupting the normal flow of communication within chesscorner.net
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
chesscorner.net content is provided "AS IS" and on an "IS
AVAILABLE" basis without any representations or any kind of warranty
made (whether expressed or implied by law) to the extent permitted by law,
including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular
purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
Under no circumstances will chesscorner.net be liable for any of the following
losses or damage (whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or
otherwise): (a) loss of data; (b) loss of revenue or anticipated profits;
(c) loss of business; (d) loss of opportunity; (e) loss of goodwill or injury
to reputation; (f) losses suffered by third parties; or (g) any indirect,
consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of chesscorner.net
regardless of the form of action.
chesscorner.net does not warrant that functions contained in chesscorner.net
content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected,
or that chesscorner.net or the server that makes it available are free of
viruses or bugs.
Intellectual Property
The content, including but not limited to text, software, music, sound, photographs,
video, graphics, or other material contained on chesscorner.net is protected
by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights
and laws; therefore the content may not be copied, reproduced, distributed
or derivative works may not be created from this content without expressly
being authorized to do so by chesscorner.net.
Privacy
Please see chesscorner.net's Privacy Policy
Children
To comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, ChessCorner.net
is only available to users who are at least 13 years old. If you are under
13 you are not permitted to use this site.
Community Rules
Communication via the forum, private message, chat at board or any other
communication on chesscorner.net must comply with the following terms:
1. All communications must be civil and tasteful
2. No disruptive, offensive or abusive behaviour: communications must be constructive
and polite, not mean-spirited or contributed with the intention of causing
trouble.
3. No unlawful or objectionable content: unlawful, harassing, defamatory,
abusive, threatening, harmful, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially
offensive or otherwise objectionable material is not acceptable.
4. Each member is permitted only 1 account and 1 username. Families, schools
and other organisations which share computers should post their details in
the forum or send a private message to the Site Admin to prevent the account
from being suspended.
5. Be patient: users of all ages and abilities use chesscorner.net
6. No spamming: we don’t allow the submission of the same or very similar
contributions many times.
7. No advertising
8. Contributions containing languages other than English may be removed.
9. No impersonation
10. No inappropriate (e.g. vulgar, offensive etc) user names
11. You may not refer to specific URLs (web site addresses). If you know of
a worthy web site relevant to the discussion topic, please inform the admins.
12. Deliberate misuse of the various communication facilities is not permitted.
13. We have a zero tolerance of personal attacks directed at members or admin
or anyone posting grievances to other members. If you have a problem please
go through the correct channels, i.e report the problem to Jan.
14. The Site Admin's word is final! No discussions will be entered into.
Failure to comply with the above rules may result in your communication privileges
being revoked and/or your account being terminated.
chesscorner.net as a matter of policy does not prescreen or monitor any information
or communications. However, chesscorner.net reserves the right to delete any
contribution, or take action against any account, at any time, for any reason.
The Player acknowledges and agrees that chesscorner.net neither endorses
the contents of any Player communications nor assumes responsibility for any
threatening, libelous, obscene, harassing or offensive material contained
therein, any infringement of third party intellectual property rights arising
from or any crime facilitated thereby.
Players acknowledges and agrees that, due to circumstances beyond chesscorner.net's
control, it may be impossible to maintain the absolute confidentiality of
private messages written via the Service. chesscorner.net assumes no liability
for loss or damage resulting from a breach of said confidentiality. However,
it is the policy of chesscorner.net not to monitor, edit or disclose the contents
of private messages other than (1) what is technically necessary to process
those messages, or (2) in accordance with this section.
Player acknowledges and agrees that certain technical processing of messages
and their content may be required to: (1) send and receive messages; (2) conform
to connecting networks' technical requirements; (3) conform to the limitations
of the Service; or (4) conform to other similar requirements.
chesscorner.net will not be liable for disclosure in the event of a technical
fault or human error.
Personal Safety
We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or
anyone else (for example: telephone number, home address or email address),
and please do not include postal addresses of any kind.chesscorner.net can
not be held responsible for any interaction or communication between members
either on or off the site.
Copyright
You agree to only submit materials which are your own original work. You
must not violate, plagiarise, or infringe the rights of third parties including
copyright, trade mark, trade secrets, privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary
rights.
Member account, password and security
Once you become a guest or full member of the Service, you shall receive
a password and an account. You are entirely responsible if you do not maintain
the confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely
responsible for any and all activities which occur under your account. Full
members may change their password at any time on their My Details page.
The Player agrees to immediately notify chesscorner.net of any unauthorized
use of Player's account or any other breach of security known to Player.
chesscorner.net will only discuss a member's account with the Email address
registered on the account. Requests for information or action from other email
accounts will be declined.
The Player agrees to create only one account and play under that one account.
Resale or commercial use of the service
Player agrees not to resell or make any commercial use of the Service, without
the express consent of chesscorner.net
Game and message storage and other limitations
chesscorner.net assumes no responsibility for the deletion of or failure
to store games or messages.
Member assistance and fair play
Players on chesscorner.net should not try and distort their rating artificially
by using external assistance.
There is a moral obligation to not do this in the spirit of Chess Corner being
a friendly and fair place to play chess. If you want to use/ test your computer
to play its moves then you should apply for a separate computer account which
will be identified as such.
"Immoral and unfair External assistance"
1) Using computer engines to generate your moves
2) Getting someone else (who may be much stronger) to play ones moves
3) Getting your opponent to artificially resign by pre-agreement
"Moral and fair External assistance"
It is however acceptable and encouraged to use conventional resources which
are in the spirit of correspondence chess, such as referencing Opening books
(which could be electronic), etc. The use of such resources is considered "research"
which has always been an attraction of correspondence chess.
Member conduct
Player is solely responsible for the contents of his or her transmissions
through the Service. Player's use of the Service is subject to all applicable
local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
Player agrees: (1) to comply with UK law regarding the transmission of technical
data exported from the United Kingdom through the Service; (2) not to use the
Service for illegal purposes; (3) not to interfere or disrupt networks connected
to the Service; and (4) to comply with all regulations, policies and procedures
of networks connected to the Service.
The Service makes use of the Internet to send and receive certain messages;
therefore, Player's conduct is subject to Internet regulations, policies and
procedures. Player will not use the Service for chain letters, junk mail, spamming
or any use of distribution lists to any person who has not given specific permission
to be included in such a process.
Player agrees not to transmit through the Service any unlawful, harassing,
libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable
material of any kind or nature. Player further agrees not to transmit any material
that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise
to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national
or international law or regulation. Attempts to gain unauthorized access to
other computer systems are prohibited.
Players will not use the site for commercial purposes such as advertising
of other sites. Players will not communicate advertising of any sort
in messages to the forum or other messages, without prior written permission
of chesscorner.net
Player shall not interfere with another Player's use and enjoyment
of the Service or another entity's use and enjoyment of similar services.
chesscorner.net may, at its sole discretion, immediately terminate Service
should Player's conduct fail to conform with these terms and conditions
Indemnification
Player agrees to indemnify and hold chesscorner.net, its parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out
of Player's use of the Service, the violation of this agreement by The Player,
or the infringement by Player, or other user of the Service using Player's
computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Termination
Either Player or chesscorner.net may terminate the Player's Account at any
time and for any reason. Once a Player's Account is terminated, that
Player may not access chesscorner.net in any manner or for any reason
without the consent of chesscorner.net.
Refunds
The Player accepts that refunds will only be given at the sole discretion
of chesscorner.net
Laws
If there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing
elsewhere on chesscorner.net then the latter shall prevail.
If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise
unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these
terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction
in which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed
and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain
in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the
laws of England and Wales.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Contact ChessCorner.net