http://www.10bet.com/help/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Introduction
When you visit or access our websites or applications operated by us, or when you interact or engage with our content (“Services”), we use (and authorize third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixel tags, scripts, tags, API and other technologies ("Tracking Technologies").
The Tracking Technologies allow us to automatically collect information about you and your online behavior, as well as your device (for example your computer or mobile device), in order to enhance your navigation on our Services, improve our Services performance and customize your experience on our Services. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of our Services, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your interests and administer services to our users, advertisers, publishers, customers and partners.
We also allow third parties to collect information about you through Tracking Technologies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files (composed only of letters and numbers) that a web server places on your computer or mobile device when you visit a webpage. When used, the cookie can help make our Services more user-friendly, for example by remembering your language preferences and settings. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work in an efficient way. The use of cookies allows you to navigate between pages efficiently. Cookies remember your preferences, and make the interaction between you and the Services smoother and more efficient. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the advertisements you see online are relevant to you and your interests.
Storing Tracking Technologies
We store Tracking Technologies when you visit or access our Services (for example when you are visiting our websites) – these are called "First Party Tracking Technologies". In addition, Tracking Technologies are stored by other third parties (for example our analytics service providers, business partners and advertisers) who run content on our Services – these are called "Third Party Tracking Technologies".
Both types of Tracking Technologies may be stored either for the duration of your visit on our Services or for repeat visits.
What types of Tracking Technologies do we use?
There are five main types of Tracking Technologies:
Strictly Necessary Tracking
Technologies – These Tracking Technologies are essential to enable you to login, navigate around and use the features of our Services, or to provide a service requested by you (such as your username). We do not need to obtain your consent in order to use these Tracking Technologies. These Tracking Technologies can be used for security and integrity reasons - for example to detect violation of our policies and for support or security features.
Functionality Tracking Technologies – These Tracking Technologies allow our Services to remember choices you make (such as your language) and provide enhanced and personalized features. For example, these Tracking Technologies are used for authentication (to remember when you are logged-in) and support other features of our Services.
Performance Tracking Technologies – These Tracking Technologies collect information about your online activity (for example the duration of your visit on our Services), including behavioral data and content engagement metrics. These Tracking Technologies are used for analytics, research and to perform statistics (based on aggregated information).
Marketing or Advertising Tracking
Technologies – These Tracking Technologies are used to deliver tailored offers and advertisements to you, based on your derived interests, as well as to perform email marketing campaigns. They can also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by our advertisers (for example advertising networks) and provide them insights about the people who see and interact with their ads, visit their websites or use their app.
Social media Tracking Technologies – Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook "Like" or "Share" buttons. These features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing these features.
Tracking Technologies
Type
Purpose
Analytics Cookies
First party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThese Tracking Technologies are used to collect information regarding how you interact with the content on our Services, attribution purposes (for example, the referral URL), etc. We use the information to compile reports, calculate the revenues due to us and, help us improve the Services and to offer personalized products and content.
Hotjar
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesHotjar is a tool that aggregates data on how visitors to our site use are using it. Hotjar uses cookies to collect non-personal information. Examples of the type of information collected include, but is not limited to, pages visited, how pages are used and interacted with, type of device and browser used and the country you are in. For more information on Hotjar, how it collects data, what data it collects please and how to opt out of it collecting your information, please read Hotjar's privacy policy
Xtremepush
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance, Marketing or Advertising Tracking Technologies Xtremepush is a multi-channel analytics and engagement marketing platform we use for analytics purposes, completing web forms, enabling web push notifications and for marketing purposes. Xtremepush Privacy Policy
Iovation
Third party Tracking Technology
Strictly Necessary Tracking TechnologiesIovation is used to prevent and detect devices associated with fraudulent or other malicious activity and provides device identification and fraud prevention services. Iovation Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThis cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our Services. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Services. The cookies collect the number of visitors to the Services, where visitors have come to the Services from and the pages they visited, and other data. Google Privacy Policy
Google Tag Manager
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThis cookie is associated with Google Tag Manager which we use to load scripts into our website pages. Google Privacy Policy
Pingdom
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThese Tracking Technologies are used to monitor page load timing and services uptime, as well as record information about the performance of our website and its network availability. We use the Pingdom service to monitor our site to ensure a good customer experience. Pingdom Privacy Policy
Google AdWords
Third party Tracking Technology
Marketing or Advertising Tracking TechnologiesWe use Google AdWords which uses cookies to help us determine how many people who clicked on our Google Ads end up contacting us through our websites. This tracking cookie is set on your browser only when you click on a Google Ad and these cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. Google Privacy Policy
Bing
Third party Tracking Technology
Marketing or Advertising Tracking TechnologiesWe use Bing Ads to show you personalized ads. These cookies keep track of your surfing behavior, and help us understand how our Bing campaigns perform by tracking actions on our websites once ads have been clicked. Microsoft Privacy Policy
Income Access
Third party Tracking Technology
Marketing or Advertising Tracking TechnologiesWe utilize Income Access, an affiliate marketing services, to help record the performance of the affiliate services provided. Income Access may record unique identifiers associated to your device to follow your activity within our website or app. This information is used to analyze and improve our services and to measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Income Access Privacy Policy
Incapsula
Third party Tracking Technology
Strictly necessary Tracking TechnologiesThis cookie is used to improve the security on our websites (such as for protection from Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks). Incapsula Privacy Policy
Other cookies
First and Third party Tracking Technology
Strictly necessary Tracking TechnologiesThese unlisted cookies might be in use on internal sections of the Services, in order to customize and simplify the user experience on the site by remembering choices you made and your log in credentials.
How to manage your cookie settings
Please note that we do not recognize or respond to automated browser signals regarding Tracking Technologies, including "Do Not Track" requests. However, there are various ways in which you can manage and control your cookie settings. Please remember that, by deleting or blocking cookies, some of the features of the Services may not work properly or as effectively.
Turning off cookies via your web
browser
Most web browsers will provide you with some general information about cookies, enable you to see what cookies are stored on your device, allow you to delete them all or on an individual basis, and enable you to block or allow cookies for all websites or individually selected websites. You can also normally turn off third party cookies separately. Please note that the settings offered by a browser or device often only apply to that particular browser or device.
Information about cookies is usually found in the "Help" section of the web browser.Below are some links to some commonly used web browsers:
Chrome
Chrome for mobile
Internet Explorer and Microsoft
Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Turning off third party cookies You can turn off certain third party cookies for advertising purposes by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative, located here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or the DAA opt-out program, which are located here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, here (for EU/EEA citizens): http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and here (for mobile devices): http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
CloseCloseTop
CloseClose
TopCloseCloseTopCloseCloseAccount detailsAccount verificationMy open betsBalanceCancel withdrawal Bets historyBets historyGames historyTransaction historyBonus informationMessagesNew messageResponsible gamblingLimitationsAccount ControlsTime-Out FacilitySelf-ExclusionTopCloseCloseTopCloseCloseTopCloseClose
Terms and conditions
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
Who We Are and What We Do
In these Terms & Conditions, references to the “Operator”, “10bet”, “us”, “we”, “our” refer to:
Gaming products: Ocean Star Limited, a company registered in Malta (registration number C 70956), with registered address at Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
Sportsbook products: Ocean Star Limited, a company registered in Malta (registration number C 70956), with registered address at Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141 Malta. For customers in the Republic of Ireland
using our sportsbook products and placing sports bets, references to the “Operator”, “10bet”, “us”, “we”, “our” means Blue Star Planet Limited, a company registered in Malta (registration number C
70661), with registered address at Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
The Operator is licensed and regulated:
for Ocean Star Limited: by the Maltese Gaming Authority (MGA) under Licence Number MGA/B2C/331/2016 issued on 1 August 2018
for Blue Star Planet Limited: in the Republic of Ireland by the Office of the Revenue Commissioners under Remote Bookmaker’s Licence No. 1010917.
All deposits and withdrawals are the sole responsibility of the Operator and the casino product suppliers are solely software providers and have no responsibility towards any Customer for the management of funds or your Customer account.
These Terms & Conditions
These Terms & Conditions apply to you, and are binding upon you, if you Participate at 10bet.
By Participating, you agree that you have read and understood these Terms & Conditions and you acknowledge that these Terms & Conditions shall apply to you.
If you do not agree to any of these Terms & Conditions, you should stop using the Service immediately.
By marking the box labelled “I am at least 18 years old and have read and accept the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy” as part of the registration process, you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions, which include and are inseparably linked
to our
Privacy Policy,
Responsible Gambling Policy,
Player Protection Policy,
Betting Rules,
Casino and Games Rules,
Cash-Out Terms,
Pulse Bet Terms,
General Promotion Terms  and other
promotion-specific terms relevant to your Participation.
You are bound by the Terms & Conditions in any event if you use the Service, including, but not limited to, initiating or making a deposit through the Service or submitting your deposit details to us.
1.
Definitions
In these Terms & Conditions:
“10bet” means the brand and all products offered via www.10bet.com both ‘Online’ (accessed via a computer or laptop) and ‘Mobile’ (accessed via a mobile phone or tablet). This includes: Sports, Casino, Live Casino and Games.
“Closed Account Customer” means a person whose registered account has been closed, de-registered or excluded by either us or you;
“Customer/s” mean(s) a Registered Customer or a Closed Account Customer;
“Customer Funds” means the aggregate value of funds held by the Operator to the credit of Customers including, without limitation: a) cleared funds deposited at 10bet by Customers to provide stakes in, or to meet participation fees in respect
of, future gambling; b) winnings or prizes which the Customer has chosen to leave on deposit with 10bet or for which 10bet has yet to account to the Customer; and c) any crystallised, but as yet, unpaid loyalty scheme or other bonuses.
“Intellectual Property” means trademarks and trade names, whether registered or not, including trade mark applications and registered trademarks, with the goodwill which attaches in such trade names and trademarks, domain names, getup, trade dress
and trading style, including without limitation as presented in websites; domain name registrations and any variations thereof now and in the future; any copyright in the getup, trade dress or trading style, any right or license under copyright
to use such getup, trade dress or trading style, any software code, architecture of software, look and feel of software, or any other intellectual property, owned by or licensed to us, in each case in any part of the world.
“Offering” means any and all games / offerings by 10bet.
“Operator” means the operator of the Website, Ocean Star Limited, with registered address at Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
“Participate” means any of the conduct described in section 4 below, including visiting 10bet, playing on any part of the Offering or using our Website in any manner whatsoever.
“Registered Customer” means a person who has successfully registered an account with us in the manner described in clause 4.2 and the account is considered ‘open’.
“Service” means the availability and provision of the Website that enables you to Participate.
“we/us/our” means the Operator together with (where context permits) its holding companies and associated companies.
“Website” means www.10bet.com
“You/Your”, also referred to as “Customer”, means any person who enters 10bet and Participates in any part of the Offering provided by 10bet.
2.
About 10bet and the Protection of Customer Funds
10bet is a brand managed by the Operator, Ocean Star Limited (C70956), a Maltese registered company whose registered address is Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
The Customer ‘Gaming Contract’ is held with the Operator, Ocean Star Limited, and is entered into upon the successful registration of an account at 10bet. All transactions between you and the Operator take place in Great Britain, where the principal
servers are based.
All Customer Funds held by the Operator are held separately from the Operator’s funds in accounts separate from its business account. This means that steps have been taken to protect Customer Funds, but that in the event of insolvency there is
no absolute guarantee that all funds will be repaid.
3.
Your Participation at 10bet
3.1. Restrictions
You may only Participate at 10bet if you are over 18 years of age.
It is illegal to Participate at 10bet if you are under 18 years of age.
You may not Participate at 10bet.com if you are geographically located in Afghanistan, Albania, Algeria, Angola, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Botsvana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Cambodia, China, Colombia, Croatia, Cyprus, Cuba, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, France and its outlying territories, Ghana, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Greenland, Guyana, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Kenya, Laos People’s Democratic Republic, Latvia, Lebanon, Libya, Lithuania, Macao, Mali, Mexico, Mongolia, Montenegro, Myanmar, Netherlands, Netherlands Antilles, Nicaragua, Nigeria, North Korea, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Pakistan, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Sweden, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Spain, Sudan, Switzerland, Syria, Taiwan, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Kingdom, USA and its outlying territories, Venezuela, Yemen or Zimbabwe. These countries shall be considered “Excluded Territories”.
If You Participate at 10bet from any Excluded Territories, we shall have the right to immediately suspend or close Your account. In case of such account closure, any net winnings from bets or play at 10bet shall be deducted from Your balance in
the Main Cash Account and Casino Buy-In and the remaining balance will be refunded to You. We shall not be liable for any losses incurred as a result of such suspension or closure.
It is the Customer’s responsibility to know if their Participation is lawful in their jurisdiction.
Any person who is knowingly in breach of this section 3.1, including any attempt to circumvent this restriction, for example, by using a VPN, proxy or similar service that masks or manipulates the identification of your real location, or by otherwise
providing false or misleading information regarding your location or place of residence, or by making bets or wagers using the Website through a third party or on behalf of a third party located in an Excluded Territory is in breach of these
Terms & Conditions. You may be committing fraud and may be subject to criminal prosecution.
3.2. Acceptance
By accepting these Terms & Conditions you are fully aware that gambling can be addictive, there is a risk of losing money when gambling and you are fully responsible for any such loss. You agree that your Participation at 10bet is at your sole
option, discretion and risk. In relation to your losses you shall have no claims whatsoever against 10bet or any partner, or respective directors, officers or employees.
3.3. Risk
By Participating you confirm that you are fully aware that there is a risk of losing money when gambling and you are fully responsible for any such loss. You agree that your Participation at 10bet is at your sole option, discretion and risk. In
relation to your losses you agree that you will have no claims whatsoever against 10bet or any partner, or respective directors, officers or employees. Further, you agree that your Participation at 10bet is for your own personal entertainment
and non-professional use and that you are acting on your own behalf.
3.4. Eligible Customers
Employees and former employees (less than 3 years ago) of the Operator, its affiliates, its licensees, distributors, wholesalers, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion or other agencies, media partners, retailers and members of their immediate
families are not eligible to Participate at 10bet.
3.5. Verification Checks and Identification Documentation
To register for an account at 10bet, you are required to enter certain personal details during the account registration process, including: first name, surname, address, date of birth, mobile phone number, and gender.
Upon request, you may also be required to send in valid identification documents proving your age and address in order that we may carry out identification, credit and other verification checks that we may require and/or are required by applicable
laws and regulations and/or by the relevant regulatory authorities for use of the Offering. You agree to provide all such information as we require in connection with such verification checks. Until such time as we have received the requested
documents and satisfied our verification checks to our reasonable satisfaction, we are entitled to restrict your account in any manner that we reasonably deem appropriate, including by preventing you from placing any bets or wagers, or from
withdrawing your funds.
If, on completion of the age verification process, you are found to be underage, 10bet will return to you any deposits made on the account, having voided all winnings and/or bonuses.
The documents or information requested by us may depend on the jurisdiction where you live. We reserve the right to determine which documents we require in order to carry out our verification checks. Acceptable identification documentation includes,
but is not limited to:
copy of a valid photographic identification document, such as a Passport or Driver’s License;
copy of a recent utility bill confirming residence, such as an electricity bill, telephone bill etc. (important: the utility bill must not be older than 6 months); and/or
copy of a recent credit / debit / bank account statement (note: the account statement must relate to a financial method used and must not be older than 6 months)
The name that you provide 10bet at registration must be identical to that listed on your government issued identification.
In accordance with our anti-money laundering obligations, we reserve the right – acting reasonably – to raise queries or require documentation related to the source of deposited funds. If the requested information and/or documentation is not provided
or is not considered by us (acting reasonably) as satisfactory, 10bet may suspend/terminate the Customer’s account, withhold payment of any monies held in the Customer account, and pass on any necessary information to the relevant authorities.
3.6. Disabling Casino Games or the Sports Product
You may disable either the casino games or the sports product provided to you through the website by contacting Customer Service, with such being applied on an account level. We will endeavour
to apply such disablement as soon as practically possible, however, please note that this process takes a reasonable working period to implement. If you find that you can still access any of the casino games or the sports product which you
have requested to disable, it is your responsibility to contact us immediately to inform us. If following your request, you wish to reinstate the casino games or the Sports product (as applicable) please contact Customer Service.
We reserve the right at any time disable either the casino games or the sports product provided to you through the website. We may at any time reinstate the casino games or the sports product (as applicable)
3.7. Acceptable Use
You represent, warrant and agree that you will comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations in relation to your use of the Website and the Service. We are not responsible for any illegal or unauthorised use of the Website or the Service
by you. By accepting these Terms & Conditions you agree to assist us, to the extent that you are able, with the compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
4.
Your Account
4.1. Single Account
You may only register and operate a single account with 10bet. If you hold more than one account we reserve the right to suspend all duplicate accounts until all the account details and balances (belonging to you) are consolidated. Once completed,
all other accounts will be terminated leaving a single active account. 10bet may at its sole-discretion refuse registration of a Customer account, or close an existing Customer account, but any contractual obligations already made shall be
honoured.
4.2. Accuracy
You are required to keep your registration details up to date at all times. If you change your address, e-mail, phone number or any other contact or personal information, please contact
support@10bet.com in order to update your account information. The name that you provide 10bet at registration must be identical to that listed on your government issued identification.
4.3. Password
The Customer account registration process requires you to choose your own user name and password combination. You must keep this information secret. Any actions carried out through your account will stand if your user name and password have been
entered correctly. 10bet can bear no responsibility for unauthorized use or misuse of personal details.
4.4. Verification of Bank Details
If you use a credit/debit card and/or a financial/bank account for transactions at 10bet, the account/cardholder’s name MUST be the same as the name you used when registering a 10bet account. Should the name you registered on the 10bet account
and the name that appears on your credit/debit card and/or financial/bank account differ in any way, your account will be immediately suspended. Should your account be suspended, we recommend that you contact
support@10bet.com for details regarding our verification process.
4.5. No liability
10bet shall accept no liability for any damages or losses which are deemed or alleged to have arisen out of or in connection with your Participation; including and without limitation, delays or interruptions in operation or transmission, loss
or corruption of data, communication or lines failure, any person’s misuse of the Offering or Website, its content or any errors or omissions in the Website’s content.
4.6. Dormant / Inactive Accounts
10bet will consider an account to be dormant/inactive after a period of 12 months since the last account login. 10bet shall endeavor to contact the Customer prior to designating an account as Dormant. In case no response is received from the Customer
within 30 days of the date on which 10bet has attempted to contact the Customer, the account will be designated as Dormant.
Once your Customer account has been designated as a Dormant account, 10bet shall be entitled to charge you a monthly administration fee of €10 (or the equivalent value of the Customer’s chosen currency) (the “Administrative Fee”). The first Administrative
Fee will be charged at the end of the 12th month after the last account login was recorded. 10bet will cease the deduction of any Administrative Fee should the Customer login into his account during the Dormancy period.
4.7. Account Transfers
The transfer of funds between individual accounts is strictly prohibited. It is prohibited for Customers to sell, transfer and/or acquire accounts to/from other Customers.
4.8. Interest
Any funds held in your Customer account shall not attract interest.
4.9. Account Suspension
10bet reserves the right to suspend, close or terminate your Customer account at its sole discretion, should you be suspected of:
having unlawfully obtained winnings; or
having violated these Terms & Conditions.
You will be notified of 10bet’s decision via e-mail and, if the suspension leads to the retention of winnings, a documented copy of the decision may be sent to the Malta Gaming Authority, as appropriate. During any suspension period, it will not
be possible for you to unlock the account.
4.10. Account Closure and Temporary Suspension
If you wish to close your Customer account, please contact
support@10bet.com for assistance. Our Cooling-Off and Exclusion procedures are summarised at clause 9.2 of these Terms & Conditions and are set out in detail in our
Responsible Gambling Policy.
4.11. Change
10bet reserves the right to suspend, modify or remove or add content to the Website or Services at its sole discretion with immediate effect and without notice. We shall not be liable to you for any loss suffered as a result of any changes made
or for any modification or suspension of or discontinuance of the Website or Services and you shall have no claims against 10bet in such regard.
5.
Deposits and Withdrawals
5.1. Identification Checks
10bet must successfully receive and verify your identification documents, either via internal means or a third party, before you can make a Withdrawal from your account.
5.2. Credit Checks
10bet reserves the right to run external verification checks on all cardholders with third party credit agencies on the basis of the information provided on registration.
5.3. Records
It is the cardholder’s responsibility to retain copies of transaction records and these Terms & Conditions as updated from time-to-time.
5.4. Withdrawals
The minimum withdrawal amount and the time that the withdrawal will take to process, are dependent on the payment method selected, as shown on our
Withdrawal page. Further, these time frames are indicative of the regular timescale for internal payout confirmation in business days and represent estimates
only.
Withdrawals may only be processed from your Main Cash Account. Any withdrawals from your Casino Buy-In can only be made by first transferring your withdrawal amount to your Main Cash Account and then requesting the withdrawal be processed from
the Main Cash Account. Please note however that any transfer of funds from the Casino Buy-In to the Main Cash Account will be considered a Withdrawal from the Casino Buy-In and may consequently result in the forfeiture or voidance of Casino
product bonuses and promotions.
All withdrawals will be processed back to the same payment method used to make a deposit to the account. As outlined in section 5.4, if a financial account and/or credit/debit card has been used to deposit funds, the name registered on the Customer
account held with 10bet must correspond to the name registered on the financial account/card. In the case of a request to pay funds via Direct Bank Transfer (DBT), the acquiring bank account must be held in the same name as used during registration
of the Customer account. 10bet reserves the right to require the use of the same payment method for withdrawal as was used to deposit, or a specific payment method at our own discretion.
Please note that withdrawals may experience a slight delay due to our identity verification process and certain deposit methods will require additional verification at time of Withdrawal. In the case of a withdrawal being made for the first time,
a large withdrawal or changes being made to payment options, we may take additional security measures to ensure that you are the rightful recipient of the funds.
Where applicable, 10bet may, at its sole discretion, reverse/refund a Customer’s deposited funds instead of processing a withdrawal transaction via another or the same payment method.
10bet.com limits the amount of maximum winnings you may accrue to €100,000 or currency equivalents in one day (24 hours). The Maximum total withdrawal amount from all available products within a 30-day time period is €100,000 (or currency equivalent).
Withdrawals of Casino or Games winnings or funds deriving from such are limited to €10,000 per seven days.
Bank Wire payments are executed in EUR. It is customer’s responsibility to submit such payments to bank accounts that can accept transactions in the aforementioned currencies.
One credit/debit card or bank transfer withdrawal a month (30 consecutive days) is processed without an additional operational fee. Additional credit/debit card or bank transfer withdrawals might be charged an additional operational fee of €5.
In circumstances where a Customer makes a deposit and thereafter requests a withdrawal without having wagered the amount of their deposited funds at least three (3) times prior to the withdrawal request, then 10bet may, at its sole discretion,
charge a withdrawal fee of up to 8 % of the requested withdrawal amount.
5.5. Deposits
The minimum deposit amount, and the time that the deposit will take to process, are dependent on the payment method selected, as shown on our
Deposit page. Further, these time frames are indicative of the regular timescale for deposit confirmation in business days and represent estimates only.
In accordance with our anti-money laundering obligations, we reserve the right to raise queries or demand documentation related to the source of the deposited funds. If the provided information and/or documentation is not viewed as satisfactory,
10bet may suspend/terminate the Customer’s account and pass on any necessary information to the relevant authorities.
5.6. Updating Payment Details
Updating or adding additional payment details for the sole purpose of making a withdrawal may only be done by contacting
support@10bet.com.
5.7. Error
Should funds be credited to a Customer's account or credited to a financial account and/or credit/debit card in error, it is the Customer's responsibility to notify 10bet of the error without delay. Any winnings subsequent to the error shall be
deemed invalid and returned to 10bet. We reserve the right to withhold all or part of your balance and/or recover from your account deposits, pay outs, bonuses, and any winnings that are attributable to said error.
5.8. Refunds
Refunds may be given in case of exceptional circumstances and shall be given solely at the discretion of 10bet.
6.
Promotion Terms
6.1. Separate Terms and Conditions
10bet may, from time to time, offer promotions and/or competitions which are governed by separate terms and conditions. Any promotions, bonuses or special gifts credited to your account must be used in adherence with such terms and conditions.
10bet's promotion terms, which comprise part of these Terms & Conditions, may be found at:
General Promotional Rules;
and
Sports Bonus Terms; and
Casino Bonus Terms;
In the event and to the extent of any conflict between these Terms & Conditions and any promotion-specific terms and conditions, the promotion-specific terms and conditions shall prevail.
6.2. Right to Rescind
10bet reserves the right to withdraw any promotion, competition, bonus or special offer at any time.
7.
Privacy Policy
10bet is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Further, the Operator complies with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. If you do not understand how we handle or use the personal information you provide us, we recommend
that you review our
Privacy Policy.
Our
Privacy Policy is inseparably linked
to these Terms & Conditions and its acceptance is a prerequisite to account registration.
By agreeing to the migration of an existing account from another brand to the Operator, you hereby consent, in addition to the transfer of your account balance, to the transfer of your personal information, including your full name, date of birth,
registered methods of deposit, contact information, contact records and details of past transactions and visits.
You hereby consent to receive marketing communications from the Operator in respect of its offerings by way of email, post, SMS and telephone notifications, any of which you may unsubscribe from at any time by contacting
support@10bet.com.
8.
Responsible Gambling
8.1. Policy
10bet is committed to offering its Customers a fun and friendly online gaming experience, whilst also recognising that gambling can cause problems for a minority of individuals. For this reason, 10bet actively supports responsible gaming and encourages
its Customers to make use of a variety of responsible gaming features so as to better manage their Customer account.
We refer to you our
Responsible Gambling Policy
for full details.
8.2. Self-Exclusion
You may, at any time, request a Self-Exclusion from 10bet. To view the various Self-Exclusion options available, please refer to our
Responsible Gambling Policy.
10bet is committed to providing excellent customer service. As part of that pledge, 10bet is committed to supporting responsible gambling. Although 10bet will use all reasonable endeavours to enforce its responsible gambling policies, 10bet does
not accept any responsibility or liability if you nevertheless continue gambling and/or seek to use the Website or Service with the intention of deliberately avoiding the relevant measures in place and/or 10bet is unable to enforce its measures/policies
for reasons outside of 10bet’s reasonable control.
9.
Player Protection Policy
We want to ensure that you enjoy your experience at 10bet in a safe and responsible manner. 10bet will deal with any issue affecting your playing experience promptly. We have a detailed
Player Protection Policy, which
includes a list of mechanisms which you can enlist in order to ensure a safer gaming experience.
10.Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all right, title and interest in the Intellectual Property is our absolute property or duly licensed to us. Any use of the Intellectual Property without our prior written consent is not permitted. You agree not to
(and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit, or tamper with the Intellectual Property in any manner whatsoever.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Offering and the Website is made available for your personal, non-commercial use only. Any other use of such material and content is strictly prohibited.
11.
No Warranty, Malfunctions, Errors, Viruses and Service Suspension
11.1. No warranties
The Service, Offering and the Website are provided on an “as is” basis and to the fullest extent permitted by law, we make no warranty or representation, whether express or implied, in relation to the satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose,
completeness or accuracy of the Service, Offering or Website.
11.2. Service Suspension and System Malfunctions
We shall not be liable for any computer malfunctions, system malfunctions, failure of telecommunications services or internet connections, nor attempts by you to participate at 10bet by methods, means or ways not intended by us.
We may temporarily suspend the whole or any part of the Service for any reason at our sole discretion. We may, but shall not be obliged to, give you as much notice as is reasonably practicable of such suspension. We will restore the Service, as
soon as is reasonably practicable, after such temporary suspension.
In the event of service suspension and/or system malfunction, all bets that have been confirmed on the betting slip, which have been placed in accordance with these Terms & Conditions and/or have not been placed fraudulently ("Confirmed Bets"),
will not be voided by us.
Other than with respect to Confirmed Bets, in the event of a service suspension and/or system malfunction, we may void any bets and/or payouts. We shall in no way be liable to you in the event that we void any bets and/or payouts as a result of
a system malfunction and/or virus.
Other than with respect to Confirmed Bets, if you receive any winnings and/or bonuses as a result of any service suspension and/or system malfunction we may void such winnings and/or bonuses and if you have received and/or have been credited with
any winnings and/or bonuses we may recover such by: (i) deducting any or all of such winnings and/or bonuses from your account (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any of your Casino Bonus Account, Casino Buy-In, Sports Bonus Account,
Main Cash Account); (ii) deducting any or all of such winnings and/or bonuses from your pending withdrawals; and/or (iii) requiring you to repay to us any or all of such winnings and/or bonuses as soon as reasonably possible.
11.3. Errors and Viruses
A virus and/or error (including without limitation as a result of any technical or human error) voids all payouts and we may void any or all bets. We shall in no way be liable to you in the event that we void any bets and/or payouts as a result
of such error and/or virus.
If you receive any winnings and/or bonuses as a result of a virus and/or error (including without limitation as a result of any technical or human error) we may void such winnings and/or bonuses and if you have received and/or have been credited
with any winnings and/or bonuses we may recover such by: (i) deducting any or all of such winnings and/or bonuses from your account (which for the avoidance of doubt includes any of your Casino Bonus Account, Casino Buy-In, Sports Bonus Account,
Main Cash Account); (ii) deducting any or all of such winnings and/or bonuses from your pending withdrawals; and/or (iii) requiring you to repay to us any or all of such winnings and/or bonuses as soon as reasonably possible.
It is your responsibility to protect your systems and have in place the ability to reinstall any data or programs lost due to a virus.
11.4. Television and Other Broadcasts
Further, live television and other broadcasts which are provided to you as part of any 10bet offering may be delayed, which will lead to others processing more up-to-date information in relation to such broadcasts. In the event of any particular
information (score, time of game, etc.) being incorrect we assume no liability for this.
11.5. Voided Bets
In the event of a system malfunction, all unconfirmed bets are void. We are not liable to you for any loss that you may incur as a result of such suspension or delay. To the extent that a voided ‘won’ bet results in your Customer account going
into negative balance, we reserve the right to recover such amount from your account deposits, withdrawals, bonuses, and winnings.
12.
Customer Service and Customer Complaints
12.1. Customer Service
You may contact Customer Service at any time by the following means:
E-mail:
support@10bet.com
Telephone: for all countries (excluding Ireland and Canada) +356 2778 0155, for Canada +1 613-366-3908 and for Ireland: +353 14-372-476
LiveChat
Post: Ocean Star Limited, Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
12.2. Submission of Complaint
Customer complaints/claims of any nature must be submitted within 3 months of the issue occurring.
In order to ensure that your complaint/claim is directed to and investigated by the correct department, written communication must be submitted to 10bet via the following means:
E-mail:
resolutioncentre@10bet.com
Post: Ocean Star Limited, Dragonara Business Centre 5th Floor, Dragonara Road St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
12.3. Information which
Must be Included in any Written Communication with 10bet
To protect your privacy, all email communications between you and 10bet should be carried out using the email address that you have registered against your Customer account held with 10bet. Failure to do so may result in our response being delayed.
The following information must be included in any written communication with 10bet (including a Complaint):
your username;
your first name and surname, as registered on your Customer account;
a detailed explanation of the complaint/claim; and
any specific dates and times associated with the complaint/claim (if applicable).
Please note that any failure to submit written communication with the information outlined above may result in a delay in our ability to identify and respond to your complaint/claim in a timely manner.
We will acknowledge all complaints within 24 hours of receipt and all reasonable efforts will be made to resolve any reported matter promptly and, at a maximum, within 10 days. An extension may be applied if the issue is complex, in which case
we will send you an update of the position explaining why we do not yet have a final response, and when we reasonably expect to have one, in which case it may take up to 10 additional days for us to send you a response.
If for some reason you are not satisfied with the resolution of your complaint/claim, you may refer the matter to one of our nominated ADR provider (see section 13).
12.4. Collusion
Should you ever suspect that a Customer is colluding with another Customer or cheating in any way, please notify 10bet via the means of communication listed in the above Customer Complaints procedure (set out at section 12).
13.
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
If, at the conclusion of the Customer Complaint process (outlined in section 12), you do not consider that 10bet has settled the dispute, you may refer the dispute to eCOGRA, our ADR provider. The dispute may be submitted using the eCOGRA website which
can be found at www.ecogra.org/forms/adr-dispute-step-1.
Alternatively, you can refer the dispute via the European Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main), which will then forward it on to the
relevant ADR entity.
The nominated ADR entity will act as an impartial adjudicator on disputes that arise between 10bet and a Customer only when:
the Customer has been through 10bet’s own internal Customer Complaint process (set out in section 12); and
a deadlock regarding the resolution exists.
ADR is a free of charge service. The ultimate resolution of the ADR shall be binding upon both 10bet and the Customer who referred the dispute.
14.
Indemnity and Limitation of Liability
14.1. Indemnity
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, our directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents and affiliates, our ultimate parent and parent companies and any of our subsidiaries against any and all costs, expenses, liabilities
and damages (whether direct, indirect, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive or other) arising from any Participation by you, including without limitation:
Visiting, use or re-use of the Website;
Use or re-use of the Website by means of telecommunication services;
Use or re-use of any materials at, or obtained from, the Website or any other source whatsoever;
Entry to, or use or re-use of the Website server;
Facilitating or making a deposit into your account at 10bet;
Wagering or gaming at 10bet through any delivery mechanism offered; and
Acceptance and use of any winnings or prize at or from 10bet.
14.2. Limitation of Liability
The total liability of our directors, officers, employees, shareholders, agents and affiliates, our ultimate parent and parent companies and any of our subsidiaries to you in contract, tort, negligence or otherwise, for any loss or damage howsoever
arising from any cause, whether direct or indirect, or for any amounts (even where we have been notified by you of the possibility of such loss or damage) shall not exceed the value of the bets and/or wagers you placed via your account in
respect of the relevant bet/wager or product that gave rise to the relevant liability.
14.3. Links
10bet shall not be liable in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise, for any loss or damage arising from or in any way connected with your use of any link contained on the Website. We are not responsible for the content contained on any internet
site linked to/from the Websites or via the Services.
14.4. Negligence
Nothing in these Terms & Conditions will operate so as to exclude any liability of the Operator for fraud, death or personal injury that is caused by the Operator’s negligence.
15.
10bet Not a Financial Institution
15.1. No legal or tax advice
10bet does not provide advice regarding tax and/or legal matters. Customers who wish to obtain advice regarding tax and legal matters are advised to contact appropriate advisors.
15.2. No arbitrage
You are strictly prohibited from utilising 10bet and it systems to facilitate arbitrage through currency exchange transactions. Where 10bet deems that you have deliberately used the systems for financial gain through arbitrage, any gains will
be forfeited and deducted from your balance without warning or notification.
15.3. Anti-Money Laundering
Customers are strictly prohibited from using 10bet and its systems to facilitate any type of illegal money transfer. You must not use the Website for any unlawful or fraudulent activity or prohibited transaction (including money laundering proceeds
of crime) under the laws of any jurisdiction that applies to you. If 10bet suspects that you may be engaging in, or have engaged in fraudulent, unlawful or improper activity, including money laundering activities or any conduct which violates
these Terms & Conditions, your access to 10bet will be terminated immediately and your account may be blocked. If your account is terminated or blocked under such circumstances, 10bet is under no obligation to refund to you any money that
may be in your account. In addition 10bet shall be entitled to inform the relevant authorities, other online service providers, banks, credit card companies, electronic payment providers or other financial institution of your identity and
of any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity. You will cooperate fully with any 10bet investigation into such activity.
16.
Termination/Suspension of Account
16.1. We shall be entitled to close your Customer account for any reason whatsoever at any time without notifying you. Any balance in your Main Cash Account or Casino Buy-In at the time of such closure or any closure under Section 16.3 below will
be credited to your credit/debit card or financial account, except that:
if you have engaged in illegal activity, we will be under no obligation to refund to you any money that may be in your Main Cash Account or Casino Buy-In; and
if we discover or have reasonable grounds to believe that you have participated in any Prohibited Activity then we reserve the right to withhold and/or retain any and all amounts which would otherwise have been paid or payable to you (including
any deposits, winnings, bonuses, and/or any other amounts) that are attributable to that Prohibited Activity.
16.2. In the circumstances described in 16.1(a) and (b) above, your details may be passed on to any applicable regulatory authority, regulatory body or any other relevant external third parties.
16.3. We may close or suspend your account where we have reasonable grounds to believe that you have engaged or are likely to engage in any of the following activities (each, a "Prohibited Activity"):
If you have deliberately or fraudulently opened more than one active account at 10bet;
If the name registered on your 10bet account does not match the name on the financial/bank account and/or the credit/debit card(s) used to make deposits on the said 10bet account;
You become bankrupt;
If you deliberately or fraudulently provide incorrect or misleading information while registering a 10bet Customer account;
If you attempt to use your Customer account through a VPN, proxy or similar service that masks or manipulates the identification of your real location, or by otherwise providing false or misleading information regarding your citizenship, location
or place of residence, or by making bets or wagers using the website through a third party or on behalf of a third party;
If you are located in any Excluded Territory;
If you have allowed or permitted someone else to Participate using your 10bet Customer account;
If you have played in tandem with other Customer(s) as part of a club, group, etc., or placed bets or wagers in a coordinated manner with other Customer(s) involving the same (or materially the same) selections;
If 10bet has received a “charge back” and/or a "return" notification via a deposit mechanism used on your account;
If you are found to be colluding, cheating, money laundering or undertaking any kind of fraudulent activity; or
If it is determined by 10bet (acting reasonably) that you have employed or made use of a system (including machines, computers, software or other automated systems such as bots) designed specifically to defeat the gaming system;
If you otherwise materially breach these Terms and Conditions.
16.4. The rights set out here are without prejudice to any other rights that we may have against you under these Terms & Conditions or otherwise.
16.5. We reserve the right to void any unsettled bets if your Account is closed in accordance with clause 16.3. Any unsettled bets at the point of closure of your Account for any other reason will stand and be settled in accordance with the terms
of the bet.
17.
Other
17.1. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms & Conditions are governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of Malta and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Malta to settle any disputes (including claims for set off and counterclaims)
which may arise in connection with the creation, validity, effect, interpretation or performance of, or the legal relationships established by or otherwise arising in connection with these Terms & Conditions. In circumstances where these Terms
& Conditions are presented in a language other than English, the English language version of these Terms & Conditions shall always prevail.
17.2. Entire Agreement
These Terms & Conditions represent the complete, final and exclusive agreement between you and 10bet and supersede and merge all prior agreements, representations and understandings between you and 10bet in regard to your Participation at 10bet.
17.3. Amendments to Term & Conditions
10bet hereby reserves the right to amend these Terms & Conditions, or to implement or amend any procedures, at any time. A notification message advising that changes have been made to our Terms & Conditions will appear upon a Customer’s next login
to the 10bet Website and the Customer is required to accept the changes to the Terms & Conditions before being able to continue to Participate at 10bet.
17.4. Final Decision
In the event of a discrepancy between the result showing on the Website or Offering and the 10bet server software, the result showing on the 10bet server software shall be the official and governing result.
17.5. Tax
You are solely responsible for any applicable taxes on any prizes and/or winnings that you collect from 10bet.
17.6. Force Majeure
10bet shall not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under the gaming contract that is caused by events outside of our reasonable control.
17.7. No agency
Nothing in these Terms & Conditions shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, trust arrangement, fiduciary relationship or any other form of joint enterprise between you and us.
17.8. Severability
If any of the Terms & Conditions are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions
which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law. In such cases, the part deemed invalid or unenforceable shall be amended in a manner consistent with the applicable law to reflect, as closely as possible, 10bet’s original
intent.
17.9. Explanation of Terms and Conditions
We consider these Terms & Conditions to be open and fair. Should you need any explanation regarding these or any other part of our Service, please contact
support@10bet.com.
The English version of these Terms & Conditions and English versions of any terms and conditions take priority over the versions in other languages.
The Terms & Conditions prevail over any communication via email, chat or phone.
Please note that all correspondence and telephone calls may be recorded.
17.10. Assignment
These Terms & Conditions are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sub-licensable by you except with our prior written consent. We reserve the right to assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder
to any third party without notice to you.
17.11. Business Transfers
In the event of a change of control, merger, acquisition, or sale of assets of the company, your Customer account and associated data may be part of the assets transferred to the purchaser or acquiring party. In such an event, we will provide
you with notice via e-mail or notice on our Website explaining your options with regard to the transfer of your account.
Last Revision: 20 November 2020 (Version: #39)
Download Terms & Conditions
Responsible gambling
10Bet Responsible Gambling Policy
At 10Bet, we are committed to providing our Customers with the most enjoyable gambling experience possible, but we also recognise that gambling can cause problems for a minority of individuals. To ensure that you continue to enjoy safe and manageable
play, we fully support Responsible Gambling and have put numerous measures in place to assist you.
1.
Gambling Self-Assessment
If you are concerned that gambling may have taken over your (or someone else’s) life then the following questions may help you to find out:
Do you gamble to escape from a boring or unhappy life?
When gambling and you run out of money, do you feel lost and in despair and need to gamble again as soon as possible?
Do you gamble until your last penny is gone- even the fare home or the cost of a cup of tea?
Have you ever lied to cover up the amount of money or time you have spent gambling?
Have you lost interest in your family, friends or hobbies because of your gambling?
After losing, do you feel you must try and win back your losses as soon as possible?
Do arguments, frustrations or disappointments make you want to gamble?
Do you feel depressed or feel that you are likely to harm yourself because of your gambling?
The more you answered ‘yes’ to these questions, the more likely you are to have a serious gambling problem.
To speak to someone about this, you can contact
Customer Service or there are a number of
Support Organisations available to help with free and independent advice.
2.
Support Organisations
If you or someone you know has a gambling problem we advise that you consider assistance from one of these recognised organisations:
Gamblers Anonymous
Website:
www.gamblersanonymous.org
Gambling Therapy
Website:
www.gamblingtherapy.org
3.
Staying in Control
We at 10Bet encourage our Customers to actively participate in the management of their gambling account, so we offer a variety of responsible gaming features.
3.1. Set Financial Limits
This facility allows you to manage the amount of money that you can deposit using your account.
To help you set limits that are right for you, think about these questions
How big a loss are you prepared to accept, before you start gambling?
How often do you play?
How long is your average gaming session?
Use your answers to determine how much you would like to allow yourself to deposit per day, per week or per month.
Financial limits may be set for the following periods:
Daily – calculated on a 24-hour basis
Weekly – calculated on a 7-day basis
Monthly – calculated on a 30-day basis
At your request, financial limits may be decreased, increased or removed entirely. An increase or complete removal of financial limits will only take effect after a 24-hour cooling-off period has elapsed, whilst a decrease to your financial limits
will come into effect immediately. You may only have one deposit limit in place at a time.
When you first register an account at 10Bet, you will be presented with the opportunity to set daily, weekly and monthly financial limits. You can then set or adjust the financial limit settings yourself either via the Details/Limits feature within
the Website or by contacting
Customer Service.
3.2. Reality Check
The Reality Check facility for provides for a Reality Check to be shown on the screen within your gaming session at a frequency of once per hour.
The Reality Check shall contain the following information:
the time which has elapsed since the beginning of your gaming session
a link to the Customer’s Transactions and Betting History
the Customer needs to confirm that he has read the message
The Customer is provided with the option to logout or continue playing
The Customer is provided with the option to set another time limit from a drop down menu.
Please note that when you are playing casino products provided by iSoftbet, the Reality Check shall not be shown on the screen within your gaming session.
3.3. Stop Gambling – Self-Exclusion
If you feel that your gambling has become problematic, you have the ability to self-exclude yourself either via the automated self-exclusion feature within the Website in ‘My Account’ or by contacting
Customer Service and requesting a self-exclusion period be applied to your account. You may self-exclude yourself by designating the period via a calendar or alternatively, permanently.
Please note that if you commence the self-exclusion process through the automated self-exclusion feature on our Website, the self-exclusion will not take effect until you click on the link in the confirmation email sent to your email address registered
with 10Bet, immediately after your request has been initiated. The link in the confirmation email (or in the case where automated self-exclusion has been requested more than once, the link in the most recent confirmation email) will expire
after 48 hours, after which you may either recommence the automated self-exclusion process through our Website, or contact Customer Service for the self-exclusion to be immediately applied.
We will endeavour to apply your self-exclusion as soon as practically possible, however, please note that this process takes a reasonable working period to implement. We will not consider the self-exclusion period as having commenced until it
has been fully implemented and communicated to you. If after this you find that you can still access any of our services, it is your responsibility to contact us immediately to inform us.
During self-exclusion, you will have access to the website so you can see your account history and information but you will not be able to place any bets and make deposits. When permanent Self-exclusion is selected you shall not have access to
remote gambling services at all. It will be only possible to revoke Self-exclusion upon written request (and thereafter only after 7 days has elapsed from the submitted written request), and 10Bet will always do all it can to detect and close
any new duplicate accounts that you may open. Once the self-exclusion is applied, we will mark you as an individual to whom marketing materials must not be sent within no more than two days of receiving the completed self-exclusion notification.
If you enter into a permanent self-exclusion, any funds held in your Casino Buy-In Account and/or Main Cash Account shall be returned to you. The minimum return amount shall be one (1) euro. Any unsettled bets with 10Bet at the time that you enter
into self-exclusion will be settled on the result of the event. If your bet is a winner, your winnings will be automatically withdrawn to your applicable credit/debit card or other financial account from which the funds were deposited.
Should you decide to self-exclude from 10Bet, we will automatically apply the self-exclusion to all other of your Customer accounts held with other brands managed by Ocean Star Limited, the Operator of 10Bet. We strongly recommend that you also
seek exclusion from all other betting operators you have an account with.
At the conclusion of your chosen self-exclusion period, your access to remote gambling services (depositing and wagering) shall be automatically reinstated.
We also suggest that if you use social media channels, you should take steps to ensure that you don’t receive our news or updates. We recommend that, during a period of self-exclusion, you seek additional support and advice from one of the Support
Organisations (set out at section 2 above).
3.4. Activity Statement
Information relating to your gaming, including your account balance, gambling history (including bet amounts, winnings and losses), deposits, withdrawals and other related transactions at 10Bet can be viewed via the Details/Limits feature within
the Website or by contacting
Customer Service.
3.5. Inactive Accounts
In case you have not logged in a period of 30 months, your account will be automatically closed and all funds in your balance account will be remitted to your bank account.
Player Protection Policy
1.
Protection of Minors
With the Internet so readily accessible via mobile devices and in homes around the world, responsible online gambling relies heavily on parental control and supervision. In order to ensure child safety on the internet, 10Bet encourages its Customers
to make use of filtering software to prevent minors from accessing inappropriate online material.
10Bet offers the following tips for parents:
Keep your 10Bet Username and password safe.
Do not leave your computer unattended when logged in to your 10Bet account.
Do not allow persons under 18 to participate in any gambling activity.
Keep your credit/debit cards and other financial account details out of reach of children.
Do not save passwords on your computer. Write them down and keep them in a safe place, away from minors.
Do not use the “Remember Me” feature if you access 10Bet from a shared computer, especially if you share your computer with children.
Educate your children about the illegality and the potential damage caused by underage gambling.
Take particular care regarding the use by minors of all electronic and mobile devices.
Make use of filtering software to prevent your children from accessing inappropriate material, including gambling sites.
Underage gambling is not only illegal, but can also result in early gambling dependency and substantial gambling debts incurred by unsupervised children.
So, if you share your mobile phone, tablet, laptop or computer with friends or family who are under the legal age to participate in online gambling, 10Bet recommends that you restrict their access to our Website by using one of the below services:
Netnanny.com - filtering software that protects children from inappropriate web content.
Cybersitter.com - filtering software which allows parents to add their own sites to block.
betterinternetforkids.eu - a website which is co-funded by the EU and provides information about internet filter software and also offers a free test version.
Other Important Tips:
Make sure that the decision to gamble is your own personal choice.
We suggest that you don’t gamble if:
it interferes with your daily responsibilities;
you are being treated or are in recovery for a dependency;
you are under the influence of alcohol or any other substance;
you are attempting to win back previous losses; or
your primary purpose is to recoup your debt with your winnings.
2.
Rules of Play
Before you start gaming at 10Bet, we recommend that you familiarise yourself with the rules of the games and, in the case of our Casino, try our “Practice Play” mode.
3.
Colluding
Should you ever suspect that a Customer is colluding with another Customer or cheating in any way, please notify 10Bet by contacting Customer Service immediately.
4.
Customer Service and Customer Complaints
4.1. Customer Service
You may contact Customer Service at any time by the following means:
E-mail:
support@10bet.com
Telephone : for all countries (excluding Ireland and Canada) +356 2778 0155, for Canada +1 613-366-3908 and for Ireland: +353 14-372-476
LiveChat
Post: Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, St. Julians STJ3141, Malta
4.2. Submission of Complaint
Customer complaints/claims of any nature must be submitted within 3 months of the issue occurring.
In order to ensure that your complaint/claim is directed to and investigated by the correct department, written communication must be submitted to 10Bet via the following means:
E-mail:
resolutioncentre@10bet.com
Post: Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, St. Julians STJ3141, Malta
4.3. Information which Must be Included in any Written Communication with 10Bet
To protect your privacy, all email communications between you and 10bet should be carried out using the email address that you have registered against your Customer account held with 10Bet. Failure to do so may result in our response being delayed.
The following information must be included in any written communication with 10Bet (including a complaint):
your username/account number;
your first name and surname, as registered on your Customer account;
a detailed explanation of the complaint/claim; and
any specific dates and times associated with the complaint/claim (if applicable).
Please note that any failure to submit written communication with the information outlined above may result in a delay in our ability to identify and respond to your complaint/claim in a timely manner. Upon receipt, we will endeavor to reply to
your communication within 48 hours. Further, best efforts will be made to resolve any reported matter promptly and, at a maximum, within one month. If for some reason you are not satisfied with the resolution of your complaint/claim, you may
refer the matter to an ADR provider.
5.
Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR)
If, at the conclusion of the Customer Complaint process (outlined in section 4), you do not consider that 10Bet has settled the dispute, you may refer the dispute to eCOGRA, our ADR provider. The dispute may be submitted using the eCOGRA website which
can be found at www.ecogra.org/forms/adr-dispute-step-1.
Alternatively, you can refer the dispute via the European Commission’s Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Platform (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main), which will then forward it on to the
relevant ADR entity.
The nominated ADR entity will act as an impartial adjudicator on disputes that arise between 10Bet and a Customer only when:
the Customer has been through 10Bet’s own internal Customer Complaint process (set out in section 4); and
a deadlock regarding the resolution exists.
ADR is a free of charge service. The ultimate resolution of the ADR shall be binding upon both 10bet and the Customer who referred the dispute.
Last Revision: 20 November 2020 (Version: #24)
Promotions terms
10bet General Promotion Rules
These 10bet General Promotional Rules, Sports Bonus Terms, Free Bet Terms and Non-Deposit Bonus Terms are inseparably linked to our
Terms & Conditions, of which they form a part, and their acceptance is a prerequisite to account registration. Any capitalized terms used herein which are not defined shall take their meaning from the
Terms & Conditions.
All customer offers are limited to one per person, family, household address, email address, telephone number, same payment account number (e.g. debit or credit card, Skrill and etc.), shared electronic device (e.g. school, public library, workplace, mobile phone) and shared IP.
A Customer’s total Account Balance is comprised of the aggregate of their Main Cash Account, Casino Buy-In Account, Sports Bonus Account and Casino Bonus Account. Withdrawals cannot be made from either of the Bonus Accounts, but they can both be used to make wagers. Funds from the Sports Bonus Account can be used to place wagers on “Sports” and “Live Betting” products and funds from the Casino Bonus Account can be used to place wagers on “Casino” products.
Any withdrawal of funds may result in the forfeiture or voidance of Casino product bonuses and promotions.
Any sports wagers made are deducted from the Main Cash Account first and any casino wagers are deducted from the Casino Buy-In Account first, as the case may be. Real money funds will always be used to place wagers/bets before bonus funds.
Unless otherwise specified, all bonus and promotion offers are only redeemable once per Customer and a Customer may have no more than one active Casino bonus and one active Sports bonus on his account at any given time.
When: (1) you have no open bets; (2) the remaining balance of your Sports Bonus Account is less than €1.00; and (3) your total sports balance is also less than €1.00; then the balance of your Sports Bonus Account shall automatically be transferred to your Main Cash Account. This will have the effect of removing the active Sports bonus from your account so that you can take up another promotion.
Any bonus and any associated winnings will be automatically removed from a Customer's account upon the Customer requesting a Withdrawal before meeting the rollover or eligibility requirements of the applicable bonus.
Cashed-Out bets shall not contribute to meeting the rollover or eligibility requirements of any Sports promotion.
If you wish to find out how much rollover requirement remains in respect of a given bonus, please contact
support@10bet.com.
If you wish to cancel an active bonus, please contact
support@10bet.com. Please note that in such circumstances, any amount (in the Casino Bonus Account or Sports Bonus Account, as the case may be) attributable to the active bonus will be removed, including any associated winnings.
All 10bet bonuses and promotions are intended for recreational players and 10Bet may, in its sole discretion, limit the eligibility of Customers to participate in all or part of any promotion. 10Bet reserves the right to request identification verification documents, including a photograph of the Customer with his identification document, prior to crediting a bonus to a Customer’s account.
10bet reserves the right to cancel the bonus eligibility, bonus amount and any associated bonus winnings of a customer or a group of customers following suspicious common betting patterns that could result in generating guaranteed profit and/or guaranteed bonus eligibility. This suspicious activity might include, without being limited to, common betting patterns across identical events/markets/selections that could be identified in one or across several accounts.
Without derogating from anything stated herein, detection of an apparent relation between users, common betting pattern or any other abusive betting strategic which unfairly exploits or manipulates one or more bonuses or promotions offered by 10bet (to be determined at 10Bet’s sole discretion) may result in the cancellation of the applicable promotion and any associated winnings, and may further result in the irreversible suspension of promotion and bonus eligibility.
10bet reserves the right to amend, cancel, reclaim or refuse any promotion at our discretion.
All management decisions are final.
Sports Bonus Terms
Unless otherwise specified, you must rollover the amount of your deposit and the corresponding Sports Bonus funds five (5) times before the funds in your Sport Bonus Account are transferred to the Main Cash Account and a Withdrawal of these funds may be made.
Unless otherwise specified, you must fulfil the rollover requirements within 90 days of the bonus being taken up, otherwise the funds held in your Sports Bonus Account will be forfeited.
Unless otherwise specified, to fulfil the bonus rollover requirements, all wagers must be made on odds of at least 3/5 (1.60) or higher, excluding any type of handicap (except 3Way Handicap), Forecast/Tricast and on Over/Under bets.
Bets will only count towards rollover requirements once they have been finally settled.
Any bet ‘win’ resulting from funds wagered from the Main Cash Account is credited into the Main Cash Account as 'stakes and winnings' up to the amount of the initial deposit used to claim the bonus. Any further realised gains (stake and winnings) exceeding the initial deposit amount, are credited to the Sports Bonus Account and continue to be subject to the remaining applicable bonus rollover requirements.
Any bet profit resulting from mixed Main Cash Account and Sports Bonus Account funds wagered, is credited into the Sports Bonus Account as ‘stake and winnings’ and is subject to the remaining applicable bonus roll-over requirements.
Only once the roll-over requirements are met in their entirety, within the designated period of time, shall the Sports Bonus Account funds associated with the bonus be automatically transferred from the Sports Bonus Account to the Main Cash Account and a Withdrawal of these funds may be made.
Unless otherwise specified, should a Withdrawal from the Main Cash Account be requested while there are funds in the Sports Bonus Account, the balance of the Sports Bonus Account shall be cancelled and forfeited.
In circumstances where Customers transfer funds from their Main Cash Account to their Casino Buy-In Account and the amount of such funds is not thereafter wagered at least twice before being transferred back to the Customer’s Main Cash Account, 10Bet may confiscate such funds, if such transfer patterns are deemed, at its sole discretion, as irregular gameplay and/or bonus manipulation.
Sports No-Deposit Bonus
Unless otherwise specified, you must rollover the amount of the No-Deposit Bonus awarded ten (10) times before the funds in your Sports Bonus Account are transferred to the Main Cash Account and a Withdrawal of any of these funds may be made.
The maximum withdrawable winnings from a Sports No-Deposit Bonus shall be five times (5X) the amount of the Sports No-Deposit Bonus credited to the Customer’s account.
Any winnings from No-Deposit Bonus credited to a Customer’s Sports Cash Account may only be the subject of a Withdrawal upon the Customer making a deposit into his Main Cash Account no less than the amount of the Sports No-Deposit Bonus from which the winnings were derived.
Free Bet
Unless otherwise specified, any winnings earned from a Free Bet shall be credited to a Customer’s Main Cash Account, and are withdrawable. The Free Bet amount shall not be stake-returned.
A Free Bet shall only be valid on specified bet types, sports, leagues or events – as stated in the specific promotion terms.
No Free Bet may be used in portions. For example, if a €10 Free Bet is used for a €5 bet, then the unused €5 shall be forfeited.
The Free Bet shall always be used prior to real money funds from the Main Cash Account - for example, if a customer is placing a €20 bet and selects a €10 Free Bet token, while having a balance of €100 in his Main Cash Account, then the total amount of the Free Bet will be used (€10) and €10 will be drawn from the Main Cash Account.
Any bet that satisfies the eligibility requirement to be awarded a Free Bet may not later be the subject of a Cash-Out.
Any bet the subject of a Cash-Out shall not contribute to any eligibility requirement to receive a Free Bet.
Bets placed on Asian Handicap or Over/Under, and are half-lost, shall not count towards the eligibility requirements of a Free Bet, when such conditions are considered for lost bets only or for missed selections in an accumulator.
If a bet which contributed to the eligibility of a Free Bet has been cancelled, 10Bet reserves the right to remove the Free Bet from the Customer’s account and shall, in its sole discretion, determine whether the Customer may be eligible for the promotion again.
If a bet contributing the eligibility of a Free Bet and a bet placed with the Free Bet cover opposite selections of one and the same event, any winnings shall be cancelled and forfeited.
Combo and System Bets, regardless of the number of individual bets placed, may contribute to the eligibility requirement for only for one Free Bet. For example, if a customer places three singles, as one bet, they shall contribute to the eligibility requirement for only one Free Bet. Further, if a Customer places a system of three doubles and one treble, the bets shall contribute to the eligibility requirement for only one Free Bet.
Any bets which contributed to eligibility requirement for a Free Bet shall not contribute to the eligibility requirement of any other offer.
Unless otherwise specified, any bets placed shall contribute to the eligibility requirements of a Free Bet first, before contributing the eligibility requirement of any other offer.
Casino Bonus Terms
Unless otherwise specified, you must rollover the amount of Casino Bonus funds thirty (30) times before the funds in your Casino Bonus Account are transferred to the Casino Buy-In Account and a Withdrawal of these funds may be made.
Unless otherwise specified, Customers must meet the rollover requirements within 15 days of the bonus being taken up.
Stakes from all game categories on the 10Bet ‘Casino’ product will contribute towards the rollover requirements. However, some game categories will contribute towards roll-over requirements more than others.
The contributing percentages are as follows:
Game Category
Stake % Contribution
Slots (all varieties)
100%
Progressive Slots
100%
Scratch Cards
100%
Arcades
100%
Keno
100%
Roulette (all varieties)
20%
Sic Bo
20%
Dream Catcher
20%
Card Games
10%
Blackjack (all varieties excluding Blackjack Surrender)
10%
Video Poker
5%
Russian Poker
5%
Baccarat (all varieties)
0%
Craps
0%
Live Football Studio
0%
Examples:
A bet of €5 in Slots will be calculated as €5 for wagering requirements.
A bet of €5 in Roulette will be calculated as €1 for wagering requirements.
A bet of €5 in Blackjack will be calculated as €0.5 for wagering requirements.
Any win resulting from funds gambled from the Casino Buy-In Account are credited into the Casino Buy-In Account as 'stakes and winnings' up to the amount of the initial deposit used to claim the bonus. Any further realised gains (stake and winnings) exceeding the initial deposit amount, are credited to the Casino Bonus Account and continue to be subject to the remaining applicable rollover requirements.
Winnings resulting from wagers made from the Casino Bonus Account are credited back to the Casino Bonus Account. Any profit resulting from mixed Casino Buy-In Account and Casino Bonus Account funds gambled, shall be credited into the Casino Bonus Account as ‘stake and winnings’ and is subject to the remaining applicable bonus rollover requirements.
Any Casino bonus amount awarded shall be available for wagering purposes only. The amount of such bonus funds shall be automatically deducted from the Customer's account upon satisfaction of the rollover requirements, unless specifically stated otherwise.
The following Casino games are excluded from bet placement if you have a Casino bonus balance: Blood Suckers; Blood Suckers 2; Simsalabim; Zombies; Dead or Alive; Big Bad Wolf; Northern Sky; Beautiful Bones; Big Bang; Castle Builder; Castle Builder II; Champion of the Track; EggOMatic; Peek a Boo; Stardust; The Wishmaster; Tower Quest; GEMiX; Gunslinger; Pearls of India; Rage to Riches; Eye of the kraken; Lucky Angler; Robin Hood; Tomb Raider Secret of the Sword; Scrooge; Untamed Giant Panda; Cool Buck 5 Reel; Vampire: The Masquerade - Las Vegas; Dragon's Myth; Forsaken Kingdom; Jekyll & Mr. Hyde. This applies to any other Casino games which are technically restricted from bet placement while a Casino bonus is active.
Casino bonus rollover requirements are removed only upon the cancellation or expiration of the applicable bonus. When the remaining balance of your Casino Bonus Account is less than €2.00 and your total casino balance is also less than €2.00, the balance of your Casino Bonus Account shall automatically be transferred from your Casino Bonus Account to your Casino Buy-In Account. This will have the effect of removing the active Casino bonus from your account so that you can take up another promotion. In the event that Customer makes subsequent deposits into his Casino Buy-In Account while still having a balance in his Casino Bonus Account (greater than €0.00) the Customer shall contact
support@10bet.com and ensure that the funds in his Casino Bonus Account are cleared from his balance prior to placing bets – otherwise, the initial bonus rollover requirements shall remain valid.
Before any Withdrawal is processed, your play will be reviewed for any irregular playing patterns. In the interests of fair gaming, equal, zero or low margin bets (on table games, likelihood of return on wager is greater than 95%) or hedge betting, shall all be considered irregular gaming for the purpose of meeting any roll-over requirements. Other examples of irregular game play include but are not limited to placing bets from Casino Bonus Account on table games or video poker, and upon winning more than twice the value of the bonus credited to their account, switching to play slot games until the bonus roll-over requirements have been met.
Should 10Bet deem, at its sole discretion, that irregular game play has occurred, it reserves the right to withhold any Withdrawals and/or confiscate any associated winnings.
Where there is evidence of a series of wagers having been placed by or for the same individual or syndicate of individuals on one and the same game using accredited bonus funds in an effort to reach a guaranteed profit, 10Bet reserves the right to make all wagers void and suspend relevant accounts.
10Bet considers all of the above General Promotional Rules, and Sports and Casino terms to be fair. Should you require any clarification or advice regarding them, please contact
support@10bet.com.
Casino No-Deposit Bonus
The maximum winnings from a Casino No-Deposit Bonus shall be ten times (10X) the amount of the Casino No-Deposit Bonus credited to the Customer’s account. Any winnings’ amount above this limit will be deducted following the completion of the rollover requirement.
Unless otherwise specified, you must rollover the amount of Casino No-Deposit Bonus funds fifty (50) times before the funds in your Casino Bonus Account are transferred to the Casino Buy-In Account and a Withdrawal of any of these funds may be made.
Any winnings from Casino No-Deposit Bonus credited to a Customer’s Casino Cash Account may only be the subject of a Withdrawal upon the Customer making a deposit into his Casino Cash Account no less than the amount of the Casino No-Deposit Bonus from which the winnings were derived.
Customers must make a deposit of at least €10 before they can withdraw any winnings associated with a No-Deposit Bonus
Free Spins
Any winnings from the Free Spins shall be credited to the Customer’s Casino Buy-In Account, with no rollover requirement. The value of the Free Spin shall not be stake-returned.
The maximum withdrawable winnings from Free Spin, credited as a result of a single promotion, shall be €50. For example, if 50 Free Spins are credited together, then the maximum cumulative withdrawable winnings shall be €50.
Customers must make a deposit of at least €10 before they can withdraw any winnings associated with Free Spins.
Last Revision: 16 March 2020
(Version: #15)
Privacy policy
10bet Privacy Policy
10bet, which includes all of the entities specified below under “The Group” section, including its affiliates (collectively, the "
Company"), offers online gambling services, such as casino, and sports gambling (collectively, the “Services”) via its own in-house brands (each, an "In-House Brand"; together with the Company: “Group”,
"
we", "
our" or "
us").
The Group is deeply committed to safeguard the privacy expectations of its users (“User(s)”, “you” or “your”) in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Accordingly, we have
put in place this Privacy Policy, which outlines our data protection practices, including how we collect, use, disclose and protect your Personal Information, as well as your rights with respect to your Personal Information/Data.
We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions. By visiting the Group’s websites, mobile apps or other online properties, or by creating an account through our Services, you hereby agree to the Privacy
Policy.
1.
The Group and the Data Controllers
The Group and the Data Controllers includes and ares the following companies:
Water Tree Limited, Blue Star Planet Limited and Ocean Star Limited.
The Group provides the Services through the following applications and platforms (collectively the “Platforms”):
This internet website, including any subdomains and any affiliated websites;
Downloadable applications and software ("Software"), such as native applications which are distributed through mobile application stores, as well as PC and Mac desktop software which can be downloaded to your computer;
Non-downloadable online applications (e.g. flash applications, HTML5 applications, etc.); and
Facebook applications.
2.
Privacy Principles
The Group follows the rules of GDPR. This means that whenever we handle your personal data, we always follow the GDPR principles:
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency
Purpose limitation
Data minimisation
Accuracy
Storage limitation
Integrity and confidentiality
Accountability
3.
Why we Collect Personal Information
We need to process your personal information in order to provide you with our services. We will only ever ask you for the smallest amount of information that we need and we only ever use it for lawful purposes. We never sell your information to
anyone else.
4.
What information we collect?
We collect two types of information from our Users:
Personal Information
The first type of information is information that identifies or may reasonably identify an individual with reasonable effort (“
Personal Information”). Personal Information that is being gathered may consist of the following:
Registration details: When you open an account and register to use the Services, you will be asked to provide us certain details about yourself, such as: first and last name, email address, gender, birth data,
physical address, ID number, phone number, occupation, etc. In addition, we may collect certain information as required under various Know Your Client("KYC") and Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") regulatory
requirements, such as your source of funds and source of wealth. Some of the information we process about you is necessary for us to meet the legal and regulatory obligations that we have as a gambling company. This includes licensing
requirements, responsible gaming obligations and Anti Money Laundering (AML) Regulations.
Governmental-
issued ID: In certain instances, you will be required to provide a copy of a governmental-issued ID, for identity verification process. Please note that this information is required for certain features of our
Services.
Gaming information: in order for us to provide the Services, we automatically record different information related to your account and use of our Services, including with respect to your transactions, deposits,
balances, bets, withdraws, bonuses and winnings, as well as participation in promotions, draws or contests.
We also collect information regarding potential gambling problems or addictions, based on your patterns of gambling across our Service, in order to ensure a responsible gaming environment and as required by law.
Payment information: In order for you to enjoy all of the functions of the Services (e.g. place bets, perform purchases etc.), payment information will be collected from you, such as your currency, credit card
number and bank account details.
Voluntary
information: We also collect information that you provide us voluntarily. For example, when you respond to communications from us, communicate with us via email or share additional information about yourself
through your use of the Services, such as on the chat feature and in games. This includes information you are willing to share with us for the purpose of improving and developing our relationship with you, as well as for maintaining
your satisfaction from our Services. Please note that communications with our Users (including VIP customers) can take place via a variety of channels, including through third party messaging apps.
Device information: We collect specific types of connection details and information with regard to your device, software or hardware that may identify you, such as: device’s unique identifiers (e.g. UDID, IMEI
and, MAC address), browser fingerprinting, IP address and geo-location data.
Telephone
calls: We record or monitor telephone calls the following purposes:
Dispute resolution, exercise and establishment of legal claims;
Customer service (such as ensuring quality monitoring and assurance, operational efficiency, ensuring that quality standards are met in terms of support performance and Users' satisfaction, etc.);
Compliance monitoring;
Training purposes;
Detecting and preventing crime or fraudulent activities.
Events: during our events, we conduct interview and take photos and videos, which may feature attendees, speakers, sponsors or exhibitors. Where photos and videos are taken that feature you as an attendee, speaker,
sponsor or exhibitor, we may use those photos and videos for promotional purposes. We may also use your interview for promotional purposes (such as by quoting you).
Social networks: When you register through your social network account (such as your Facebook account), to use the Services or connect your player account with such account, we will have access to basic information
from your social network account, such as your name, birthdate, profile picture and friends' list, as well as information you made publicly available on such account.
In addition, when using the Services, you may be able via your social network to "Invite a Friend" to use the Services. Should the person accept your invitation, we may obtain Personal Information from him/her such as: name, email address,
phone number and date of birth. We will use the Personal Information for the purposes set out herein and disclose such information only to third parties as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect from third parties: We collect Personal Information from third party service providers, such as information about your credit history from credit agencies and other financial information that is
relevant to the provision of the Services, as well as information that is gathered in order to verify your identity and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity.
Non-personal information The second type of information is un-identified and non-identifiable information pertaining to a User(s), which may be made available or gathered via the User’s use of the Services (“Non-Personal Information”).
Non-Personal Information which is being collected consists of technical information and aggregated usage information, and may contain, among other things, the User’s operating system, type of browser, screen resolution, browser and
keyboard language, the User’s ‘click-stream’ and activities on the Services, the period of time the User visited the Services and related time stamps, etc.
For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Types of Non-personal Information we collect from or about you including the following:
Technical information: In order to enhance the functionality of the Services and to provide you with a better user experience, we collect technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software
and hardware information (e.g. the type of browser and operating system your device uses, language preference, access time and the domain name of the website from which you linked to the Services; etc.).
Gameplay information: We record game play information including, amongst other things, your deposits, bets, bonuses, game session duration and your high scores. We may also share and publish such information through
any of our Platforms.
Device and connection information: If you download the Software to your device, we may collect information from the particular device you are using, for security and fraud detection and prevention purposes. For
example, we may gather information with regard to other software which is running simultaneously with the Software for detecting if you are using software which is associated with fraudulent activity (e.g. robots, malware, etc.)
or checking if the connection you are using is via a VPN or proxy.
Analytics information: We collect information about your use of the Services, such as applications' usage, log files, user activity (e.g. pages viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, online browsing,
clicks, actions, etc.), time stamps, alerts, etc. This information is collected for amongst other things troubleshooting errors and bugs as well as for research and analytics purposes about your use of the Services.
Anonymous information: We may anonymize or de-identify the information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information cannot, on its own, personally identify you. Our use and disclosure of
such aggregated or de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation and for any purpose, such as for advertising or marketing purposes.
5.
Conditions for Processing Personal Information
We will process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, each of which is prescribed by relevant data protection laws, based on the following lawful grounds:
Fulfillment of a contract, compliance with a legal obligation
It is necessary for us to process your Personal Information where it is necessary for the performance of a contract (such as for the User Agreement) or in order for us to comply with our various legal and/or regulatory responsibilities, including, but
not limited to, complying with the conditions of our gambling licenses and complying with any AML and KYC legislation.
Legitimate interests
We also process your Personal Information where we deem such processing to be in our (or a third party's) legitimate interests and provided always that such processing will not prejudice your interests, rights, and freedoms. Examples of us processing
in accordance with legitimate interests would include: (i) where we disclose your Personal Information to anyone or more of our associate/subsidiary companies following a restructure or for internal administrative purposes; (ii) detection
and retention of information pertaining to those with responsible gambling issues; (iii) processing for the purposes of ensuring network and information security, including preventing unauthorized access to our electronic communications
network; (iv) safeguarding the integrity of our Services by combatting, reporting and sharing information related to suspicious betting patterns or fraudulent activities; (v) adhering to regulatory and statutory requirements; (vi) devising
a tailored reward scheme for players; and (vii) sharing personal information with our advisers and professional services providers (such as auditors) for ensuring our compliance with regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
Consent
Our processing of your Personal Information will primarily be necessary for us to provide you with the Services. However, on certain occasions, we may ask for your consent to processing Personal Information. In these instances, your Personal Information
will be processed in accordance with such consent and you will be able to withdraw this consent in writing at any time.
Special Categories of Personal
Our processing of your Personal Information may also involve special categories of personal data, such as your racial or ethnic origin (as defined under Article 9 of the GDPR). We will process such information, as well as disclose it to competent authorities
(such as licensing bodies or law enforcement bodies), where it is necessary for the following purposes (to the extent permissible by applicable law): (i) prevention or detection of an unlawful act, (i) prevention of dishonesty, malpractice
or other seriously improper conduct, provided that obtaining your consent may prejudice those purposes. In addition, we may process and disclose such information where it is necessary for the purposes of safeguarding your (or others’)
economic well-being (such as detection and retention of information pertaining to those with responsible gambling issues).
Vital Interest
We may process your Personal Information if it is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, such as to prevent physical harm or threats that pose a risk of injury or other damage to the health
of an individual.
Public Task
On certain occasions, we may process or disclose your Personal Information if it is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority; for example, if we are requested by an officer of
a public body competent for investigating crime to cooperate in an on-going investigation, or where we decide to proactively disclose data to a third party having such an official authority (such as competent law enforcement).
6.
Minors
The Services are not designed or directed to persons under the age of 18 or persons under the age of legal consent with respect to the use of the Services of any jurisdiction, whichever is higher (“Legally of Age”). If you are
not Legally of Age, you should not download or use the Services nor provide any Personal Information to us.
We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal Information collected from you. In the event that we become aware that a user who is not Legally of Age has shared any information, we may discard such information unless it is needed to comply with
any legal or statutory obligation binding upon us. If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared any information with us, please contact us at
support@10bet.com
7.
How we use the collected information?
We use your Personal Information for the purposes listed below:
To set up, manage and update your account;
To provide and operate the Services (such as for betting and payment processing);
To communicate with you and to keep you informed of our latest updates to our Services and special offers;
To market our Services (see more below under “Marketing”), as well as to serve you advertisements, personalised content including behavioral advertising;
To conduct analytics, statistical and research purposes, in order to improve and customize the Services to your needs and interests (such as by compiling aggregated reports about the usage of certain features of our Services). This enables
us to understand the Users' preferences in order to better customize and personalize our offers and ultimately offer products and services that better meet the needs and desires of the Users, as well as to improve core product features.
For this purpose, we collect the following information:
Users' betting activity, capturing recording of betting sessions, as well as browsing and scrolling activity on our Services (including pages and links clicked, patterns of navigation, time at a page, devices used, where users are
coming from etc.);
Users' device data (including the hardware model, operating system version, advertising identifier, unique application identifiers, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, wireless network, and mobile network information).
In certain cases, we may reach out directly to the Users and ask them to participate in an interview, survey or usability testing, or otherwise provide feedback on our products and Services. Such participation is voluntary and
relies on the User's consent.
For customer relationship management purposes, and to support and troubleshoot the Services and to respond to your queries;
To enable us to further develop, customize and improve the Services based on Users’ common preferences and uses;
To provide you with a responsible gaming environment;
To communicate with your and to process any of your requests to exercise your User Rights;
To identify and authenticate your access to certain features of the Services;
To detect and prevent fraudulent and illegal activity or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Services, including by identifying risks associated with your activity on our Services;
To investigate violations of our policies and User Agreement as well as enforce our policies and the User Agreement;
To investigate and resolve disputes in connection with your use of the Services;
To assist us with meeting our regulatory obligations or as required by law or regulation (such as gambling regulations, KYC and AML regulatory requirements), including for the purpose of ascertaining your source of fund or income, or as
required by other governmental authorities, or to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or respond to a government request:
At times we need to ask you for your assistance to be able to confirm your identity and age, and show that you have sufficient funds to support your gambling activity. Where such information is required, your account may be subject
to certain restrictions until you have provided the requested information and documentation in order to satisfy these checks.
In order to verify your identity, we may ask you to provide a copy of photographic ID such as a copy of your passport, ID card, driving license or a document confirming your residential address such as a utility bill.
In order to verify the source of wealth and the funds you use to bet with, we may ask you to provide additional information and documentation that shows you have sufficient funds to support your gambling activity. This might include information
such as your occupation and salary, supported by documentation such as a copy of your bank statement or payslip.
In addition, we use your Personal Information upon your specific and informed consent, such as for certain marketing and promotional activities.
8.
Marketing
The Group will use your Personal Information, such as your name, home address, email address, telephone number etc., ourselves or by using our third party subcontractors for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials, concerning the
Services as well as products, services, websites and applications which relate to: (i) other companies within the Group; or (ii) the Group's business partners and affiliates (collectively: “Marketing Affiliates”), which we believe may interest
you.
We also share and disclose Personal Information with our Marketing Affiliates for the purpose of providing you different marketing offers, which we, or our Marketing Affiliates, believe are relevant for you. Our Marketing Affiliates may use this
Personal Information for different marketing techniques, such as direct email, post, SMS and telephone marketing purposes.
We will use your Personal Information for the purpose of providing you with promotional materials solely where we have a legitimate interest in doing so, or where we have obtained your affirmative consent.
You may at any time decline receiving further marketing offers from us or from our Marketing Affiliates by contacting us at
support@10bet.com or by unsubscribing from receiving marketing materials by following the guidelines available on the marketing communications (such as clicking on an “unsubscribe” button). Please note
that even if you unsubscribe from our marketing mailing list, we may continue to send you personaliszed content, service-related updates and notifications.
Please note: you can control the delivery of certain advertising or social campaigns through the settings offered by the respective third party platforms (e.g. Facebook).
In addition, if you download any of our mobile application to your device from the Apple AppStore or Google Play, the only way to prevent receipt of notifications is by changing the setting on the device itself.
9.
Cookies Policy
Introduction
When you visit or access our websites or applications operated by us, or when you interact or engage with our content (“Services”), we use (and authorize third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixel tags, scripts, tags, API
and other technologies ("Tracking Technologies").
The Tracking Technologies allow us to automatically collect information about you and your online behavior, as well as your device (for example your computer or mobile device), in order to enhance your navigation on our Services, improve our Services
performance and customize your experience on our Services. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of our Services, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your interests and administer services to
our users, advertisers, publishers, customers and partners.
We also allow third parties to collect information about you through Tracking Technologies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files (composed only of letters and numbers) that a web server places on your computer or mobile device when you visit a webpage. When used, the cookie can help make our Services more user-friendly, for example by remembering
your language preferences and settings. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work in an efficient way. The use of cookies allows you to navigate between pages efficiently. Cookies remember your preferences, and make the interaction between you and the Services smoother
and more efficient. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the advertisements you see online are relevant to you and your interests.
Storing Tracking Technologies
We store Tracking Technologies when you visit or access our Services (for example when you are visiting our websites) – these are called "First Party Tracking Technologies". In addition, Tracking Technologies are stored by other third parties
(for example our analytics service providers, business partners and advertisers) who run content on our Services – these are called "Third Party Tracking Technologies".
Both types of Tracking Technologies may be stored either for the duration of your visit on our Services or for repeat visits.
What types of Tracking Technologies do we use?
There are five main types of Tracking Technologies:
Strictly Necessary Tracking
Technologies – These Tracking Technologies are essential to enable you to login, navigate around and use the features of our Services, or to provide a service requested by you (such as your
username). We do not need to obtain your consent in order to use these Tracking Technologies. These Tracking Technologies can be used for security and integrity reasons - for example to detect violation of our policies and for support
or security features.
Functionality Tracking Technologies – These Tracking Technologies allow our Services to remember choices you make (such as your language) and provide enhanced and personalized features. For example, these Tracking Technologies
are used for authentication (to remember when you are logged-in) and support other features of our Services.
Performance Tracking Technologies – These Tracking Technologies collect information about your online activity (for example the duration of your visit on our Services), including behavioral data and content engagement metrics.
These Tracking Technologies are used for analytics, research and to perform statistics (based on aggregated information).
Marketing or Advertising Tracking
Technologies – These Tracking Technologies are used to deliver tailored offers and advertisements to you, based on your derived interests, as well as to perform email marketing campaigns.
They can also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by our advertisers (for example advertising networks) and provide
them insights about the people who see and interact with their ads, visit their websites or use their app.
Social media Tracking Technologies – Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook "Like" or "Share" buttons. These features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services. Your interactions
with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing these features.
Tracking Technologies
Type
Purpose
Analytics Cookies
First party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThese Tracking Technologies are used to collect information regarding how you interact with the content on our Services, attribution purposes (for example, the referral URL), etc.
We use the information to compile reports, calculate the revenues due to us and, help us improve the Services and to offer personalized products and content.
Hotjar
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesHotjar is a tool that aggregates data on how visitors to our site use are using it. Hotjar uses cookies to collect non-personal information. Examples of the type of information
collected include, but is not limited to, pages visited, how pages are used and interacted with, type of device and browser used and the country you are in. For more information on Hotjar, how it collects data, what data it collects
please and how to opt out of it collecting your information, please read Hotjar's privacy policy
Xtremepush
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance, Marketing or Advertising Tracking Technologies Xtremepush is a multi-channel analytics and engagement marketing platform we use for analytics purposes, completing web forms, enabling web push notifications
and for marketing purposes. Xtremepush Privacy Policy
Iovation
Third party Tracking Technology
Strictly Necessary Tracking TechnologiesIovation is used to prevent and detect devices associated with fraudulent or other malicious activity and provides device identification and fraud prevention services.
Iovation Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThis cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our Services. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Services. The cookies collect
the number of visitors to the Services, where visitors have come to the Services from and the pages they visited, and other data. Google Privacy Policy
Google Tag Manager
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThis cookie is associated with Google Tag Manager which we use to load scripts into our website pages. Google Privacy Policy
TrustPilot
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThese cookies are used to display reviews from TrustPilot, and gives you the opportunity to review us, as well as for analytics purposes. For more information on Trustpilot's Privacy
Policy.
Pingdom
Third party Tracking Technology
Performance Tracking TechnologiesThese Tracking Technologies are used to monitor page load timing and services uptime, as well as record information about the performance of our website and its network availability.
We use the Pingdom service to monitor our site to ensure a good customer experience. Pingdom Privacy Policy
Google AdWords
Third party Tracking Technology
Marketing or Advertising Tracking TechnologiesWe use Google AdWords which uses cookies to help us determine how many people who clicked on our Google Ads end up contacting us through our websites. This tracking
cookie is set on your browser only when you click on a Google Ad and these cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. Google Privacy Policy
Bing
Third party Tracking Technology
Marketing or Advertising Tracking TechnologiesWe use Bing Ads to show you personalized ads. These cookies keep track of your surfing behavior, and help us understand how our Bing campaigns perform by tracking actions
on our websites once ads have been clicked. Microsoft Privacy Policy
Income Access
Third party Tracking Technology
Marketing or Advertising Tracking TechnologiesWe utilize Income Access, an affiliate marketing services, to help record the performance of the affiliate services provided. Income Access may record unique identifiers
associated to your device to follow your activity within our website or app. This information is used to analyze and improve our services and to measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Income Access Privacy Policy
Incapsula
Third party Tracking Technology
Strictly necessary Tracking TechnologiesThis cookie is used to improve the security on our websites (such as for protection from Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks). Incapsula Privacy Policy
Other cookies
First and Third party Tracking Technology
Strictly necessary Tracking TechnologiesThese unlisted cookies might be in use on internal sections of the Services, in order to customize and simplify the user experience on the site by remembering choices you
made and your log in credentials.
How to manage your cookie settings
Please note that we do not recognize or respond to automated browser signals regarding Tracking Technologies, including "Do Not Track" requests. However, there are various ways in which you can manage and control your cookie settings. Please remember
that, by deleting or blocking cookies, some of the features of the Services may not work properly or as effectively.
Turning off cookies via your web
browserMost web browsers will provide you with some general information about cookies, enable you to see what cookies are stored on your device, allow you to delete them all or on an individual
basis, and enable you to block or allow cookies for all websites or individually selected websites. You can also normally turn off third party cookies separately. Please note that the settings offered by a browser or device often only
apply to that particular browser or device.
Information about cookies is usually found in the "Help" section of the web browser. Below are some links to some commonly used web browsers:
Chrome
Chrome for mobile
Internet Explorer and Microsoft
Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
Turning off third party cookies You can turn off certain third party cookies for advertising purposes by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative, located here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or
the DAA opt-out program, which are located here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, here (for EU/EEA citizens): http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ and
here (for mobile devices): http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
10.
Targeted Advertising
We use third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit the Platform and use the Services. You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI")
and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA").
For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please
visit their respective websites:
www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and
www.aboutads.info/choices .
11.
With whom we share information?
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties (“Recipients”) except as described in this Privacy Policy. The Personal Information will be disclosed to Recipients only to the extent required for the specific purpose,
as stipulated in this Privacy Policy.
We share Personal Information with any of the following recipients:
Any replacement service provider that we engage with to operate the Platforms;
Companies within the Group and other affiliated companies;
Gaming providers;
Subcontractors and third party service providers, as well as their subcontractors, which by way of example include (but is not limited to) cloud computing companies, marketing affiliates, identity verification and fraud prevention services,
and other data verifiers;
Credit reporting agencies ("CRAs") and credit reference bureaus, including for conducting name, address and age checks. In order to open an account for you, we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies and they
will provide us information about you. This includes:
Identity and contact data;
Information from your credit application;
Information about your financial situation and financial history;
Public information (including the electoral register);
Shared credit details; and
Fraud prevention information.
We do so to check your identity, manage your account and prevent criminal activity. The identities of the CRAs, their role as fraud prevention agencies, the data they hold, the ways in which they use and share personal information, their data retention
periods and your data protection rights with the CRAs are explained in more details at the websites below:
TransUnion (formerly Callcredit): https://www.transunion.co.uk/crain
Equifax: https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Experian: https://www.experian.co.uk/crain/
Payment service providers, payment processors and banks;
Any third parties who provides services in relation to the operation or promotion of the applicable Group’s brands;
Any third party who provides you with tangible prize;
Any third parties who organize offline events or tournaments on behalf of or in conjunction with any companies within the Group;
Hotels and flight companies (such as in the context of offline events and promotions);
Auditors, contractors or legal/financial/other advisers of any of the Group’s business processes;
Any third parties who investigate, detect or prevent fraudulent or illegal activity or enable us to enforce our policies, including in order to ascertain your source of income or funds (e.g. governmental authorities, police, banks and
other investigatory organizations);
Gambling addictions bodies;
Licensing authorities, governmental and regulatory bodies, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; and
Potential purchasers, successors or investors in any of the companies within the Group, or in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, reorganization, bankruptcy, consolidation or asset
sale of an asset or transfer in the operation thereof) in relation to any company within the Group (in such event, the acquiring company or transferee will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy).
In addition to the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, we share Personal Information with those Recipients for any of the following purposes:
Storing such information on our behalf, for example by using cloud computing service providers;
Processing such information to assist us with our business operations (e.g. to process payments and your deposits; authenticate your access; auditing our operations; detect and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity; etc.);
Performing research, technical diagnostics or analytics;
Communicating targeted advertising, as well as promotional and informational materials, in accordance with our marketing policy (see above, in the section titled "Marketing"); and
Whenever we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or legal claims, enforce our policies (including our User Agreement and Privacy Policy), protect your safety or the safety of others, as well as to investigate
or prevent any fraud, for security reasons or to help us with any other related technical issue.
When it is necessary for the protection of your vital interest or the vital interest of another natural person.
12.
International Transfer Of Information
Since we operate globally, it may be necessary for the provision of Services and to the extent required for the specific purpose, as stipulated in this Privacy Policy to transfer your Personal Information to countries outside the European Economic
Area. The data protection and other laws of these countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Economic Area.
We use best efforts to ensure that your Personal Information is protected in accordance with our privacy policy, through contractual means (such as by using the contractual clauses approved by the European Commision for data transfer, as available
here) or other means (such as ensuring that European Commission decisions determined
such that jurisdictions offer adequate level of protection, as available here).
For more information about the transfer of your Personal Data outside the EEA, please contact us directly at support@10bet.com
13.
Third Party Tracking Technologies
When you visit or access our Services (for example when you visit our websites), we use (and authorize third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixels, scripts, tags and other technologies ("Tracking Technologies").
The Tracking Technologies allow us to automatically collect information about you and your online behavior, as well as your device (for example your computer or mobile device), for different purposes, such as in order to enhance your navigation
on our Services, improve our Services’ performance and customize your experience on our Services. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of our Services. We also use this information to collect statistics about
the usage of our Services, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your interests and administer services to our Users, advertisers, publishers, customers and partners.
We also allow third parties to collect information about you through Tracking Technologies. To learn more see our Cookie Policy.
14.
Third Party Services
While using the Services you may encounter links to third party websites, services or applications (such as third party messaging apps). Please keep in mind that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites, services or applications,
even if they are accessible, downloadable, or otherwise distributed through the Services.
Please be advised that such third party websites, services or applications are independent from the Group. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such third
party websites and/or services. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use of such third party websites and/or services, as their terms, not ours, will apply to any of your interactions with such third parties.
You should always review their privacy practices carefully before providing Personal Information to such third parties.
You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using any third-party websites, services or applications. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your usage of them.
15.
Retention Of Personal Information
If you have registered with an account through our Services, the Group will retain your Personal Information during the period your account is active. In addition, the Group will retain your Personal Data for additional periods, as strictly necessary
to enable the Group to meet its legal obligations under applicable laws or regulations, such as the applicable gambling regulations, KYC and AML regulations, as well as to meet the Group's contractual obligations.
In addition, the Group may retain your Personal Information for longer periods, provided that retaining such information is necessary for the Group’s legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention and record keeping, responsible gaming reasons,
resolving or exercising claims regarding potential disputes, and where the Group is guided to do so by the applicable supervisory authority.
16.
Your Rights
You may contact us at any time by email (at: support@10bet.com), and request:
To access or delete any Personal Information relating to you;
To change or update any Personal Information relating to you (for example, if you believe that your Personal Information is incorrect, you may ask to have it corrected or deleted). Note that you may also request that we will correct errors
with regard to your Personal Information (except in cases where the information is required to be kept in its original format under any applicable laws and regulations);
That we will restrict or cease any further use of your Personal Information;
That we will provide the Personal Information you volunteered to us in a machine-readable format.
To object to the processing of your Personal Information (such as for marketing purposes);
To withdraw your consent to our processing activities (provided that such processing activities rely on your consent, and not on a different legal basis);
To not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, except where such processing is necessary for the performance of
the contract between you and us, or it is based on your explicit consent, as provided hereunder.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including gambling regulations and other legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations. We may also rectify, replenish
or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies.
17.
How We Keep Your Information Secured
We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the Services and your information. We have put in place appropriate physical and technological safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to
use correctly the information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
We employ industry standard procedures and controls to ensure the safety of our users’ information, such as:
Secure network topology, which includes intrusion prevention and Firewall systems;
Encrypted communication;
Authentication and Access Control;
External and Internal audit tests; etc.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse the Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.
18.
Changes To The Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Policy on the Services and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes
to the applicable e-mail address that you provided to us. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are
effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Services after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
19.
How To Contact Us
If you have any general questions about the Services or the information that we collect about you and how we use it, please contact us via email at
support@10bet.com or by sending a letter to:
Ocean Star Limited
Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, St. Julians STJ3141, Malta
Attn: Data Protection Officer
We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time. The DPO will then look into your questions and whether your information has been handled appropriately and in line with this privacy notice, our legal obligations and our internal policies and procedures. The DPO will then contact you regarding the outcome of the assessment and any steps that have been taken as a result.
If after raising your issues with the DPO you are unhappy with the resolution you can make a complaint to our lead supervisory authority, the Maltese Data Protection Commissioner:
Office of the Information and Data Protection Commissioner
Level 2, Airways house
High Street
Sliema
SLM 1549
Malta
(+356) 2328 7100
idpc.info@idpc.org.mt
Last Revision: 08 May 2020 (Version: #57)
Security
Security
Responsibility
10Bet clearly recognize that your online security is of absolute importance. We work tirelessly to ensure that your personal
details and information is 100% secure and are proud holders of all mandatory certification and legal accreditation.
Encryption
We take our responsibilities in making sure that your online experience with 10Bet is as safe and secure as technically possible,
very seriously indeed. State-of-the-art technology including minimum 128-bit SSL digital encryption is deployed to
secure all financial transactions, (look out for the padlock icon located bottom right of the page). This shows you
that you are in a secure area and that any details sent are encrypted. These are the same security systems as banks
andcredit card companies use, the worldover, to maintain customer information security and integrity.
Firewall
The 10Bet website also uses a protective Firewall that acts as a shield between the website itself and the outside Internet.
This acts as an additional layerof protection guarding us and our clients against unauthorised access.
Auto Time Out
Our systems automatically detect periods of inactivity when you are logged on and will automatically 'time out' your session
for your protection.
Verification and Protocols
For the benefit of all our members we act to identify the fraudulent use of credit cards through our sophisticated credit
card verification system.
Cards are verified either over a secure line or using a secure FTP - FileTransfer Protocol. Nocard data or bank details are
ever shared over the Internet nor do we ask your bank for personal information over the phone during the validation
process.
If for any reason details associated with a card are incorrect our security systems automatically suspend the account.
Trust 10Bet to provide you with the safest, most secure online betting service on the market.
Last Revision: 31 March 2018 (Version #2)
Betting rules
Betting Rules
These Betting Rules are inseparably linked to our
Terms & Conditions, of which they form a part, and acceptance of these Betting Rules is a prerequisite to account registration. Any capitalized terms used herein which are not defined shall take their meaning from the Terms & Conditions.
The minimum amount for a bet is £0.05. Your maximum amount for a bet differs between sports, leagues and bets. You will see the exact value specified in the field where you enter the stake amount, when placing a bet. We make no guarantee that any bet placed within or for the maximum stake shall be accepted.
10Bet reserves right to refuse the whole or any part of any bet request for any reason and at our sole discretion. Individual bet requests may be reviewed and an alternative price or stake offered at our sole discretion.
10Bet accepts bets made online. Bets are not accepted in any other form (email, telephone, fax, etc.) and if received will be void, win or lose.
10Bet reserves the right to refuse/cancel any bet or part of a bet before the game starts and to make ambiguous bets void, without providing any justification.
Customers cannot cancel or change a bet once the bet has been placed and confirmed.
Bets (excluding live betting) will be accepted until the earlier of: the advertised start time of the event or its actual start time. If a bet is inadvertently accepted which includes an event after its actual or advertised start time, unless it is a live-betting event, the match/bet will be treated as a non-runner.
We also reserve the right to correct obvious errors with the input of betting odds. In such cases we could apply revised odds for final settlement on pre-live betting.
Irrespective of which betting odds format you select for odds to be shown in your Customer account, all bets will be settled based on American odds.
Where we have reason to believe that a bet is placed after the outcome of an event is known or after the selected participant or team has gained a material advantage (e.g. a score, sending off etc.) we reserve the right to void the bet, win or lose.
10Bet reserves the right to cancel any bets from customers who place money on an event where they are in any way involved, as participants, referee, coach etc.
10Bet reserves the right to withhold payment and to declare bets on an event void if we have evidence that the following has occurred: (i) the integrity of the event has been called into question or (ii) matchrigging has taken place. Evidence may be based on the size, volumes or pattern of bets placed with 10Bet across any or all of our betting channels.
When an event is cancelled, all related bets will be void automatically and accounts refunded.
If any match is abandoned due to injury, bad weather, crowd trouble etc. all bets that have already been settled up until the time of abandonment will stand. For example: If a football match is abandoned in the second half, all bets involving the 1st half will stand. What’s more, if there has been a goal scored, the first goal scorer market will stand, but the last and any time goal scorer bets will be void. For tennis: if a player retires injured in the 3rd set, all bets to win the 1st and 2nd sets will stand.
10Bet does not accept any responsibility for typing, human or palpable errors, which lead to obvious price errors. In such cases all bets will be deemed void.
Multiple bets that combine different selections within the same event are not accepted where the outcome of one affects or is affected by the other. If such a bet is taken in error, the bet will be cancelled.
10Bet offers you the ability to bet in play on a variety of global sporting events and while we do make every effort to ensure all live betting information is accurate, there may be situations where such information is incorrect, due to delays or otherwise. When checking live betting odds, live event start times or any other live event markets, please be aware that such information is provided as a guide only and we accept no liability for the outcome of any inaccuracies which may occur. It is the sole responsibility of the customer to check such information is accurate at the time of publication.
The official result is final for settlement purposes except where specific rules state the contrary. The podium position in Grand Prix racing, the medal ceremony in athletics and any similar official ceremony or presentation in other sports are to be treated as the official result.
Winnings will be credited to the Customer’s account following confirmation of the final result.
10Bet reserves the right to void any or all bets made by any person or group of persons acting in an attempt to defraud us.
10Bet reserves the right to void any bet that may have been accepted when the account did not have sufficient funds to cover the bet. If an account has insufficient funds as a result of a deposit that has been cancelled by the payment processing party, 10Bet reserves the right to cancel any bet that may have been accepted retroactively.
The maximum total winnings to any customer on any calendar day for bets placed with 10Bet is €100,000.00 or equivalent (hereafter the “Maximum Daily Winnings Payout”).
Fraud and Collusion:
A number of bets may be treated as being one when a Customer places multiple copies of the same bet. When this occurs all bets may be voided apart from the first bet struck. A number of bets that contain the same single selection may be treated as being one. When this occurs all bets may be voided apart from the first bet struck. An example would be where 1 particular selection is repeatedly included in Multiple bets involving other short-priced selections.
Where there is evidence of a series of bets each containing the same (or very similar) selection(s) having been placed by or for the same individual or syndicate or individuals, 10Bet reserves the right to make bets void and suspend relevant accounts. This rule applies to both settled and unsettled bets.
If you have played in a professional capacity, or in tandem with other Customer(s) as part of a club, group, etc., or placed bets or wagers in a coordinated manner with other Customer(s) involving the same (or materially the same) selections; in this instance we further reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to restrict the total maximum pay out for the combined total of any such bets, to the equivalent of the Maximum Daily Payout limit permitted for a single Customer (as outlined at section 21 above). 10Bet is for sole use on an individual basis and for personal entertainment only.
10Bet allows only one account per person. Any subsequent accounts opened under the same postcode/personal details/IP address that are found to be related to any existing account may be closed immediately and any bets will be voided at 10Bet's discretion. 10Bet reserves the right to reclaim any winnings attained by these means and we reserve the right to withhold all or part of your balance and/or recover from your account deposits, pay outs, bonuses, any winnings that are attained by these means.
Your play shall be reviewed for irregular betting patterns. Irregular betting shall mean: (1) equal, zero or low margin bets or hedge betting by placing multiple bets; and (2) placing multiple bets in order to circumvent any maximum bet limitation (as shown on the betting slip or as agreed with 10Bet). In case 10Bet identifies an irregular betting pattern, we may: (i) void all of the Customer’s bets which are linked to irregular betting, except for the bet placed first; or (ii) cancel any bonuses or promotions applied to your account and remove any subsequent winnings relating to the bonus or free bet.
Last Revision: 7 August 2018 (Version: #9)
American football
American Football
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action.
Abandoned or postponed matches are void unless rearranged and played on the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules. An exception is made if incorrect kick-off time is announced on our website.
All bets on the game include overtime scoring unless stated otherwise.
Regular Season – Moneyline 3-Way Full-Time bets are settled either at FT or after Overtime has been played. Overtime could result in a tie in Regular Season games.
Playoffs – Moneyline 3-Way Full-Time bets are settled at FT, excluding Overtime.
Games must go at least 55 minutes of play for bets to have action. If a game is suspended before 55 complete minutes are played, all bets on the outcome of the game are refunded unless otherwise stated, except for bets on any markets that have been unconditionally determined.
In 2-way markets push rules apply unless otherwise stated below. Stakes on single bets are returned and in multiples/parlays the selection is treated as a non-runner.
If a match venue is changed, bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, then bets based on the original listing will be void.
Live-Betting
Live betting game bets include overtime.
Points are considered regardless of whether they are scored before or after the bet is placed.
Teasers
Teasers/Super Teasers/Monster Teasers allow adjustment of points spread and game totals on two or more teams.
A fixed number of points are bought on all selections in the teaser. The number of teams selected and the number of points selected determine the payout odds:
6-point Teasers:
Two teams = -110/1.9 Three teams = +170/2.7 Four teams = +290/3.9 Five teams = +450/5.5 Six teams = +650/7.5
6.5-point Teasers:
Two teams = -120/1.83 Three teams = +150/2.5 Four teams = +240/3.4 Five teams = +400/5 Six teams = +550/6.5
7-point Teasers:
Two teams = -130/1.76 Three teams = +130/2.3 Four teams = +190/2.9 Five teams = +350/4.5 Six teams = +450/5.5
10-point Teasers (Super) Three teams = -120/1.83 (push loses)
13-point Teasers (Monster) Four teams = -120/1.83 (push loses)
All selections must be successful in order for the bet to win.
If a selection in the teaser is a push, the teaser will drop to the next lower level, in case a lower level is offered for that particular teaser.
A push in a two-team teaser without a loss will be considered “no action” and the stake will be refunded.
When placing a bet on a super/monster teaser a push will result in a lost bet.
Teaser bets will only be allowed on pre-match events and for selected leagues, including:
1. Regular teasers for NFL and NCAAF: 6, 6½ and 7 points 2. SUPER TEASERS: 3 teams teaser - buying 8 points, ties lose, odds -120/1.83 3. MONSTER TEASER: 4 teams teaser - buying 10 points, ties lose, odds -120/1.83
Buying points
Buying points allows you to change the point-spread or the game total of an American Football game. You can move the point-spread in order to get more points when betting on the underdog, and fewer points when betting on the favorite. You can move the total in order to get a higher total when betting on under or a lower total if betting on over.
Winners/Outrights
Bets will be settled according to the final league position including Play offs and according to the official site of the event.
Winner
Predict the winner of the game. Bets include overtime if played. If the game ends in a draw, 2Way bets on Winner will be void.
Spread
Predict the winner of the game, applying the given spread (handicap).
Over/Under/Total Points
Predict if the points scored by both teams will be over or under a given number.
Total Field Goals
1st Half Total FGs
Predict the number of FGs scored in the 1st Half. If the 1st Half is not completed, then all bets are void unless the outcome has already been determined.
2nd Half Total FGs
Predict the number of FGs in the 2nd Half. If the 2nd half is not completed then all bets are void unless the outcome has already been determined. 2nd half includes OT, unless otherwise stated.
1st Half
Bets settled on the first half result only.
Bets will be void if the match is abandoned before halftime.
If a match is abandoned during the second half then all first half bets are still valid.
2nd Half
Bets settled on the second half result include overtime.
1st Scoring Play of the 2nd Half
Predict the 1st scoring play of the 2nd half. 2nd half includes OT, unless otherwise stated. Possible selections are: TD, FG, Safety, No Score. If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
1st/2nd/3rd Quarter
Bets settled on the quarters result only.
If the entire game is not completed, wagers on quarters will have action in case the relevant period was completed.
4th Quarter
Bets settled on the 4th quarter result include overtime (unless otherwise stated).
Halftime/Fulltime
Predict the result of a match at halftime and fulltime.
Example: If you choose 1/2, you bet on the home team to lead in the first half and the away team to win the game.
Bets on Halftime/Fulltime exclude overtime.
Team with Highest Scoring Half
Predict the team with the highest scoring half. Tie is an option.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void.
Odd/Even
A prediction of whether the total number of accumulated points in a game will add up to an odd or even number.
Method of Next Score
Predict the method of next score in the match. Points after Touchdown do not count as scorers. If a game is abandoned, all bets will be void unless the outcome of a bet is already determined. In the absence of score bets will be void.
Possible selections are: Touch down, Field Goal or Any Other Score.
Next Score
Two-way selection to predict which team will score next in the match. Points after Touchdown do not count as scorers. If a game is abandoned, all bets will be void unless the outcome of a bet is already determined.
Possible selections are: Team A or Team B
Team to Score 1st and Win
Predict if a team will score first and will win the game. If the match is not completed then all bets are void.
Total team points
"Total team points" is similar to Over/Under Wager.
Win/loss is determined by the points accumulated by a named team.
To Qualify
Should a team be disqualified from the tournament prior to the match, and a bye is awarded, then all qualification bets will be void.
Over Time
Predict whether the game will go to overtime or not.
Highest Scoring Half/Quarter
Highest Scoring Half (3W)
Predict the highest scoring half. 4th Quarter includes OT, unless otherwise stated. Tie is an option.
If the match is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Highest Scoring Quarter (5W)
Predict the highest scoring quarter. 4th Quarter includes OT, unless otherwise stated. Tie is an option. If the match is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in 1st Half
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in 2nd Half
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in 1st Quarter
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in 2nd Quarter
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in 3rd Quarter
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in 4th Quarter
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Total Touchdowns in Alternatives
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Touchdowns O/U
The entirety of the time period on the wager (quarter/half/game) must be played for wager to have action, unless result has already been determined.
Touchdown Scorers
A touchdown scorer is the player who possesses the ball in the opponent’s end zone.
Bets on players not taking part in the match will be void.
If a match is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless a Touchdown is already scored. If a touchdown is already scored, all bets for First Touchdown Scorer will stand, bets on Anytime Touchdown Scorers will be void unless result is already determined, and all bets on Last Touchdown Scorer will be void.
Team to Score First Touchdown
Predict which team will score first TD in the game. If the match is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Team to Score Last Touchdown
Predict which team will score last TD in the game. If the match is not completed, then all bets are void.
Winning Margin
Predict the team to win the match and the margin of victory. Overtime is included (if played).
Race to 10
Predict which team will be the first to score 10 points in the game. If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
2nd Half Race to 5/10/15/20 Points
Predict which team will be the first to score 5/10/15/20 points in the 2nd half. 2nd half includes OT, unless otherwise stated.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the outcome has already been determined.
Last Revision: 06 January 2020 (Version: #7)
Aussie rules
Aussie Rules
All bets shall be settled on official AFL result only.
All Australian Rules bets shall be settled including overtime if played, unless otherwise stated.
In the event that extra time is played all head to head betting will be settled inclusive of Extra time.
If a match is abandoned before the end of normal time, all bets on the match are void, except for those markets which have been unconditionally determined.
If a match is postponed and rescheduled to take place within 48 hours of the original start time, all bets on the match will stand.
If a match is no longer playing at the venue advertised, all bets will stand unless the venue has been changed to the opponent’s home ground, in which case all bets will be void.
AFL betting rules
All wagers shall be settled on the officially declared result from the AFL. This includes match winners and goal kicking statistics.
Regular season fixtures and the Grand Final include extra time. For pre-season fixtures such as NAB cup and the finals series (excluding the Grand Final) where extra time is offered, bets shall be settled on the regular time result. Extra time will not be included.
For the purposes of determining futures markets such as Make the Grand Final/Minor Premiership/Premiership/Top 4/ Top 8, all deductions of points by the AFL due to breaches of regulations shall stand.
Brownlow Medal betting will be paid on official results as presented at the awards night. In the event of two or more players having equal points, the Dead Heat rule shall apply.
Coleman Medal betting shall only take in the regular season – NAB cup and any other preseason fixtures shall not apply. Finals series do not apply.
For first goal scorer markets, bets on players taking no part in the match shall be void. If your player is an unused substitute, or takes the field as a designated substitute after a goal has been scored then bets on your player to score the first goal shall be made void.
Wire-to-Wire market is based upon a selection leading the match at the end of each quarter.
Time of first goal markets are based upon official AFL clock.
For all Futures markets that are determined by an outright winner, the Dead Heat rule shall apply.
Gameplay specifics
Scoring à Points = Goals (scores 6 points) + Behinds (score 1 point)
Like many other codes of football, the way to score points is to score goals. In Australian Football, there are two types of scores: a goal and a behind.
A goal umpire judges whether a goal or behind is scored.
Game length
The length of a game of Australian Football can vary from league to league, but is generally around 15 to 25 minutes per quarter. In the AFL, each quarter runs for 20 minutes plus time on – which makes up for time occupied in stoppages, such as when the ball going out of bounds, injuries, goals (or behinds) being kicked, or when the umpire is setting the angle of a free kick on goal. Time is kept by two off-field officials, known as "timekeepers", who sound the siren at the start and end of each quarter. A typical AFL quarter might run from 27 to 33 minutes, but may be even longer if, for instance, injuries cause delays. AFL breaks after the first and third quarters are six minutes, with a 20-minute break at halftime.[5] Thus, a match with quarters averaging 30 minutes would last about two and a half hours.
1st Quarter / 2nd Quarter / 3rd Quarter / 4th Quarter
Bets settled on 1st/2nd/3rd/4th – Quarter Result final result only.
If a match is abandoned at any time those Quarter markets that are already determined will stand.
1st Half / 2nd Half
Bets settled on the first/second half result only.
Bets will be void if the match is abandoned before half time.
If a match is abandoned during the second half all first half bets are still valid.
Outright
As stated in the AFL regulations above and overall Outright settlement – bets are declared valid for settlement as stated on official final league position.
First / Last to Score
Points – first / last to score any kind of point – goal or behind;
Goals – first / last to score Goal;
Behinds – first / last to score Behind;
Total Points / Goals / Behinds
Predict how many Points (combined between Goals & Behinds), Goals or Behinds (counted as separate scoring) – will be scored during the match.
Winning Margin
Predict the Team to win the Match and the victory margin.
Race To (Points / Goals / Behinds)
Predict the Team to reach first to selected number of Points, Goals or Behinds during the match.
Version 2. Last updated: 2 October 2017
Bandy
Bandy
General rules
All games must start on the scheduled date (local stadium time) for bets to have action. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
If a match venue is changed, bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
All match markets will be settled on the score at the end of regular time and will exclude overtime if played, unless otherwise stated.
If scheduled playing time is changed from 2 halves x 45 minutes, to 3 periods x 30 minutes, full time bets will be considered valid and half-time bets will be void.
Halves markets - The relevant half must be completed for bets to have action, unless the specific market outcome is already determined.
Specific Market Rules
All pre-match bets are Excluding OT, unless otherwise stated.
2-Way Markets – Push rule apply unless otherwise stated.
Total Goals Odd/Even – If there is no score all bets will be settled as Even.
Winning Margin – includes Tie.
Winning Margin 3 way – includes Any Other Result.
Winning Margin 5 way (Any Team) – includes Tie.
Highest Scoring Half – Predict the highest scoring half. Excludes overtime. Includes Draw.
Team with Highest Scoring Half – Predict the team with highest scoring half. Push rule apply.
Half Time / Full Time – Predict the winner at the end of the 1st Half and the Full-Time winner.
Race to X Goals – includes Neither.
Settlement
All settlements are based on the statistics and results provided by the official website of the league’s governing body on the day of the game, unless otherwise stated.
Outright
Predict the winner of the league/tournament. Bets will be settled according to the final standings, including playoffs (if played), unless otherwise stated.
1x2
Predict the outcome of the game. There are 3 possible results:
1 – Home team wins
X – Draw
2 – Away team wins
Spread
Predict the winner of the game, applying the given handicap (spread) to the result.
Over/Under
Predict whether the total goals scored by both teams will be over or under a given number.
Last Revision: 20 November 2020 (Version #2)
Baseball
Baseball
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action. If a game does not start on the scheduled start date then all bets will be void. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
If a game is suspended and completed on a subsequent day then all bets will be considered void (unless otherwise stated in these rules).
An exception is made for games in which a Mercy Rule is used: the result at the time of the Mercy Rule call will be used for settlement purposes.
All bets include extra innings unless otherwise stated.
There must be at least 5 full innings of play unless the home team is leading after 4½ innings, for bets on Money Line to have action. If a game is called or suspended, the winner is determined by the score after the last full inning unless the
home team scores to tie, or takes the lead in the bottom half of the inning, in which case the winner is determined by the score at the time the game is called. Monies will be refunded if the home team ties the game and it is then suspended.
suspended games will not carry over to the following day.
The game must go at least 9 full innings (or 8½ innings if the home team is ahead) for bets on Over/Under or Run line to have action with the exception of when a result has already been determined.
3-way Money Line is related to the first 9 Innings. Settlement will exclude any extra innings played. Extra Inning refers to any innings played after the full 9 innings ended in a tie. Highest Scoring Period will be settled with the result including
any Extra Inning(s) played.
For 7 innings games the game must go at least 7 full innings (or 6½ innings if the home team is ahead) for bets on Over/Under or Run line to have action unless specified otherwise.
In 2-way markets push rules apply unless otherwise stated below. Stakes on single bets are returned, and in multiples/parlays the selection is treated as a non-runner.
If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed then bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
Live-Betting
All bets are action regardless of pitching changes. Extra innings count.
MLB wagers
Action Bet
This is a bet where you pick a team regardless of the starting pitcher of the team. If a scheduled pitcher on either team is changed after you make your bet and before the start of the game, your bet is still active. The Action rules
only apply for pre-live bets placed on any market with [Action] in the name of the market.
Listed Pitchers Bet
This is a bet where you bet on a game based on the starting pitchers for both teams. If a scheduled pitcher on either team is changed after you make your bet and before the start of the game then your bet is deemed as "no action"
and refunded. The Listed Pitchers rules apply on bets placed on all other markets that are not listed above.
Cash Out Note:
For any Action bets, Cash Out will not be available in the following scenarios:
When the game is now live.
When there is a starting pitcher change after you make your bet and before the start of the game.
MLB Player Props Rules
Total Strikeouts O/U
Props are official after 9 full innings or 8 1/2 if the home team is winning unless outcome has been determined. Extra innings count. Both pitchers must start for action. Shortened games,
while official for MLB purposes, are not for this proposition.
Total Home Runs O/U
Props are official after 9 full innings or 8 1/2 if the home team is winning unless outcome has been determined. Extra innings count. Both pitchers must start for action.
Total Hits+Runs+RBI's O/U
Player must start for action. Props are official after 9 full innings or 8 1/2 if the home team is winning unless outcome has already been determined. Extra innings count. Both pitchers must start for action.
Player's Total Hits O/U
Player must start for action. Props are official after 9 full innings or 8 1/2 if the home team is winning unless outcome has already been determined. Extra innings count. Both pitchers must start for action.
Player to get a hit YES/NO
Player must start for action. Props are official after 9 full innings or 8 1/2 if the home team is winning unless outcome has already been determined. Extra innings count. Both pitchers must start for action.
MLB Grand Salami
Predict total number of runs scored in all games scheduled in MLB for that given day. All scheduled games must play at least 9 innings (8.5 if the home team is leading) for wagers on the Grand Salami to have action and all games must
be started on their scheduled date. If any of the games are postponed , all wagers will be voided.
Note
For the Grand Salami (Away Runs vs Home Runs), the home team runs will be the runs scored by the teams batting in the bottom of the inning.
Money line
Predict which team will win the game.
Run line
Win/loss is determined by the number of runs accumulated by both teams and then comparing with the run line given before the game start.
Run line -1.5
You win if your team wins the game with a run difference of two or more.
Run line +1.5
You win if your team wins or losing with in exactly a one run difference.
O/U / Totals / 2W Total Line
Predict the total runs achieved in a match.
Over 9.5
Your bet wins if there are more than 9 runs in the match otherwise your stake is lost.
Under 9.5
Your bets wins if there are less than 10 runs in the match otherwise your stake is lost.
Under 9
Your bets wins if there are less than 9 runs in the match.
If there are 9 runs exactly the stake is returned otherwise your stake is lost.
Over 9
Your bet wins if there are more than 9 runs in the match.
If there are 9 runs exactly the stake is returned otherwise your stake is lost.
1st Half (5 innings)
All bets on baseball first half will be determined by the score at the end of five full innings.
The game must go at least 5 full innings for bets to have action.
Odd/Even
A prediction of whether the total number of accumulated runs in a game will add up to an odd or even number.
The game must go at least 9 full innings (or 8½ innings if the home team is ahead) for bets to have action.
Series betting
Bets are void if the statutory number of games (according to the respective governing Organizations) are not completed or changed.
1st To 3 Runs
Predict which team will be the first to score 3 runs.
If neither team scored 3 runs bets on 1st To 3 Runs will be void.
1st / Last Home Run
First/Last home run means betting on which team will score the first / last home run.
If an Event is finished without any home run being scored then all wagers on First/Last home run will be void.
If an Event is abandoned after home run scored then all bets on First home run will stand while bets on Last home run will be void. If an Event is abandoned without any home run being scored then all wagers on First/Last home run will be void.
Total Team Runs
Total Team Runs is similar to Over/Under Wager. Win/loss is determined by the number of runs accumulated by a named team.
The game must go at least 9 full innings (or 8½ innings if the home team is ahead) for bets to have action.
1st Inning Winner (pre-match) and 1-9 inning money-line 3way (live)
Predict the winner at the end of the first inning. Bets can be made by either selecting a Home Win, a Draw or an Away Win.
1st Inning Run Line (pre-match) and 1-9 inning line-handicap (live)
Bet type to predict the winner at the end of the first inning which includes preset advantage.
1st inning O/U (pre-match) and 1-9 inning line-totals (live)
Predict the number of total runs accumulated by both teams at the end of the 1st inning.
1st inning O/E
Predict if the total runs accumulated by both teams will be odd or even.
Team with highest inning
Which team will score most runs in an inning. Push rules apply.
3/5/7 Innings Lines/Totals
Bets will be finalized after the first 3/5/7 innings of a game have been completed, unless the result has been determined at (or after) the middle of the 3/5/7 inning.
Exact Score First 3/5/7 Innings
Bets will be finalized after the first 3/5/7 innings of a game have been completed. If the full 3/5/7 innings are not completed, bets will be void.
Both Teams Score First 3/5/7 Innings
Bets will be finalized after the first 3/5/7 innings of a game have been completed, unless result has been determined.
3W Run Line and 3W Handicap
Predict the winner with preset game advantage. There are 3 possible outcomes that include the preset game advantage – Home win, Draw and Away Win.
3W Total
Predict if the total runs accumulated by both teams will be Over, Under or Exactly preset number.
Winning Margin
Predict which team and with how many runs exactly will win from given options.
Total Team O/E
Predict if the number of runs accumulated by the relevant team will be odd or even.
Double Result / HTFT
Predict the result of a match after the First 5 innings and at the end of the game (Extra Innings count). If a game is abandoned, bets will be void. If the result after the extra innings is draw, bets will be void.
To Qualify
Should a team be disqualified from the tournament prior to the match, and a bye is awarded, then all qualification/win the cup bets will be void for.
Outright
Bets settled on final league position include play offs.
MLB Regular Season Wins
Team(s) listed on wager must complete at least 98% of scheduled regular season games (using schedule from Opening Day) for bets to have action, unless remaining games during season would not affect the result. Play-in games do not count towards
the regular season win total.
MLB doubleheaders 2020
During the MLB 2020 season, all doubleheaders will be played as two seven-inning games. All listed rules apply with the following differences:
All markets settled according to the "8.5 innings rule" will be settled according to a "6.5 innings rule" - For bets to have action, the game must go at least 7 full innings (6.5 innings if the home team is ahead)
Last Revision: 11 September 2020 (Version: #9)
Basketball
Basketball
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action. An exception is made if incorrect start time is announced on our website.
If a game venue is changed, bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, then bets based on the original listing will be void.
All bets on a game include overtime unless otherwise stated.
In 2-way markets push rules apply unless otherwise stated below. Stakes on single bets are returned, and in multiples/parlays the selection is treated as a non-runner.
3-way Money Line & Double Chance markets bet settlement excludes Overtime.
48-minute games must go at least 43 minutes of play and 40-minute games must go at least 35 minutes of play in order for full-time bets to take actions.
If a game is suspended after the minimum time has been played and not resumed the same day, then regardless of whether the game is completed at a later date, the score when the game is halted will determine the betting results.
Champions League – If a match finishes in a tie and overtime isn’t played, Match betting and Normal Time Match betting (2-way) will be settled as a push. Should there be Overtime markets, they will be settled as ‘Yes’.
If a match does not finish in a tie, but overtime is played for qualification purposes, the markets will be settled according to the result at the end of regular time.
3x3, Streetball, Big3
For 3x3, Streetball and Big3 variations of this sport, settlement is based on official competition rules. When a match starts but is not completed, bets are void unless the specific market outcome is already determined.
Money Line
Predict which team will be the winner.
1st Half 3-Way Money Line
In a 3W Money Line, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets.1st Half 3 W Handicap, which is settled according to the result of 1st half only.
1st/2nd/3rd-Quarter 3 Way Money Line
In a 3W Money Line, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets.1st/2nd/3rd Quarter 3 W Handicap, which is settled according to the result of 1st/2nd/3rd Quarter only.
Spread
Predict which team will be the winner, applying the given spread to the score.
Over/Under
Predict if the points scored by both teams will be over or under a given number.
1st Half
All 1
st Half markets (Money Line, Spread, Over/Under, Total Team Points, Total Odd/Even and Total Team Odd/Even) will be settled according to the result of the first half only. If the game is abandoned before half time, all 1
st half bets will be void.
2nd Half
All 2nd Half markets (Money Line, Spread, Over/Under, Total Team Points, Total Odd/Even and Total Team Odd/Even) will be settled according to the result of the second half including overtime if played. If the game is abandoned bets will be void. An exception is made if there are 5 or less minutes of scheduled playing time remaining. In this case, bets will be settled according to the result at the time of abandonment.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th Quarter
All Quarter markets (Money Line, Spread, Over/Under, Total Team Points, Total Odd/Even and Total Team Odd/Even, Margin of Victory) will be settled according to the result of the relevant quarter. The 4
th quarter result includes overtime if played. Quarters must be finished in order for bets on them to be settled. If the game is abandoned during the scheduled playing time, bets on the running and following quarters will be void. Example:
If the game is abandoned in the 2nd Quarter, bets on the 1st Quarter will be settled, the rest (2nd/3rd/4th Quarter) will be void.
If the game is abandoned in the 4th Quarter (even if there are less than 5 min of scheduled playing time left), bets on it will be void. Bets on 1st/2nd/3rd Quarter will be settled.
If the game is abandoned in overtime, all Quarter bets will be settled. 4th Quarter bets will be settled according to the 4th quarter result, adding any points scored in overtime up to the time of abandonment.
1st Half 3 Way Money Line
In a 3W Handicap, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets.1 st Half 3 W Handicap, which is settled according to the result of 1st half only.
1st/2nd/3rd Quarter 3 Way Money Line
In a 3W Handicap, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets. 1st/2nd/3rd Quarter 3 W Handicap, which is settled according to the result of 1st/2nd/3rd Quarter only.
Alternative 1st Half
Predict which team will be the winner, applying the given alternative spread for the 1st Half.
Alternative 2nd Half
Predict which team will be the winner, applying the given alternative spread for the 2nd Half, including overtime if played.
Alternative 1st/2nd/3rd/4th Quarter
Predict which team will be the winner, applying the given alternative spread for the 1st/2nd/3rd Quarter.
Predict which team will be the winner, applying the given alternative spread for the 4th Quarter, including overtime if played.
1st/2nd/3rd Quarter Double Chance
Predict result of the 1st Quarter, covering two of the three possible outcomes
Predict result of the 3rd Quarter, covering two of the three possible outcomes, including overtime if played.
2nd/3rd/4th Quarter Total Team Points
Predict if a certain team will score more or less points in 2nd/3rd Quarter than a given number.
Predict if a certain team will score more or less points in 4th Quarter than a given number, including overtime if played.
2nd Half Odd/Even
Predict if the points scored by both teams in 2nd half will add up to an odd or an even number.
2nd Half Teams Odd/Even
Predict if the points scored by a certain team in 2nd half will add up to an odd or an even number, including overtime if played.
2nd/3rd/4th Quarter Odd/Even
Predict if the points scored by both teams in 2nd/3rd Quarter will add up to an odd or an even number.
Predict if the points scored by both teams in 4th Quarter will add up to an odd or an even number, including overtime if played.
2nd/3rd/4th Quarter Teams Odd/Even
Predict if the points scored by a certain team in 2nd/3rd Quarter will add up to an odd or an even number.
Predict if the points scored by a certain team in 4th Quarter will add up to an odd or an even number, including overtime if played.
Margin of Victory 2nd/3rd/4th Quarter (To Win By 3+)
Predict Margin of Victory for 2nd/3rd Quarter.
Predict Margin of Victory for 4th Quarter, including overtime if played.
Winning Margin 7way/12way (Any Team)
Predict the winning team and exactly by how many points this team will win by choosing from given options, including overtime if played.
Team Highest Scoring Quarter
Predict in which Quarter a certain team will score most points. This bet type includes overtime if played. Push rules apply. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Total Team Points
Predict if a certain team will score more or less points than a given number.
Total Odd/Even
Predict if the points scored by both teams will add up to an odd or an even number.
Total Team Odd/Even
Predict if the points scored by a certain team will add up to an odd or an even number.
Winning Margin/Margin of Victory
Predict the winning team and exactly by how many points this team will win by choosing from given options.
Over Time
Predict whether or not the match will go into overtime. If the game is abandoned bets will be void unless overtime has already started. If overtime is played, while the regulation time result was not tied, all bets will be void.
Halftime/Fulltime
Predict the result of the game at half time and at the end of the game, including overtime if played. If a game is abandoned or for some reason ends in a draw and no overtime is played, bets will be void.
Highest scoring Half/Quarter
Predict in which half/quarter most points will be scored. This bet type includes overtime if played. Push rules apply. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Race to 12/25/45 points
Predict which team will be the first to reach 12/25/45 points. If the game is abandoned before any team reaches the quoted number of points, bets will be void.
Winner / Outright
Bets will be settled according to the final league position including Play offs and according to the official site of the event.
NBA Regular Season Wins
All 82 games must be played for bets to have action. If 81 or less games are played – bets will be voided.
To Qualify
Should a team be disqualified from the tournament prior to the match, and a bye is awarded, then all qualification bets will be void.
Players
There are several markets available for any named players: points, rebounds, assists, steals, etc.
If the relevant player doesn’t get any playing time in the match, bets on him will be void. Any stats achieved in overtime (if played) will be taken into account for settlement purposes. Win/Loss is determined by a comparison between the stats achieved by the named player and a pre-given number of stats.
A settlement will be made according to the statistics provided by the official site of the Tournament in which the game is played.
Teasers
Teasers/Super Teasers/Monster Teasers allow adjustment of points spread and game totals on two or more teams.
A fixed number of points are bought on all selections in the teaser. The number of teams selected and the number of points selected determine the payout odds:
4-point Teasers:
Two teams = -110/1.9
Three teams = +170/2.7
Four teams = +290/3.9
Five teams = +450/5.5
Six teams = +650/7.5
4.5-point Teasers:
Two teams = -120/1.83
Three teams = +150/2.5
Four teams = +240/3.4
Five teams = +400/5
Six teams = +550/6.5
5-point Teasers:
Two teams = -130/1.76
Three teams = +130/2.3
Four teams = +190/2.9
Five teams = +350/4.5
Six teams = +450/5.5
8-point Teasers (Super)
Three teams = -120/1.83 (push loses)
10-point Teasers (Monster)
Four teams = -120/1.83 (push loses)
All selections must be successful in order for the bet to win.
If a selection in the teaser is a push, the teaser will drop to the next lower level, if a lower level is offered for that particular teaser.
A push in a two team teaser without a loss will be considered “no action” and the stake will be refunded.
When placing a bet on super/monster teaser, if there is a push result, the teaser will be lost.
Teaser bets will only be allowed on pre-match events and selected leagues, including:
1. Regular teasers for NBA, NCAAB or any other league in which teaser bets are allowed: 4, 4½ and 5 points
2. SUPER TEASERS: 3 teams teaser - buying 8 points, ties lose, odds -120/1.83
3. MONSTER TEASER: 4 teams teaser - buying 10 points, ties lose, odds-120/1.83
Last Revision: 5 March 2020
(Version: #8)
Bowls
Bowls
A match must be played within 48 hours of the original scheduled start time for bets to stand. If a match does not take place for any reason (e.g. a player withdraws injured) all pre-match bets will be void and stakes returned. In the event of a match starting but not being completed then the player progressing to the next round will be deemed the winner.
For the following markets bets are void if the statutory number of sets are not completed or are changed. In the event of a set starting but not being completed, the following markets will be void, unless the specific market outcome is already determined:
Match Handicap
Total Points (2-Way)
Total Sets
Total Points Odd/Even
Player Total Points (2-Way)
If no draw selection is offered and a match finishes in a tie then the result at end the of the tie-breaker will be used for settlement purposes. If no draw selection is offered and no tie-breaker takes place then all bets on the match betting market will be void.
Last Revision: 21 March 2019 (Version: #1)
Boxing
Boxing
If the fight does not take place as scheduled and is not played on the same date (local time) all bets are void. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
If the fight does not take place as scheduled and is not played on the same date (local time) all bets are void. Exceptions are: 1) if we advertise an incorrect start time and 2) if we set up a fight using an expected date before the exact date is known. Once an official announcement is made regarding the fight date the fight will be corrected to the official date and will then be subject to normal rules.
The bell sound is the sign for the beginning of the first round for betting purposes
When a fighter fails to answer the bell for the next round then his opponent will be deemed to have won in the previous round.
In declaration of a “No Contest” or “Technical Draw” all bets will be void and stakes will be refunded, with the exception of markets where the outcome has already been determined.
Winner
All bets will be valid regardless of changes to number of rounds to be fought.
Declaration of a draw - all bets will be void and stakes will be refunded. Tthis includes a fight which ends in a Majority Draw. Bets will be settled on the official result announced in the ring. Subsequent appeals/amendments do not affect settlement (unless the amendment was made due to human error when announcing the result).
Method of Victory
If for any reason the number of rounds in a fight is changed then bets already placed will be void and stakes returned.
Draw or Technical Draw - Draw is scorecard draw. Technical Draw is if the referee stops the fight before the start of the 5th round, for any reason other than Knockout, Technical Knockout or disqualification and results in all bets being void.
Knockout - Knockout is when the boxer does not stand up after a 10 count.
Technical Knockout is the 3 knockdown rule or if the referee steps in. Any corner retirement will be considered a technical knockout unless the fight is subsequently decided by the judges’ scorecards, or is a declared a No Contest.
Technical Decision - Decision is on scorecard points between the judges. Technical Decision is settled by the judges’ scorecards at any time other than at the end of the scheduled rounds. In the event of a Technical Decision before the end of the fight all markets that can be settled as Decision will be settled as Decision.
Total Rounds
If for any reason the number of rounds in a fight is changed then bets already placed will be void and stakes returned.
For settlement purposes where a half round is stated then 1 minute 30 seconds of the respective round will define the half to determine under or over. In the case of Women’s Boxing and 2 minute rounds over 1:00 will define the half of the round.
For example: Over 90 seconds into the 7th round of a boxing fight will equal Over 6.5 rounds
Knockdown Betting
For settlement purposes a knockdown is defined as a fighter being KO'd or receiving a mandatory 8 count (anything deemed a slip by the referee will not count).
Round or Group of Rounds Betting
If for any reason the number of rounds in a fight is changed then bets on round betting already placed will be void and stakes returned.
For betting purposes betting on rounds or groups of rounds is for a fighter to win by KO, TKO or disqualification during that round or group of rounds. In the event of a Technical Decision before the end of the fight all bets will be settled as a win by Decision.
What Round Will Fight End/When Will the Fight End
If for any reason the number of rounds in a fight is changed then bets already placed will be void and stakes returned.
For betting purposes ‘Fight To Go The Distance’ participant covers the bout being decided by Points, or ending in a Draw after the scheduled number of rounds.
In the event of a Technical Decision being declared, then settlement of both markets will be based on the final completed Round. This rule applies to Total Rounds as well.
Last Revision: 31 January 2020 (Version #2)
Chess
Chess
In the event of a match starting but not being completed all bets will be void, unless otherwise stated in the rules. An exception is made if we advertise incorrect starting time. All bets will be settled based on the official site of the Federation governing the tournament, unless otherwise stated in the rules.
Outright
Predict the winner of the tournament. Bets will be settled according to the final standings, including playoffs (if played), unless otherwise stated. All bets are considered valid, even if the player withdraws or doesn’t start the tournament at all. Dead-heat rules apply.
Moneyline
Predict the winner of the match according to the points collected by players based on played games. 1 point is awarded for a win, 0,5 points for a draw and 0 points for a loss. There are 3 possible outcomes:
1 – Designated home team player wins
X – Draw
2 - Designated away team player wins
Spread
Predict the winner (player who will collect most points) of the match/game, applying the given handicap (spread). If the statutory number of games/matches according to the official rules of the tournament is changed, all bets will be cancelled.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Cricket
Cricket
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action.
Abandoned or postponed matches are void unless rearranged and played on the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules. An exception is made if incorrect start time is announced on our website.
“Test Matches” and “Two/Three/Four Day Matches” are excluded from the rules stated above.
If a match venue is changed, then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, then bets based on the original listing will be void.
All wagers will be settled using the official result as declared by the relevant governing body of the match or competition concerned.
Push rules apply for all 2 way markets.
One Day / Twenty20
In matches affected by adverse weather bets will be governed by the official competition rules with the following exception: if a match is decided upon either a bowl out or the toss of a coin, then all bets will be void.
If a match is abandoned due to outside interference, then bets will be void unless a result is declared based on the official competition rules. In the event of a change of opponent from the one advertised then all bets for that match are void.
Where no specific price or state is quoted for the tie and the official competition rules determine a winner/progressing side, bets will be settled on the official result.
In competitions where a Bowl Out or Super Over determines a winner, then bets will be settled on the official result.
Test Matches / First-Class Matches
Bets will stand according to the official result provided in case at least one ball has been bowled. If a match is abandoned due to outside interference, all bets will be void.
1st 6 Over Runs
If the specified number of overs are not complete the bet will be void, unless the team is all out, declares, reaches their target or settlement of the bet has already been determined.
1st 12 Over Runs
If the specified number of overs are not complete the bet will be void, unless the team is all out, declares, reaches their target or settlement of the bet has already been determined.
Next Over Runs
Predict how many runs will be scored off the specified delivery. The result will be determined by the number of runs added to the team total, off the specified delivery. For settlement purposes, all illegal balls count as deliveries. For example, if an over starts with a wide, then the first delivery will be settled as 1 and, although there has not been a legal ball bowled, the next ball will be deemed as delivery 2 for that over. If a delivery leads to free hit or a free hit is to be re-bowled because of an illegal delivery, the runs scored off the additional delivery do not count. All runs, whether off the bat or not are included. For example, a wide with three extra runs taken equates to 4 runs in total off that delivery.
Runs Off Delivery
The specified over must be completed for bets to stand unless settlement has already been determined. If an innings ends during an over then that over will be deemed to be complete unless the innings is ended due to external factors, including bad weather, in which case all bets will be void, unless settlement has already been determined.
Batsman Total Runs
Over/Under runs bets will stand after batsman has faced one ball or is given out before first ball is faced. Score counts if batsman is Not-Out including if innings is declared.
Test Matches and First Class Matches
Subject to the above all bets will stand irrespective of delays caused by rain or for any other reason.
One Day Matches
Bets will be void if the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced by 5 overs or more than that scheduled when the bets were struck and while batsman was at the crease unless settlement of bets is already determined.
Twenty20 Matches
Bets will be void if the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced by 3 overs or more than that scheduled when the bets were struck and while batsman was at the crease unless settlement of bets is already determined.
5 Over Run Bands
If the selected number of overs is not complete due to external factors or adverse weather then bets will be void, unless settlement of the bet is already determined.
If the natural length of the innings is less than the selected number of overs (e.g. a team is all out in less than the selected overs or reaches their target) then bets will stand.
Top Batsman/Top Bowler
Only the first innings count. Bets on players not selected in the starting 11 or designated as substitutes, will be void. If a player is selected but does not bat or field, Bets on players who are selected but do not bat or field will be settled as losers. Dead Heat rules apply. If two players or more end on an equal number of wickets, then the bowler with the least number of runs conceded will be deemed the winner.
There is a minimum number of overs that should be played before the game is interrupted, or All Out. Otherwise all bets will be void:
One day International – 20 overs
All Domestic 40 Over Competitions – 10 overs
All Domestic 50 Over Competitions – 20 overs
All Twenty20 Cup – 6 overs
10 Over Matches – 6 overs
Test Cricket – A minimum of 50 overs must be bowled unless All Out. Otherwise, the bets are void.
Total Match Sixes
Predict whether the total number of sixes in the match will be over or under a specified figure.
If an intervention from rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced, from that scheduled when the bet was struck, open bets on total match sixes in a Twenty 20 match will be void, if the reduction is by 3 or more overs and void in other limited overs matches, if the reduction is by 5 or more overs.
Only Sixes scored from the bat (off any delivery – legal or not) will count towards the total Sixes. Overthrows and extras do not count.
Next Over Wicket? (Yes/No)
For settlement purposes, any wicket will count, including run outs. A batsman retiring hurt does not count as a wicket. If a batsman is timed out or retired out then the wicket is deemed to have taken place on the previous ball.
If Over is not completed, bets will be void, unless market is already determined
Next Over Odd/Even
Zero will be deemed to be an even number.
If Over is not completed, bets will be void.
Fall of Next Wicket
If the batting team reaches the end of their allotted overs, reaches their target or declares before the specified wicket falls, the result will be the total amassed. For settlement purposes, a batsman retiring hurt does not count as a wicket. In limited overs matches, bets will be void if it has not been possible to complete at least 80% of the scheduled overs in either innings due to external factors, unless settlement has already been determined, or goes on to be determined. Result will be considered determined if the line at which the bet was placed is passed, or the wicket in question falls. In drawn First Class matches, bets will be void if fewer than 200 overs have been bowled, unless settlement of the bet has already been determined.
Total Match Fours
Predict whether the total number of fours in the match will be over or under a specified figure.
If the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced from that scheduled when the bet was struck open bets on total match fours in a Twenty 20 match will be void if the reduction is by 3 or more overs and void in other limited overs matches if the reduction is by 5 or more overs.
In matches decided by a Super-Over, Fours hit during the Super-Over will not count for settlement purposes.
Only Fours scored from the bat (off any delivery - legal or not) will count towards the total Fours. Overthrows, all run Fours and extras do not count.
Total Match Wides
Predict whether the total number of wides will be over or under a specified figure.
If the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced from that scheduled, when the bet was struck all open bets on total match wides in a Twenty 20 match will be void if the reduction is by 3 or more overs and void in other limited overs matches if the reduction is by 5 or more overs.
Total Match Run Outs
Predict whether the total number of run outs will be over or under a specified figure.
If the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced from that scheduled, when the bet was struck all open bets on total match run outs in a Twenty 20 match will be void if the reduction is by 3 or more overs and void in other limited overs matches if the reduction is by 5 or more overs.
Man Of The Match
Bets are settled on the officially declared man of the match. Dead Heat rules apply.
To Win The Toss
Predict which team will win the coin toss at the beginning of the game.
Innings Runs
If Duckworth-Lewis method (D / L) is called into play and the runs for one of the teams are being reduced – market will be valid for settlement.
In One Day matches – bets will be void if the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced by 5 or more from the originally scheduled, unless the market is already determined.
Twenty20 matches - bets will be void if the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced by 3 or more from the
originally scheduled, unless the market is already determined.
Highest Individual Score
Minimum number of Overs must be played, otherwise all bets will be void:
Twenty20 matches – full 20 overs for each Team;
One Day matches – at least 40 overs for each Team;
Test & First-Class matches – whole match counts; if game is drawn there must be minimum of 200 overs bowled for settlement
Highest Opening Partnership
Predict which team will score more runs on their 1st Partnership. Bets stand once 1 ball has been bowled in each team’s 1
st innings.
Wickets Lost In "X" Runs
Settlement is determined by the number of wickets lost by the time a specific score is reached. If a team declares or reaches their target or the quoted score is otherwise not reached, then the wickets lost at that time will be the result of the market.
Test Matches and First-Class Matches – All bets will stand irrespective of delays caused by rain or for any other reason.
One-Day Matches – Bets will be void if the intervention of rain and any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced by 5 overs or more than that scheduled when the bets were struck unless settlement of bets is already determined.
Twenty20 Matches – Bets will be void if the intervention of rain or any other delay results in the number of overs being reduced by 3 overs or more than that scheduled when the bets were struck unless settlement of bets is already determined.
Most Match Sixes
Predict which team will score most Sixes in the game. If a match is abandoned before needed Overs for different types of Matches have been reached, all bets will be void. In Test and County Championship matches the whole match counts. In Test drawn games a minimum of 200 overs must be bowled, otherwise bets will be void. In Twenty20 matches the match must be scheduled for the full 20 overs and there must be an official result. In One Day matches where the number of overs has been reduced and the outcome has not been determined yet bets will be void. For settlement purposes this is all deliveries from which a batsman is credited with exactly six runs (including All-run/Overthrows). In matches decided by a Super Over, sixes hit during the Super Over will not count for settlement purposes.
Player To Score Most Sixes
Bets placed on any player not in the starting 11 will be void. The following minimum number of overs must be scheduled otherwise all bets are void, unless settlement is already determined. Bets on players who are selected but do not bat will be settled as losers if one or more six is scored. Dead-heat rules apply.
In matches decided by a Super-Over, sixes hit during the Super-Over will not count for settlement purposes. Bets will be void if no Sixes are scored.
Twenty20 Matches - The full 20 overs for each team.
One Day Matches - At least 40 overs for each team.
1
st Wicket Method
Predict the method by which the 1st Wicket in the game will be scored. If the game is abandoned before a wicket is scored or there is no wicket scored at all in the match, all bets will be void.
The options available are: Caught, Bowled, LBW, Run Out, Stumped and Any Other (includes Sent Off/Retired Out).
A Fifty/Hundred Score In Match
The following minimum number of overs must be scheduled, and there must be an official result (Duckworth - Lewis counts) otherwise all bets are void, unless settlement is already determined.
Twenty20 Matches - The full 20 overs for each team
One Day Matches - At least 40 overs for each team
Test and First Class Matches - The whole match counts. In drawn matches there must be a minimum of 200 overs bowled
Most Run Outs
Predict which team will create most run-outs whilst fielding. If a match is abandoned, all bets will be void. If a match is reduced in overs and a match result is reached, then the team which achieved most run-outs whilst fielding regardless of the number of overs bowled will be the winner. In matches determined by a Super Over any run out during the Super Over will not count for settlement purposes. In Test Matches and First-Class Matches all innings of the match will count.
1
st Over Total Runs
Predict the total runs scored during the 1st Over of the match. Extras and penalty runs will be included. If 1st Over is not completed, bets will be void.
1st Innings Score
Prices will be offered for the number of runs scored during the 1st innings of the match, regardless of which team bats first. The following minimum number of overs must be scheduled otherwise all bets are void, unless settlement is already determined.
Twenty20 Matches - The full 20 overs for each team.
One Day Matches - At least 40 overs for each team.
Test and First-Class Matches - Declarations will be considered the end of an innings for settlement purposes. In the event of the 1st innings being forfeited all bets will be void. In the event of an innings not being completed due to outside interference or inclement weather all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
1st Innings Lead
Both teams must complete their first innings for bets to stand (including declarations). Dead-heat rules apply.
Runs At Fall Of 1
st Wicket
Predict the number of runs in the game at which 1st Wicket will fall. If a match is abandoned before the fall of 1st Wicket, or there is no Wicket in the game, bets will be void unless bet is already determined.
Dismissal Method
Predict the method by which the first/next Batsman will be taken out. If there are no Wickets in the game or after the bet has been placed in Live Betting, all bets will be void.
Method of Dismissal 2-Way: The options available are: Caught and Not Caught. If no further wickets fall all bets will be void.
Method of Dismissal 6-Way: The options available are: Caught, Bowled, LBW, Run Out, Stumped or Any Other (includes Sent Off/Retired Out). If no further wickets fall all bets will be void.
Odd/Even
Predict if the sum of all runs scored in the relevant period (Match, Innings, Over) will be an odd or an even number. Extras and Penalty runs will be included for settlement purposes. If the relevant period is not finished, all bets on it will be void.
Total Runs In Match O/U
Predict if the number of runs in the relevant period (Innings, Over) will be over or under a given number. If the relevant period is not finished, all bets will be void.
The following minimum number of overs must be scheduled otherwise all bets are void, unless settlement is already determined:
Twenty20 Matches - The full 20 overs for each team.
One Day Matches - At least 40 overs for each team.
Test and First-Class Matches - The whole match counts. In drawn matches there must be a minimum of 200 overs bowled.
Race To 10 Runs
Predict which player will score first 10 Runs in the game. Bets stand if all the listed players start batting, otherwise all bets will be void. Bets stand no matter which of the players starts batting first. If neither of the listed players reaches 10 Runs, option Neither is the winner. If a game is abandoned before any of the listed players reaches 10 Runs, and if both players are Out, option Neither will be the winner. Otherwise, bets will be void.
Total Match Sixes
Predict if Sixes scored in the match will be over or under a given number. Push Rules apply. If a match is abandoned before needed Overs for different types of matches have been reached, all bets will be void. In Test and County Championship matches, the whole match counts. In drawn games a minimum of 200 overs must be bowled, otherwise bets will be void.
In Twenty20 matches the match must be scheduled for the full 20 overs and there must be an official result.
In One Day matches where the number of overs has been reduced and the outcome has not been determined yet bets will be void. For settlement purposes this is all deliveries from which a batsman is credited with exactly six runs (including All-run/Overthrows). In matches decided by a Super-Over, sixes hit during the Super-Over will not count for settlement purposes.
Team With Highest 1st 6/10/15 Overs Score
Predict which team will have the higher score after 1st 6/10/15 Overs. Push Rules apply. If either team do not complete number of overs stated, bets will be void unless bet is already determined. In the event of a tie, bets will be void.
Batsman Matches
Predict which Batsman will score more runs in the game. Push Rules apply. In Test and County Championship matches only the first innings counts for settlement purposes. Bets will stand if each Batsman has faced at least one ball.
Outright
Predict the winner of the league. Bets are settled on the final league position, unless otherwise stated.
To Win Pool
Predict the team which will finish top at their Pool. Dead Heat rules apply.
Finalists
Predict the two teams which will play in the Final of the Tournament.
Stage Of Elimination
Predict at which stage of the Tournament a certain team will be eliminated.
To Reach The Final
Predict if a certain team will reach the Final of the Tournament.
Fall of Next Wicket
Predict whether the next wicket will fall before or after a specified number of runs have been scored.
Bets are void if the wicket stated does not fall unless a winning market has already been established. If a player retires hurt all bets struck on that wicket are carried over onto the next partnership until a wicket falls.
Three/Four/Five Day Matches
A minimum of 50 overs must be bowled unless All Out or team declares. Otherwise bets void, unless settlement of bets is already determined. In the event of an innings being forfeited, all bets will be void.
Last Revision: 16 March 2020 (Version: #12)
Darts
Darts
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
Abandoned or postponed matches are void unless rearranged and played in the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules.
Pre-Live Markets:
Outright
Predict the winner of the tournament. In the event of a non-runner, all bets are void.
In-Play betting
Bets on any match market abandoned before the full completion of the statutory number of legs/sets will be void, unless the outcome is already determined.
Winner Full Time
Predict which player will win the match. In the event of a match starting but not being completed, the player progressing to the next round or being awarded the victory is deemed the winner for settlement purposes.
Bets are void in the two-way market if the match result is a tie.
Handicap Full Time
Predict which player will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied. In the event of the statutory number of sets/legs not being completed, changed, or differing from those offered for betting purposes then all bets are void. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Over/Under Full Time
The prediction of the total number of sets/legs completed in the match. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the quote has been exceeded.
Most 180s in Match
Predict which player will score the most 180s in the match. In the event of the statutory number of sets/legs not being completed, changed, or differing from those offered for betting purposes then all bets are void. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Over/Under Total 180s In Match
Predict the total number of 180s in the match. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the quote has been exceeded.
Over/Under First Leg Total Checkout
Predict the total checkout in the next leg. If the leg is not completed then all bets are void.
Total Player 180s
Predict the total number of 180s for each player. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the quote has been exceeded.
Handicap Alternative
Predict which player will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied. In the event of the statutory number of sets not being completed, changed, or differing from those offered for betting purposes then all bets are void. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Over/Under Alternative
The prediction of the total number of sets/legs completed in the match. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the quote has been exceeded.
Winner Highest Checkout
Predict which player will make the highest checkout in the match. In the event of the statutory number of sets/legs not being completed, changed, or differing from those offered for betting purposes then all bets are void. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Score Highest Checkout
Predict the highest checkout score in the match between both players. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Over/Under First set 180s
Predict the total amount of 180's in the first set. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the quote has been exceeded
First 180 In Match
Predict the player to score the first 180 in the match. All bets void if match is not completed, unless the outcome is already determined. If no 180 is scored bets will be void.
To Win 1st Set
Predict which player will win the first set. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the first set has already been determined.
First Set Total Legs
Predict the total number of legs in the first set. If set is not completed then all bets are void unless the quote has been exceeded.
First Set of Darts
Predict first set of Darts. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the first set has already been determined.
170 Finish In Match
Predict whether will be 170 Finish in the match. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
First Set Exact Score
Predict the exact score of the first set. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the first set has already been determined.
9 Dart Finish In Match
Predict whether will be 9 Dart Finish in the match. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
First Leg 180
Predict whether any player will score a 180 in the first leg. If leg is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
First Dart in Match
Predict type of first Dart in match. If match is not completed then all bets are void unless the first Dart has already been determined.
Live Markets:
Winner
Predict which player will win the match. In the event of a match not being completed, the player progressing to the next round or being awarded the victory is deemed the winner for settlement purposes. Bets are void in the two-way market if the match result is a tie.
Handicap
Predict which player will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied. In the event of the statutory number of sets/legs not being completed, changed, or differing from those offered for betting purposes then all bets are void. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Over/Under
The prediction of the total number of sets/legs completed in the match. If match is not completed then all bets are void, unless the quote has been exceeded.
O/U Total 180s
In Match Predict the total number of 180s in the match. If the match is not completed then all bets are void, unless the quote has been exceeded.
Total Player 180s
Predict the total number of 180s for each player. If the match is not completed then all bets are void, unless the quote has been exceeded.
Winner Next Leg
Predict which player will win the next leg. All bets void if match is not completed, unless the market has already been determined.
Over/Under Next Leg 180
Predict whether any player will score a 180 in the next leg. If the leg is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Over/Under Next Leg Total Checkout
Predict the total checkout in the next leg. If the leg is not completed then all bets are void.
Most 180s In Match
Predict which player will score the most 180s in the match. In the event of the statutory number of sets/legs not being completed, changed, or differing from those offered for betting purposes then all bets are void. All bets will be void if match is not completed.
Last Revision: 12 December 2019 (Version: #5)
E-sports
E-Sports
Settlement is made on the official result as declared by the relevant governing body of the specified competition.
If a match is not played or is postponed, bets on it will be void, unless it is played within 48 hours of the originally scheduled start time or new event will be opened for betting if necessary.
If a player/team plays with a misspelled nickname or with a smurf account, the result and the bets are still valid, unless it is clear that this is not the player/team that was supposed to play that match.
If a player/team is given a walkover for at least one game/map/round before the match starts, all bets will be void.
In a match in which one team has an advantage of one or more maps, (due, for example, to coming from the winner bracket final), "map 1" refers to the first map played, "map 2" refers to the second map played and so on.
Winner Full Time
Predict which player/team will win the match (map/round if specified in the title). If a match, game or map begins, but it is not completed, all bets will be void. An exception is made when player gets disqualified, in which case player/team awarded the victory according to an official source for the competition will be settled as a winner. If scheduled number of rounds/maps is changed, bets on Winner are still considered valid.
Spread & Over/Under Full Time
Spread is a way of making odds more competitive by giving the outsider an advantage.
Spread markets are determined based on the league in which they are played. In Starcraft and Dota these are maps, in Counter Strike these are rounds, etc. The settlement is based on the final score (maps/rounds won by each team) with the given handicap (spread) being added.
Over/Under, or total betting, is a prediction whether over or under stated number of games/maps/rounds will be needed to decide the winner.
If the match is not completed for any reason or scheduled number of maps/rounds is changed after this market has been offered, bets on Spread and Over/Under will be void.
Live
If a match is replayed due to a draw or a disconnection, all bets will be void. The replayed match will be considered as a separate live event.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Football
Football
All match markets are based on the result at the end of the regular time. This includes any added injury or stoppage time but does not include extra time, time allocated for a penalty shootout or a golden goal.
Video Assistance Referee (VAR) will be taken into account. Decisions made after a significant event occurs may result in confirmed bets being voided. Bets voided will be from the time of the significant event until the time the final VAR decision
was officially announced.
An exception is made when this rule relates to friendly matches. In such cases, all match markets are settled based on the actual result at the end of the game (excluding any extra time), irrespective of whether the full 90 minutes is played.
This rule applies only to matches with regular playing time of two 45-minute halves.
Some Soccer matches may have different playing schedules. In that case the following will apply:
90 minutes scheduled play (3 x 30 minutes). Full-time bets are still considered valid. Half-time bets are considered void.
80 minutes scheduled play (2 x 40 minutes). All bets are still considered valid.
If the playing schedule is different from the above stated, all bets are void.
Should any match be played prior to the date or kick-off time denoted then bets will stand provided the wager is placed not later than the revised kick-off time.
All bets on a match abandoned before the completion of the regular time will be void unless the match is rearranged and played on the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules, except for bets on any markets that have been unconditionally
determined.
If the game does not take place as scheduled and is not played on the same date (local time) all bets are void. An exception is made if incorrect kick-off time is announced on our website.
If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed then bets based on the original listing will be void.
Bets will stand if we list a team name without specifying the term 'XI' in the name.
In the absence of an official source, or when significant conflicting evidence is present, bets will be settled based on our own statistics.
Fast Markets
Fast Markets allow you to bet on whether you think a specific event will happen within the next 1 or 5 minutes of a live football match.
You can choose to bet on goals, corners, bookings, penalties, throw-ins, free kicks and goal kicks to happen during the game's next 1 minute or 5 minutes:
Event
Description
Goal
The time at which a goal is scored
Corner
The time at which a corner is awarded
Booking
The time at which a yellow or red card is shown to a participating player
Penalty
The time at which a penalty is awarded
Throw-In
The time at which a throw-in is awarded
Free Kick
The time at which a free kick is awarded
Goal Kick
The time at which a goal kick is awarded
1 minute refers to 00:00 – 00:59 seconds of the relevant 1 minute period.
5 minutes refers to 00:00 – 04:59 seconds of the relevant 5 minute period.
Injury time is not included.
Extra Time
All bets are settled on the official statistics for the extra time period only. Any goals, corners, etc. that were taken or scored during the regulation time do not count. Extra time does not include a Penalty shootout. If the match does not
go to Extra Time [ET] all bets are void.
Marketing offering:
3W Money Line
1st Half 3W Money Line
Draw No Bet
To Win To Nil
3W Handicap
Total Goals
Number of Team Goals
Total Team Goals
Teams Odd/Even
Both Teams To Score
1X2 Rest of The Match
Teams Clean Sheet
Goal Crazy
Corners
Corners 1st Half
Double Chance
Exact Score
Odd/Even
1st Team To Score
Last To Score
2nd - 10th Goal (Next Goal)
Penalty Shootout
Markets offering:
Penalties HC & OU - all of the penalty kicks taken during shootout
To Win Penalties
Total Penalties Taken - all of the penalty kicks taken during shootout
Total Team Penalties Converted - only converted penalties count for settlement
Penalties Sudden Death - select if the shootout will exceed the first 10 penalties
Penalties Exact Score
Team GK X Penalty Save - Predict if the GK will make a save. If there is no save, all bets will be void
Team X Penalty Props - Predict specific method of penalty to be Scored/Missed. If the penalty is Scored/Missed in another way than the listed selections, bets will be settled as losers
Team To Take 1st Penalty
Team To Take Last Penalty
Team To Miss 1st Penalty
Last Penalty Score/Miss
First - Twentieth Penalty - choose per each Team if First, Second, Third... Penalty taken will be either scored or missed
1X2/HC/OU for 5/10/15 Minutes Markets
Predict the score within defined periods of 5, 10 or 15 minutes of live soccer games.
You can place bets on either 1X2 FT Money Line, Handicap or Over/Under.
Next minute markets
Each market refers to a specific 1 or 5 minute period in the match. It is split into minutes and seconds and it is displayed as part of the market title. 00:59 seconds counts as the first minute, 01:59 counts as the second minute, and so on.
Injury time does not count. For example:
The 5 minute period 40:00-44:59 refers to the first half only and does not include first half injury time.
The 5 minute period 45:00-49:59 refers to the start of the second half only and does not include first half injury time.
The 5 minute period 85:00-89:59 refers to the second half only and does not include second half injury time.
Settlement will be made based on:
1. The official website of the competition
2. The data transmitted by our data providers
3. The data from the TV broadcaster covering the match
If a match is abandoned during any of these minute markets, all bets placed will be void if the time of the bet period was not completed. Bets in which the time of the bet period was completed will be settled and not declared void.
If a specified minute period is not completed, all bets will be void unless a winning market has already been established prior to the stoppage in play. All disallowed or cancelled goals, corner kicks, cards, penalties, free kicks, goal kicks
and throw-ins will not count.
Goal will be settled on the time the goal is scored.
Corner is considered to have happened when it is AWARDED (not when it is taken).
Cards - both yellow and red cards count. Only cards shown to players on the playing field count. Cards shown to non-players (managers, coaching staff, etc.) or substitutes on bench do not count. A card is considered to have happened when
it is shown.
Penalty is considered to have happened when it is AWARDED (not when it is taken).
Free kick is considered to have happened when it is AWARDED (not when it is taken).
Goal kick is considered to have happened when it is AWARDED (not when it is taken).
Throw in is considered to have happened when it is AWARDED (not when it is taken).
1X2 FT
Bets can be placed by either selecting a Home Win, a Draw or an Away Win. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
1 - Home Win
X - Draw
2 - Away Win
Asians
The Asian Line is a special type of handicap used for Soccer matches. Depending on the strength of each team, a handicap is issued for the game. This enables the odds for each side to be more similar, allowing more competitive betting opportunities.
All bets on the Asian Handicap in live betting (including 1
st/2
nd half bets) are settled according to the score line. Any goals prior to the bet being placed are ignored for settlement purposes. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Asian Handicap
What it means
0
You win if your team wins the match. If there's a draw (0 goals difference), your stake is refunded.
0.25
You win if your team wins the match. If there's a draw, your bet is split in half: one half is considered a win, the other half is considered a draw and its stakes are refunded.
0.5
You win if your team draws or wins the match.
0.75
You win if your team wins or draws the match. If it loses with a one goal difference, you lose half of the stake.
1
You win if your team wins or draws the match. If it loses with a goal difference of one, your stake is refunded.
-0.25
You win if your team wins the match. If it draws you lose half of the stake.
-0.5
You win if your team wins the match.
-0.75
You win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of two or more. If it wins with one goal your bet is split in half: one half is considered a win, the other half is considered a draw and its stakes are refunded.
-1
You win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of two or more. If it wins with a goal difference of one, your stake is refunded.
Live betting example:
Juventus vs Man United - Live score 1:0
Team
Asian Handicap
Odds
Juventus
-0.75
1.80
Manchester
+0.75
2.15
Final score 3:0
If you bet on Juventus €100, your net win is €80
Final score 2:0, 3:1
If you bet on Juventus €100, your net win €40
Final score 1:0, 1:1, 1:2, 1:3,2:1, 2:2, 3:2, 3:3
If you bet on Man. United €100, your net win is €115
Over/Under
Predict the total goals scored in a match. Goals are considered regardless of whether they are scored before or after the bets are placed (unlike Asians, where the result before the bet has been placed is ignored). If a game is abandoned,
bets will be void unless settlement is already unconditionally determined.
Over/Under
What it means
Under 2
Bets win if there is either 0 or 1 goal scored in the match. If there are two goals exactly, the stake is returned. Bets lose if there are three or more goals scored in the match.
Under 2.25
Bets win if there is either 0 or 1 goal scored in the match. If there are two goals exactly, half the stake will win and half will be returned. Bets lose if there are three or more goals scored in the match.
Under 2.5
Bets win if there are 0, 1 or 2 goals scored in the match. Bets lose if there are three or more goals scored in the match.
Under 2.75
Bets win if there are 0, 1 or 2 goals scored in the match. If there are three goals exactly, half the stake will be returned and half will be lost. Bets lose if there are four or more goals scored in the match.
Over 2
Bets win if there are three or more goals scored in the match. If there are two goals exactly, the stake is returned. Bets lose if there is 0 or 1 goal scored in the match.
Over 2.25
Bets win if there are three or more goals scored in the match. If there are two goals exactly, half the stake will be returned and half will be lost. Bets lose if there is 0 or 1 goal scored in the match.
Over 2.5
Bets win if there are three or more goals scored in the match. Bets lose if there are 0, 1 or 2 goals scored in the match.
Over 2.75
Bets win if there are four or more goals scored in the match. If there are three goals exactly, half the stake will win and half will be returned. Bets lose if there are 0, 1 or 2 goals scored in the match.
Total Goals/Total Goals 1
st Half
Predict the total goals scored in the match/1
st half by both teams. If an event is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless the outcome of the placed bet has already been determined.
Over 2.5 - The bet will be a winner if there are 3 or more goals in the match/ 1
st half
Under 2.5 - The bet will be a winner if there are 2 goals or less in the match/ 1
st half
Total Team Goals/1
st Half Total Team Goals
Predict the total goals scored by a certain team in the match/1
st half. Own goals count to the team credited with the goal. If an event is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless the outcome of the placed bet has already been determined.
For example:
Over 2.5 - The bet will be a winner if the team scores 3 or more goals in the match/ 1
st half
Under 2.5 - The bet will be a winner if the team scores 2 goals or less in the match/ 1
st half
1
st Half: 1X2, Asians and Over/Under
Bets are settled on the first half result only. If a match is abandoned before half time, the bet is void, unless the markets were unconditionally determined. If a match is abandoned during the second half then all first half bets are still
valid.
2
nd Half: 1X2, Asians and Over/Under
Bets are settled on the second half result only. If a match is abandoned then all bets are void, unless the markets were unconditionally determined.
1X2 Up to 30
th Min, Asians and Over/Under Up to 30
th Min
All bets will be settled based on the score by the end of the 30-th min (29:59). If a match is abandoned before the 30
th min, bets will be void, except O/U bets which have already been determined. If a match is abandoned after the 30
th min, all bets will stand.
1X2 Up to 70
th Min, Asians and Over/Under Up to 70
th Min
All bets will be settled based on the score by the end of the 70-th min (69:59). If a match is abandoned before the 70
th min, bets will be void, except O/U bets which have already been determined. If a match is abandoned after the 70
th min, all bets will stand.
Draw No Bet
Predict which team will be the winner. In case of a draw, all bets will be void. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Double Chance
A Double Chance market allows you to cover two of the three possible outcomes in a game with one bet. There is also Double Chance 1
st Half market, which is settled according to the result of the 1
st half only.
The following options are available:
1 or X - if the result is either a home win or a draw then bets on this option are winners.
X or 2 - if the result is either a draw or an away win then bets on this option are winners.
1 or 2 - if the result is either a home win or an away win then bets on this option are winners.
Exact Score
Predict the exact score of the match by choosing from given results. There is another variation of this market available: Exact score 1
st Half – you have to predict the score of the 1
st Half.
Multi-Bet Exact Score
Predict the final score of the game by choosing from given options. Every option includes several results. You win if the final score is the same as any of the results featured in the option you have bet on.
Otherwise you lose. For example:
You have bet on line: 1:0, 2:0, 3:0.
If the final score is either 1:0 or 2:0 or 3:0, you will win. If any other result occurs, your bet will be lost.
Multi Goals FT/1-st Half/2-nd Half/Teams
Predict whether or not a specific range of goals will be scored inside the full 90 minutes of each soccer game.
Selections are predefined goal ranges and “Other than” selections refer to any different goal range.
Example: if you place a bet on the "1-4 Goals" selection and the game ends in a 0-0 draw or with 5 or more goals scored, your bet will be lost. A winning bet in this market will be one placed on the "Other than 1-4" selection.
Multi Goals Premier
Predict whether or not a specific range of goals will be scored inside the full 90 minutes of the game. If a game is abandoned bets will be void, unless the market has already.
Halftime/Fulltime Premier
Predict the result of a match at halftime and at the end of regular time. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Example: If you chose 12/X, you bet on the home team or away team to lead in the first half and the match to end in a draw. Extra time and penalty shootouts do not count.
Halftime/Fulltime
Predict the result of a match at halftime and at the end of regular time. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Example: If you chose 1/X, you bet on the home team to lead in the first half and the match to end in a draw. Extra time and penalty shootouts do not count.
Both Teams to Score
This bet is on whether both teams will score at least one goal in the game. Own goals count towards the team credited with the goal. If a game is abandoned, bets are void, unless the outcome of these bets is already determined.
"Yes” – means that both teams will score.
“No” – means that one or both teams will not score.
Both To Score No Draw
"Yes" selection wins if:
Both Teams score and the event finishes with a winner (example: 2-1).
"No" selections wins if:
Either only one Team scores or Both Teams score but the event finishes in a draw (example: 1-0 / 1-1 / 2-2...).
Both Teams To Score In Both Halves
"Yes" selection wins if:
Both Teams score in both halves.
"No" selections wins if:
If both teams score but not in both halves or if neither team scores at all.
Team To Score First & Win / Draw / Lose
Winning selection is the one that fully accomplishes the combination of which team will score first and either win, draw or lose afterwards.
3 Way Handicap
In a 3W Handicap, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets. Bets are settled according to the final result. There is another option of this market: 1
st Half 3 W Handicap, which is settled according to the result of 1
st half only.
For example:
Handicap (-2) - You will win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of three or more.
Tie (-2) - You will win if the team with (-2) Handicap wins the match with exactly 2 goals difference.
Handicap (+2) - You will win if your team wins/draws or loses by 1 goal.
First to Score/Last to Score/2
nd Goal/3
rd Goal/4
th Goal….
Predict which team will score the first/2
nd/3
rd/4
th/…./last goal in the match. Own goals count towards the team credited with the goal. If a game is abandoned all bets will be void, unless the outcome of a bet is already determined.
Winning Margin
Predict the team to win the match and the victory margin. For example in a match Team A vs Team B:
Bet on Team A to win by 2 or more goals wins if the result is 2:0, 3:0, 3:1, 4:0, 4:1, 4:2, etc.
Bet on Team A to win by 1 goal wins if the result is 1:0, 2:1, 3:2, etc.
Bet on Score Draw wins in case of any draw results with the exception of 0:0, i.e. 1:1, 2:2, 3:3, etc.
Bet on No score draw wins only if the result is 0:0.
Bet on Team B to win by 2 or more goals wins if the result is 0:2, 0:3, 1:3, 0:4, 1:4, 2:4, etc.
Bet on Team B to win by 1 goal wins if the result is 0:1, 1:2, 2:3, etc.
Odd/Even
Predict if accumulated goals by both teams will add up to an odd or even number. When no goals are scored, it is considered as
Even for settlement purposes. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void, unless an outcome is already determined. There are several variations of this market:
Odd/Even – bets on it are settled according to Full time score
1
st Half Odd/Even – bets on it are settled according to the 1
st half result only
2
nd Half Odd/Even – bets on it are settled according to the 2
nd half result only
Teams Odd/Even
Predict if accumulated goals by a certain team will add up to an odd or even number. If this team has 0 goals, it is considered as
Even for settlement purposes. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void, unless an outcome is already determined. There are several variations of this market:
Teams Odd/Even - bets are settled according to the goals scored by the named team for the Full time
1
st Half Teams Odd/Even – bets are settled according to the goals scored by the named team for the 1
st half
2
nd Half Teams Odd/Even - bets are settled according to the goals scored by the named team for the 2
nd half
Goalscorer
Predict if a player will score first/last/anytime goal in the match. Own goals are ignored for settlement purposes. If an own goal is scored, the previous or the next goal (if there are any) will be taken into consideration. If only own goals
are scored in the match, it will be considered as No Goalscorer result for settlement purposes.
For Live Bettingown goals will not count for first or subsequent goal scorers. If any goal is officially awarded as an own goal, the result of the following goal scorer market will count for the settlement of the original one - e.g. first
goal of the game is an own goal. The scorer of the second goal will be settled as the winner for both the first and second goal scorer. In the event of the first goal scorer being an own goal and that being the only goal of the game, both
the first and second goal scorers will be settled as no goal scorer.
Bets on players not taking part in the match will be void. For First Goalscorer, bets on players coming on as substitutes after the first goal has already been scored will also be declared void.
If a match is abandoned after the first goal has already been scored, all winning bets on First Goalscorer and on Anytime Goalscorer (bets on players who have already scored) will stand, all other bets on Goalscorer market will be void.
If a match is abandoned before a first goal is scored, all bets will be void.
Goalscorer Premier
Betting options available on this market are:
First or Last Goalscorer – Predict if a certain player will score either first or last goal in the match
2 or more – Predict if a certain player will score 2 or more goals in the match
3 or more - Predict if a certain player will score 3 or more goals in the match
Own goals are ignored for settlement purposes. If an own goal is scored, the previous or the next goal (if there are any) will be taken into consideration. Bets on players not taking part in the match will be void.
If a match is abandoned, bets on this market will be void with the exception of any bets that have an already determined outcome.
Team Goalscorer
Predict which player of a certain team will score the most goals in a League/Tournament.
Goals scored both in regular and extra time count. Penalty shootout goals do not count. In case two or more players score the same amount of goals, dead-heat rules apply. If there aren’t any goals scored by the named team, all bets will be
void.
Top Goalscorer
Players who are nominated to play for their teams are considered VALID bets regardless of whether they are sidelined or injured during the tournament. In case a player is transferred to a different club within the same league, goals scored
prior to the move will be counted. If a player is transferred to a club in another league, goals scored prior to the transfer cannot be brought over to his/her new league. All bets will stand in case of any of the above-mentioned scenario,
unless otherwise stated:
Own goals will be ignored.
Only League goals scored are counted.
Goals scored in playoff matches are not counted.
If two or more players score the same amount of goals, dead-heat rules apply.
Teams to score in 1
st Half/2
nd Half/Both halves
Predict if a team will score at least one goal in 1
st Half/2
nd Half/Both halves. Own goals count to the team credited with the goal for settlement purposes.
If an event is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless the outcome of the placed bet has already been determined.
Teams Clean Sheet
Clean sheet means that a team will finish the game without conceding a goal. Own goals are valid for settlement purposes. If a game is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless settlement is already unconditionally determined.
For example:
Team Clean sheet team A “Yes” – in order for the bet to be settled as a winner team A should not concede any goal (including an own goal) in the game. If it does, the bet is lost.
Team Clean sheet Team A “No” – in order for the bet to be settled as a winner team A should concede a goal (an own goal counts as well) in the game. If it doesn’t, the bet is lost.
Head 2 Head
If one or more contestants fail to start the tournament, all bets are considered void. If both teams reach the same stage, the bets will be void.
Total Goals Min
Total Goals Min is the sum of the minutes of all goals scored in the regular time of the game. Goal times are recorded as the full minute according to the official source. Any goal scored in the added time of the 1
st half will be recorded as the 45
th minute. Any goal scored in the added time of the 2
nd half will be recorded as the 90
th minute. As soon as a game kicks off it will be deemed to be in the first minute. So for example a goal scored after 24 minutes and 16 seconds will be settled as scored in the 25
th minute.
Win/Loss is determined by comparing Total Goals Min with preset number. If a game is abandoned, bets on this market will be void.
OU & Goal Crazy/Goal Crazy/1
st Half Goal Crazy
Bets are settled on the total number of goals scored by both teams in the match - Goal Crazy, or for the 1
st half - 1
st Half Goal Crazy. If an event is abandoned during the 1
st half, all bets on this market will be void. If an event is abandoned after the 1
st half is completed, bets on 1
st Half Goal Crazy will stand and bets on Goal Crazy will be void. Example:
If you pick 2-3, you win if 2 or 3 goals are scored in the match/1
st half. Otherwise your bet is lost.
If you pick 3+, you win if 3 or more goals are scored in the match/1
st half. Otherwise your bet is lost.
Half With Most Goals
Predict in which half most goals will be scored. If match is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless the market is already determined.
Number of Goals/Number of Goals 1
st Half
Predict the exact number of goals scored in the match/1
st half by both teams. If an event is abandoned during the 1
st half, all bets on this market will be void. If an event is abandoned after the 1
st half is completed, bets on Number of Goals 1
st Half will stand and bets on Number of Goals will be void.
Number of Team Goals/Number of Team Goals 1
st Half
Predict the exact number of goals scored by a named team in the match/1
st half. Own goals count to the team credited with the goal. If an event is abandoned after the 1
st half is completed, bets on Number of Team goals 1
st Half will stand and bets on Number of Team Goals will be void.
First Half/Second Half
Predict the result of first and second half separately. If a match is abandoned, bets will be void.
Example: To win a bet on '1/X’, the home team must win the first half and the result of the second half should be a draw. Extra time and a penalty shootout do not count.
1X2 Rest Of The Match
All bets are determined without taking into consideration the current result at the time the bet is being placed – as if the game was starting again from 0:0 score after the bet had been placed. If a match is abandoned, all bets are void.
Example: Current result is 1-0 and final result is 1-1. The result for the bet settlement is 0-1:
1 - Bets on Home Team are lost
X - Bets on Draw are lost
2 - Bets on Away Team are winners.
Penalty
Penalty is similar to Over/Under Wager. Win/loss is determined by the number of penalties accumulated by both teams. If a match is abandoned, bets will be void, unless the outcome of a bet is already determined.
If a penalty is awarded, but not taken (referee changes his decision, the game is abandoned before the penalty is taken), this penalty will be ignored for settlement purposes.
Win to Nil
Predict if a certain team will win the game, without conceding a goal.
Win Either Half
Predict if a certain team will win at least one half of the game – no matter 1
st or 2
nd half.
Own Goal
Predict if there will be an own goal scored in the match.
Win From Behind
Predict if a certain team will be down by one or more goals during any time of the match, but will eventually win the match.
Score/Miss a Penalty
Predict if a certain team will score or miss a penalty during the game. Penalties that were cancelled by the referee will be ignored. When no penalty is taken, bets will be settled as losers.
Added Time in 1
st Half/2
nd Half
Added Time is similar to Over/Under wagers. Win/loss is determined by the Added Time officially announced by the referee, not by the actual time played. If a game is abandoned in the 1
st half, all bets will be void.
If a game is abandoned in the 2
nd half, Added Time in 1
st Half bets will be settled, Added Time in 2
nd Half bets will be void.
For example: If the referee shows 1 min added time and 2 min are played, bets will be settled as 1 min added time.
1
st Goal Period
Predict when the 1
st goal of the game will be scored by choosing from given time periods. Own goals will count for settlement purposes.
Betting periods at the end of either half include any injury/stoppage time added on by the match official at the end of normal time. Extra time does not count.
If a match is abandoned after the first goal is scored all bets will stand. If a match is abandoned before the first goal is scored, or a game finishes without any goals being scored, all bets will be void. As soon as a game kicks off it will
be deemed to be in the first minute. So for example a goal scored after 24 minutes and 16 seconds will be settled as scored in the 25
th minute.
Goal up to 30
th Min
Predict if there will be a goal scored before the 30
th Min (29:59) of the game. If a game is abandoned before the 30
th Min, bets will be void, unless a goal has already been scored in the game.
Goal Scored 1-15Min, 16-30Min, 31-Half Time, Starting 2
nd Half-60Min, 61-75Min, 76-Full Time
Bet on whether a goal will be scored in the named periods. If the match is abandoned, bets on the periods before the time of abandonment still stand, while all bets on periods after that time will be cancelled. Bets on the period which includes
the minute the game was stopped, will be settled in case there is a goal already scored in the named period. Otherwise bets will be void.
Example: If the match is abandoned in the 38
nd minute:
Bets on minutes: 1 to 15 and 16 to 30 will be settled.
Bets on minutes: start of second half-60, 61-75, 76-Full Time will be void.
Bets on minutes: 31-Half Time will be settled if there was a goal scored between 31
st and 38
th min
Bets on minutes: 31-Half Time will be void if there was no goal scored between 31
st and 38
th min
Both Teams To Score & Over 2.5
Yes = both teams to score a goal AND there are at least 3 goals scored in total in the game.
No = both teams do not score a goal OR both teams do score a goal but there are less than 3 goals scored in total in the game.
If a match is abandoned, bets will be void, unless the outcome of a bet is already determined.
Match Winner & Both Teams to Score
Predict the winner of the game and if both teams will score/not score from the given options. If a match is abandoned, all bets will be void.
Scorecast
This is a prediction on both First to Score and Exact Score of the match. Both should be correct for a bet to win. Own goals are not counted for first to score: next goal scored which is not an own goal will be counted for settlement purposes.
If there are only own goals in the match, bet will be settled with Exact Score market odds at kick-off time. If game ends with 0:0 score, all bets will be void.
If player comes on the field after first goal is scored, or did not take part in the game at all, bets including him as first to score will be settled with Exact Score market odds at kick-off time.
If a match is abandoned after first goal is scored, bets will be settled with First to Score odds of Goalscorer bet type at kick-off time.
1
st Half Scorecast
This is a prediction on both First to Score and Exact Score in the 1st half of the match. Both should be correct for a bet to win. Own goals are not counted for first to score: next goal scored which is not an own goal will be counted for
settlement purposes.
If there are only own goals in the 1st half, bet will be settled with 1st Half Exact Score market odds at kick-off time. If 1st Half ends with 0:0 score, all bets will be void.
If player comes on the field after first goal is scored, or did not take part in the 1st Half at all, bets including him as first to score will be settled with 1st Half Exact Score market odds at kick-off time.
If a match is abandoned during the 1st Half, all bets will be void.
Anytime Scorecast
This is a prediction on both Anytime Goalscorer and Exact Score of the match. Both should be correct for a bet to win. Own goals are not counted for Anytime Goalscorer for settlement purposes.
If there are only own goals in the match, bet will be settled with Exact score market odds at kick-off time. If game ends with 0:0 score, all bets will be void.
If player did not take part in the game at all, bets including him as Anytime Goalscorer will be settled with Exact Score market odds at kick-off time.
If a match is abandoned after a goal or goals are scored, bets including players who have already scored will be settled with Anytime Goalscorer odds of Goalscorer bet type at kick-off time. All other bets will be void.
Wincast
This is a prediction on both First to Score and Final Result (home win, away win or draw) of the match. Both should be correct for a bet to win. Own goals are not counted for First to Score: next goal scored which is not an own goal will be
counted for settlement purposes.
If there are only own goals in the match, bet will be settled with 1X2 market odds at kick-off time.
If player comes on the field after first goal is scored, or did not take part in the game at all, bets including him as First to Score will be settled with 1X2 market odds at kick-off time.
If a match is abandoned after first goal is scored, bets will be settled with First to Score odds of Goalscorer bet type at kick-off time.
Half-Time/Full-Time & Over/Under 2.5
Predict the match result at half-time and full-time, and whether at least 3 goals will be scored in the match. Example: In order for the bet ‘1/X and Over 2.5’ to be successful, the home team must win the first half, then the final result
should be a draw and 3 or more goals should be scored during the match. Extra time and penalty shootouts do not count.
Match Winner & O/U 2.5/3.5
Predict the winner of the match and if there will be over or under 2.5/3.5 goals scored in the match from the given options.
If a game is abandoned, all bets will be void.
Match Winner & O/U 1.5 1
st Half
Predict the winner of the match and if there will be over or under 1.5 goals scored in the 1
st half from the given options.
If a game is abandoned, all bets will be void.
1X2 Corners Full Time/1
st Half/2
nd Half
Predict which team will take more corners. Available options are:
1 – Home team to take more corners
X – Both teams to take an equal number of corners
2 – Away team to take more corners
Corners 1X2 Full Time is settled according to the corners taken during the whole match.
Corners 1X2 1
st Half is settled according to the corners taken in the first half only.
Corners 1X2 2
nd Half is settled according to the corners taken in the second half only.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Asians Handicap & Over/Under Corners FT/1
st Half/2
nd Half
This market is similar to Handicap and Over/Under wager. Win/Loss for Handicap part is determined by comparing the corners taken by each team, applying the given Handicap. Win/Loss for Over/Under part is determined by the corners taken by
both teams. Push rules apply.
Asians & Over/Under Corners FT will be settled according to the corners taken during the whole match.
Asians & Over/Under Corners 1
st Half will be settled according to the corners taken in the first half only.
Asians & Over/Under Corners 2
nd Half will be settled according to the corners taken in the second half only.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Total Team Corners
Total team corners are similar to Over/Under wager. Win/Loss is determined by the number of corners taken by the chosen team. Push rules apply. Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for
the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Total Corners 2-Way
Predict if the total corners taken in the match (by both teams) will be over or under a given number. Push rules apply.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Total Corners Odd/Even
Predict if the total corners taken in the match (by both teams) will add up to an odd or even number. Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match)
will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Corners 3-Way HC
In 3 way HC betting, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets. Bets are settled by comparing the corners taken by each team, applying preset handicap.
For example:
Handicap (-1) - You win if your team takes two or more corners more than the opponent.
Tie (-1) - You win if the team with (-1) Handicap takes exactly one corner more than its opponent.
Handicap (+1) - You win if your team takes a bigger or an equal number of corners than its opponent.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Corners 3-Way OU
Predict if corners taken by both teams during the match will be over, under or exactly a given number.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Corners Over/Under, Corners 1
st Half Over/Under, Corners 2
nd Half Over/Under
Predict if the total corners taken in the match (by both teams) will be over or under a given number. Push rules apply.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
First/Last Corner
Predict which team will take the first/last corner in the game.
Awarded, but not taken corners (there is a corner, but before it is taken the referee signals for the end of the first half or the match) will not count for settlement purposes. Also if a corner needs to be re-taken for any reason, it will
be counted as 1 corner.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
2
nd /3
rd/4
th/… Corner
Predict which team will take the named corner in the game. If this specific corner is not taken in the game, bets will be void. For example game finishes or is abandoned with 8 corners taken – all bets on any corner after the 8th will be void
(9th, 10th, etc.).
Kick-Off
Predict which team will perform the first kick of the game. Bets accepted after the decisive toss of coin will be void. All bets stand if a kick off has been made in the match, no matter if the match is later abandoned.
VAR
VAR review means that the referee needs to stop the game to consult VAR. A VAR review will have deemed to have occurred when there is notification of such within the stadium (Scoreboard / Tannoy announcement).
Player Cards/Player Red Card
Predict which Player will be carded - either with yellow card or with red card during the game. Players entering the field as substitutes are eligible and will be counted for settlement purposes. Cards shown to non-players, such as managers,
substituted or substitution players - do not count for settlement. Any card shown after the full-time whistle has been blown will be disregarded. Both yellow and red cards count.
Red Cards
Red Cards is similar to Over/Under wager. Win/Loss is determined by the number of red cards accumulated by both teams.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Total Booking in Match
This market is similar to Over/Under wager. Win/Loss is determined by points accumulated for cards shown to both teams. A yellow card counts as one point and a red card counts as two points. The maximum number of points a player can accumulate
during a match is three (if a player receives two yellow and a red card respectively, the 2
nd yellow card point is ignored). Only cards shown to players on the playing field count. Cards shown to non-players (managers, coaches, substitutes on the bench, etc.) do not count.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
First/Last Booking
Predict which team will receive first/last of any card (yellow or red) in the game. If players from both teams are booked for the same incident in which first or last card is received, bets will be void.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Substitutes
Substitutes are similar to Handicap and Over/Under wager. Win/Loss for Handicap part is determined by comparing the substitutes used by each team, applying the given Handicap. Win/Loss for Over/Under part is determined by substitutes used
by both teams.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
First/Last Substitute
Predict which team will make first/last substitution in the game. If both teams make a substitution at the same time, which happens to be first/last in the game, bets on it will be void.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Offside
Offside is similar to Handicap and Over/Under wager. Win/Loss for Handicap part is determined by comparing the offsides ruled against each team, applying the given Handicap. Win/Loss for Over/Under part is determined by offsides ruled against
both teams.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
First / Last Offside
Predict which team will be caught first/last in an offside position in the game.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Fouls
Fouls are similar to Handicap and Over/Under wager. Win/Loss for Handicap part is determined by comparing the fouls committed by each team, applying the given Handicap. Win/Loss for Over/Under part is determined by fouls committed by both
teams.
Only fouls conceded will count for settlement purposes. This include any act by a player that is deemed to interfere with the active play of the game by the referee, excluding offsides. Any misconducts that happens when the ball Is out of
play will not count as a foul. Penalties are included to the overall fouls counts.
German Bundesliga fouls - for settlement purposes will be used "fouls" but not "fouls overall" statistics from the official Bundesliga website.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Ball Possession
Ball Possession is similar to Handicap Wager. Win/loss is determined by the Ball Possession of both teams, then by comparing the ball possession with the handicap given before the game started.
For settlement purposes, possession Percentages are rounded to the closest number as follows: 50.4% > 50% 50.6% > 51%
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void.
Passes
A ball played intentionally from one player to another. Attempted passes will also count as valid for settlement purposes.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Shots On Target
"Shots on Target" is similar to Handicap and Over/Under wager. Win/Loss for Handicap part is determined by comparing the shots on target of each team, applying the given Handicap.
Win/Loss for Over/Under part is determined by shots on target of both teams..
If a match is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless settlement is already unconditionally determined.
Total Throw-Ins
Total Throw Ins is similar to Handicap and Over/Under wager. Win/Loss for Handicap part is determined by comparing the throw ins taken by each team, applying the given Handicap. Win/Loss for Over/Under part is determined by throw ins taken
by both teams.
If a match is abandoned all bets will be void, unless settlement is already unconditionally determined.
1
st/Last Throw-In
Predict which team will be first/last to take a throw in in the game. If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
1
st/Last Free Kick
Predict which team will be first/last to take a free kick in the game. If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
1
st/Last Goal Kick
Predict which team will be first/last to take a goal kick in the game. If a match is abandoned all bets will be void unless settlement is already determined.
Outright/Winner
Predict the winner of the relevant competition. Bets are settled on the final league position, after play offs (if played), unless otherwise stated.
To Qualify/Win the Cup
Winner is the team advancing to the next round or winning the cup. Should a team be disqualified from the tournament prior to the match, and a bye is awarded, then all qualification/win the cup bets will be void.
Relegation / Promotion
Bets are settled on the final league position, after play offs (if played), unless otherwise stated. If a team is removed from the league before the season has started, then all bets on that market will be made void, and a new relegation/promotion
book will be opened.
Group Winner / Qualify / Forecast / Points
Bets settled on final Group standings.
Group Winner – Predict the team which will win the group.
Group Qualify – Predict if a team will qualify for the next round of the tournament without playoffs.
Group Forecast – Predict the exact place the named team or teams will finish in.
Group Points – Predict how many points a team will accumulate.
Elimination Stage
Predict in which stage of a tournament a certain team will be eliminated.
Player and Game Performance Markets
Settlement is based on official competition rules and official competition feed information.
Player Performance
Predict what will be the in-play performance of single Player from each Team.
Game Actions
Predict what will be the in-play action that will determine outcome of the match.
Player Performance
All match markets are based on the result at the end of the regular time. This includes any added injury or stoppage time but does not include extra time, time allocated for a penalty shootout or a golden goal. All bets on a match abandoned
before the completion of the regular time will be void except for bets on any markets that have been unconditionally determined.
Player Propositions markets specifically, bets on players not taking part in the match will be void.
Settlement of the following markets will be determined by feed provided data or in the absence of an official source, or when significant conflicting evidence is present, bets will be settled based on our own statistics.
Detailed definitions of individual Player Propositions market:
Shots on target (Selected Player)
Any intentional goal attempt which could result in: a) The ball goes into the net b) The ball would have gone into the net but was stopped by a goalkeeper's save
c) The ball would have gone into the net but was stopped by a defender who is the last man
Shots hitting the frame of the goal are not counted as shots on target unless the above criteria are met.
Shots blocked by another player, who is not the last-man, are not counted as shots on target.
Shots (Selected Player)
A shot is defined as any intentional goal attempt which could result in: a) The ball goes into the net b) The ball would have gone into the net but was saved by the goalkeeper or stopped by an opposing player who is the last-man
c) The ball is heading towards goal and is blocked by a defender, where he/she was the last one meaning that there are other defenders or a goalkeeper behind the blocker d) The ball would have gone over or wide of the goal but was
stopped by a goalkeeper’s save or by an outfield player e) The ball hits the frame of the goal
Assists (Selected Player)
The final touch (pass, pass-cum-shot or any other touch) leading to the recipient of the ball scoring a goal without a decisive touch from an opposition player. Own goals or penalties do not get an assist awarded.
Passes (Selected Player)
An intentional played ball from one player to another. Crosses, throw-ins and keeper throws do not count as a pass. Goal kicks, free kicks, corners, kick-offs and penalties can be played as a pass.
Offsides (Match/Team)
Awarded to the player deemed to be in an offside position where a free kick is awarded.
Tackles (Team/Selected Player)
A tackle is defined as where a player connects with the ball in ground challenge where he successfully takes the ball away from the man in possession. The tackled player must clearly be in possession of the ball before the tackle is made.
Transfer Specials
Player to sign for before. - Club of player to sign includes Loan deals for settlement purposes. If he is recalled to his parent club or sold to another one later it does not matter. It only does matter where the player is playing on the date
mentioned.
Next Permanent Manager - Bets are settled on the next permanent manager as announced by the club. Caretaker bosses and interim managers do not count for this market, unless they lead the team in at least 10 competitive matches. If they do,
they will be settled as winners for betting purposes.
Mythical Matches
Mythical Matches are usually head-to-head duels between two teams which do not play against each other in an actual match, but against different opponents in two different matches, with the outcome of both being combined together to produce
the result of a mythical bet.
Mythical Matches will use the main 1X2, HC & OU lines from both separate events and perform combined main 1X2, HC & OU lines.
Mythical match bets involve the virtual pairing of any two teams. Mythical match results are decided by the number of goals scored by the two paired teams in their respective matches. The winning team is the team with the highest number of
goals scored.
Venue (Home or Away) of the matches are not considered in these Mythical matches.
If any of the paired team's matches are postponed, rescheduled or abandoned, all mythical match bets involving those teams will be void.
Last Revision: 11 September 2020 (Version: #18)
Gaelic sports
Gaelic Sports
All bets are settled on the regular time result. Extra time does not count, unless otherwise specified.
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action. An exception is made if incorrect kick-off time is announced on our website. If a match venue is changed, bets will stand as long as home team is designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, then bets based on the original listing will be void.
Abandoned or postponed matches are void unless rearranged and played on the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules.
For settlement purposes a goal is counted as 3 points and a point as 1 pt in order for the final score to be determined.
Outright
All outright bets shall stand irrespective of changes in season format or length.
Money line
Predict the winner of the game. There are 3 possible outcomes:
1 – Home team wins
X – Draw
2 – Away team wins
Spread
Predict the winner of the game, applying the given handicap to the final score (goal=3, point=1). If a market is offered as 2way (without a price for the tie) and after a handicap has been applied the result is a draw, bets will be refunded.
Over/Under
Predict if the points scored by both teams, including goals (1 goal=3points) will be over or under a given number..
Half-time/Full-time
Predict the outcome at the end of the 1st half and the full time result. Extra time does not count. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
1st Half: Money line, Spread and Over/Under
Bets will be settled on the first half result only. If a match is abandoned before half time, bets will be void. If a match is abandoned during the second half, then all first half bets are still valid.
In-Play betting
Bets on any match market abandoned before the full completion of the statutory number of legs/sets will be void.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Golf
Golf
If the start of a round is delayed, or if play during a round is suspended, all pending wagers will remain valid for 48 hours. If the postponement lasts more than 48 hours, all pending wagers will be canceled and the monies refunded.
Where a golfer withdraws before the start of a tournament then all bets on that participant will be declared void. Non-runner, no-bet.
Bets stand once the player has teed off the first hole.
Outright Betting/Top Nationality (Top US/GB & Ire etc.)
All outright bets are settled on the player winning the trophy. The result of play-offs is taken into account.Dead-heat rules will apply and Outright markets may be subject to Rule 4 (Deduction).
All bets stand except for those placed on participants not competing in the first round.
Official tour site results at the time of trophy presentation are used for settlement purposes (subsequent disqualification after this time does not count).
Competition champion and placings will be determined by the official rules of the respective governing body.
In the event of a change to or decrease in the booked number of rounds or openings played in the competition, wagers set on this market will stand.
If a competition is diminished to less than the planned number of rounds, all bets placed after the last shot of the previous completed round will be void.
For Top Nationality betting, the winners will be settled in the same way as outright bets, subject to both Dead-heat and Rule 4 deductions, with only the players quoted counting for settlement purposes. Same rules also apply to Top Nationality
bets where we offer the winner market after a specific round of a tournament.
The four ‘Majors’, namely the US Masters, USPGA, US Open and British Open Championships. Pre-Tournament Outright Winner bets will stand so long as the event is completed in the calendar year, otherwise they will be void.
First round winner
The winner will be the player achieving the highest placing at the end of the first round.
Winner without the favourite/nominated players
Who will win the market without selected players. Dead-heat rules apply.
End of Round Leader
The player with the leading score at the end of the specified round will be deemed the winner. Dead-heat rules apply.
Top 4, 5, 6, 10, 20 Finish
A Player to finish within the Top 4, Top 5, Top 6, Top 10 or Top 20 of a specific tournament. Dead heat rules apply. Same rules also apply for top finishes after a specific round of a tournament.
Seasonal Money lists (Race to Dubai, PGA Tour etc. )
Bets placed on money lists such as the Race to Dubai & PGA Money List are to predict which golfer tops the official money list at the end of the European season for the Race to Dubai and the American season for the PGA Tour Money List. For
the US Seniors Tour it is the PGA Champions Tour money list and for the US Women’s main tour it is the LPGA Tour money list.
Bets will be determined by the overall winner following the last relevant tournament and will not be affected by any subsequent enquiries or alterations. Does not include FedEx Cup Winner Bonus.
Money line
If an individual match-up ends in a tie then bets will be void.
18 hole match- ups
Bets stand once the players have teed off the first hole. If a round is abandoned, then bets on that round are void.
The winner will be the player with the lowest score over 18 holes ( or highest points total for Tournaments using the Stableford Scoring system ).
If an individual match-up ends in a tie then bets will be void.
Play-offs do not count.
18 Hole 2 and 3 Ball Betting
Bets stand once the players have teed off the first hole. If a round is abandoned then bets on that round are void.
In the event that pairings or groups change, then all bets will be made void.
The winner will be the player with the lowest score over 18 holes. For tournament using the Stableford scoring system the highest points scorer during the round is the winner.
Play-offs do not countIn 2 ball betting, where a price is not offered for the tie then bets will be void in the event of a tie. In 3 ball betting dead heat rules will apply.
For Hole winner markets, bets stand once all nominated players tee off the designated hole. For a player to win the hole, he must score a lower score than every other player on that specified hole. If a player withdraws during the hole, then
bets on the withdrawn player will be settled as a loser. Bets are settled once the players leave the green.
For Hole group betting, bets are settled based on the score over a specified group of holes. For a player to win the group of holes, he must score a lower score than every other player on the specified holes. Bets will be void if one of the
players does not tee off on the first of the specified holes. If a player withdraws during the specified group of holes, then bets on that player will be settled as a loser.
54, 72 & 90 Tournament Hole Match-Ups
Bets stand once the players have teed off the first hole.
Whichever player completes the most holes is deemed the winner. If both players complete the same amount of holes the player with the lowest score is deemed the winner.
If the scheduled number of rounds is reduced by bad weather, bets will be settled so long as there is a deemed tournament winner and a minimum of 36 holes played. The winner will be the player leading after the last completed official round.
If a player is disqualified or withdraws after starting, either prior to the completion of two rounds or after both players have made the cut, then the other player is deemed the winner.
If a player is disqualified during either the 3rd or 4th rounds, when the other player in the match bet has already missed the cut, then the disqualified player is deemed the winner.
If an individual match-up ends in a tie then bets will be void.
For match betting where a price for the tie is offered and the match is tied, bets on either player will be lost.
Play-off is taken into account.
Dead-heat rules
If 2 or more selections finish in the same position, the stake will be divided proportionally.
Example:
The final positions in golf are the following:
1st position: Player A
2nd position: Player B
3rd position: Player C
3rd position: Player D
3rd position: Player E
6th Position: Player F
6th Position: Player G
Let’s say you bet on Player E (e/w ¼ 1-2-3)
3rd position is shared by 3 players – Player E shares 3rd position with 2 other players - so the payment will be 1/3 stake X e/w odds
Let’s say you bet on Player E (e/w ¼ 1-2-3-4)
Positions 3 and 4 are shared by 3 players.
3rd and 4th (not really 4th position since there are 3 players in 3rd position) positions are shared by 3 players – that means 2 positions pay, out of the 3 players who reached those positions: 2/3 stake X e/w odds.
Note – Dead-heat rules apply to the stake and not to the odds
Tournament Group Betting
Which player will achieve the highest placing at the end of the tournament from the group of named players. Players are grouped together for betting purposes. If a player in the group withdraws before the tournament begins the market will
be void. Dead-heat Rules Apply. At least 36 holes must be completed.
Tournament Trios
As above but with 3 golfers grouped together.
5/6 Shooters
Predict which of the 5 or 6 players in a group will win the round. Dead-heat rules apply. Rule 4 (Deductions) may apply in the event of a non-runner.
To Make/Miss the Cut
The first official cut will be used to settle this market. Any subsequent cut will be irrelevant. Any player who withdraws or is disqualified prior to the first cut will be deemed to have missed the cut. Bets are resulted from the Official
tournament website.
Tournament Hole in One?
Whether a hole in one will be scored during the tournament. Bets will stand as long as a minimum of 36 holes of a tournament are played. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Round Hole-in-One
Will a hole-in-one be scored during a particular round of tournament? Bets will stand as long as the particular round is completed. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Hole-in-One on Specific Hole in Tournament
Will a hole-in-one be scored on a particular hole during the tournament. Bets will stand as long as a minimum of 36 holes of a tournament are played. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Hole-in-One on Hole X in Round X
Will a hole-in-one be scored on a specific hole during a particular round of the tournament? Bets will stand as long as the particular round is completed. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Total Players Under Par
How many players will finish the tournament with an overall score under par. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Will there be a Play Off?
Will there be a play off hole(s) to decide the tournament winner. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Winning Nationality/Region of the Winner
To predict the nationality of the player who won the tournament. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
First Time Winner?
Will the tournament be won by a player who has never won the specific tournament before. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Tournament Winning Margin
How many shots will the winning player win the specified tournament by. i.e. How many strokes between the winner and second place. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website. Bets will stand so long as a minimum of 36 holes are
played.
Tournament Wire to Wire winner?
To predict the winner of the tournament to be the tournament leader at the end of each specified round from round one to round four. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Tournament Winning Score
To predict what the tournament winner’s winning score is at the end of the tournament. Settlement will be upon the completion of 72 holes otherwise bets are void. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Tournament Highest Round Score
Predict the highest individual round score carded by a player during the tournament. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website. Where markets contain a specific list of players to shoot the highest tournament round score, Dead-Heat
rules will apply.
Lowest Tournament Round Score
Predict the lowest individual round score carded by a player during the tournament. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website. Where markets contain a specific list of players to shoot the highest tournament round score, Dead-Heat
rules will apply.
Will there be a Albatross?
Will an Albatross be scored during the tournament? An Albatross is a score of 3 under par on any particular hole. Bets will stand as long as a minimum of 36 holes of a tournament are played. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Score Cut is made at
At what score to par will the tournament cut be made at. The first official cut will be used to settle this market. Any subsequent cut will be irrelevant. Bets are resulted from the Official tournament website.
Double Chance/Triple Chance
Betting on whether one of the two/three named players will win the tournament In the event of one or more of the selections being a non-runner bets will be void.
Straight/Dual Forecast
For straight forecasts, players must come 1st and 2nd in the specified order, and in Dual forecasts players must come 1st or 2nd in either order. Both players must tee off for bets to stand; otherwise bets will be void. In the event of a tie
for second place, Dead heat rules will apply.
Group Betting
Which player will achieve the highest placing at the end of the tournament from the group of named players. Players are grouped together for betting purposes. If a player in the group pulls out before the tournament begins the market will
be void. Dead-heat Rules Apply.
Top Players – Top Left Hander/Senior/Debutant/Former Winner/Qualifier etc.
Which left-handed/Senior golfer etc. will finish highest in the tournament in the above various categories. Dead Heat rules apply and Rule 4 (Deduction). Settled according to the Official tournament website.
Player Round Scores
What score will a player shoot for a given round. Void If there is a change in Par to the course. Player must complete the whole round for bets to stand.
Round Handicap
The handicap is applied to the specified players’ Round Scores, with the lowest score being the winner. e.g. Player A + 0.5 scores 70, Player B - 0.5 scores 70, Player B is settled as the winner once the handicap has been applied.
Player Hole Scores
What score will a player shoot on a given hole. Void If there is a change in Par of the hole. If a player withdraws before teeing off on a given hole, bets on that hole will be void. If a player withdraws having started a hole, bets will be
settled as ‘Over Par’.
Player Hole Group Scores
What score will a player shoot on a given group of holes. Void If there is a change in Par of the hole(s). If a player withdraws before teeing off on a given group of holes or doesn’t complete the specified number of holes in the group, bets
on that hole group will be void.
Any Player Under/Over Par on hole in 3 ball
Will any player in the group shoot under or over par on a certain hole. If a player withdraws having teed off on a certain hole, their score will be treated as ‘Over par’. If any of the players don’t tee off, bets are void.
Player Bogey Free Round
Will a player score zero bogeys during his round. If a player withdraws before the round is complete, then if he has already scored a bogey the bet will be deemed a loser. If the player withdraws before completing the round without having
scored a bogey then bets will be void.
Hole Winner/Hole Group Winner
Which player will shoot the lowest score on the selected hole(s). Bets stand once all nominated players tee-off the designated hole(s). So, if a player starts then withdraws during the specified group of holes, then bets on that player will
be settled as a loser. In markets involving just 2 players, if both players shoot the same score then bets will be void unless tie was offered as a selection. In markets involving 3 players, if two players tie on the lowest score of the
three, then Dead-Heat rules will apply for the two tied players and bets on the other player will be settled as losers.
To Finish Last
Which player will finish last. Players must fully complete the official number of holes in the event. Any player who withdraws or gets disqualified in the event, then bets on those players will be deemed as losing bets. Dead-heat rules apply.
Settled using official tournament leaderboard.
Finishing Position
What position will the player finish in the tournament. Players must complete the official number of holes in the event. If any player withdraws or is disqualified from the event, then bets on those players will be deemed as losing bets. In
the event of a tie for a finishing position, the tied finishing position will count, so a player finishing 5th with 3 others is still deemed to have finished 5th. Dead-heat rules apply. Settled using official tournament leaderboard.
Golf Specials
Total Majors won/To win a Major
How many of the four major men’s golf tournaments will a player win in the calendar year/will a player win any one of the four majors in that year, Yes/No. The majors are the US Masters, USPGA, US Open and British Open. A player must play
all four majors for bets to stand.
Long Term Majors Markets
Majors Match Bets – Example. Which of the two players will win the most majors by the end of the calendar year 2025 say. If the match-up ends in a tie then bets will be void.
Which Player will win a Major first Match Bet – Example. Which player will be the first to win a Major before 2025. Bets will be void if neither player wins by the end of 2025.
Race to X Majors – Example. Which player will be the first to win 5 Majors by end of 2025. If no-one manages to reach 5 Majors won, bets will be void.
Player to win a Major by year X – Example. Will a player win a major by 2025? Yes or No.
Enhanced win
This refers to enhanced win only prices on outright betting markets.
Match play markets:
Match Handicap
The handicap is applied to the specified Player/Team's match scores, with the Player/Team winning the most holes being the winner. e.g. Player A/Team A + 0.5 holes, Player B/Team B - 0.5 holes. If the match is level, Player A/Team A is settled
as the winner once the handicap has been applied.
Hole 18 to be Played
Will hole 18 be played during the match (or hole 36 for 36 hole matches etc. ). i.e. Will the match reach the last possible designated hole to be played. Bets void if the number of holes/rounds are reduced.
Most Birdies in the Match
Who will make the most birdies in the match? In the result of a draw bets will be void unless the tie is offered.
To lead the Match First
Who will take the lead first in the match? Bets void if no-one takes the lead during the match.
Par 3/4/5 Winner
Who will score better/win the most holes on a specific par hole. Who will score better on just the par 3 holes for example. Bets stand so long as match is completed.
Will Player hit the Fairway in regulation on Hole X?
Will a player find the fairway with his first tee shot? Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
Will Player hit the Green in regulation on Hole X?
Will a player hit the green in the regulated number of shots for the hole? 1 shot for par 3's, 2 shots for par 4's and 3 shots (or two shots if specified) for par 5's. Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
Who's ball will finish closest to the pin on Hole X?
Who's ball will finish nearest to the pin/hole in regulation shots for the hole. 1 shot for par 3 holes, 2 shots for par 4's etc. At least one ball must be on the green in the regulated number of shots for the par of the hole to count, otherwise
bets are void. Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
How close to the pin will the ball finish on Hole X?
How close to the pin/hole will the ball finish after regulation shots. Balls must finish on the green to count, otherwise bets are void. Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
Who will have the Longest Drive on Hole X?
Who will have the longest drive/tee shot for the hole. Balls must finish in the fairway to count. Bets void if no balls finish on the fairway. Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
Will player hit the ball out of bounds from his tee shot on Hole X?
Will a player hit the ball out of the course boundaries with his tee shot? Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
Will player hit the ball in the water from his tee shot on Hole X?
Will a player's ball finish in the water hazard from his tee shot? Official website stats will be used to determine the result.
Skins Matches
Each player/team tees off in turn and play continues until each player finishes the hole. The player/team with the lowest score on the hole wins the Skin for that hole. The Skin is a set number of points or a monetary value for the hole. If
the hole is tied then the Skin is rolled over to the next hole. Example, holes 1 & 2 are tied, but hole 3 is then won, the wining team wins 3 Skins. Once a hole is won the next hole is played for one Skin again. Dead-heat rules apply.
If a play-off is required, that will be used for settlement purposes.
Ryder/Presidents/Solheim Cup and any other International Matchplay Markets
All markets, including Outright, Draw No Bet, Handicap(s), Top Points Scorer and Correct Score, Format Correct Score, Total Point Markets, will be settled on official result unless otherwise stated. In the Presidents Cup, To Lift Trophy (without
the Tie option), dead-heat rules will apply. If a match does not start (e.g. player injured or disqualified before the start of a match) then all bets on that match will be void. Uncompleted single hole bets will be void.
Winning Match Margin
By how many holes (or strokes in stroke play format matches) will a player/team win the match. For 36 hole matches, bets will be void if the number of rounds are reduced. For 18 hole matches, if a match finishes before the completion of the
stated number of holes, bets will be settled on the official result. Bets will be void if a player withdraws at a point in the match where the result is still to be determined. e.g. The number of holes remaining is greater than or equal
to the score at the time of withdrawal. For stroke play matches, matches will be void if a player withdraws or 18 holes are not completed.
Last Hole Played
At what hole in the round will the match end. For 36 hole matches, bets will be void if the number of rounds are reduced. Bets will be void if a player withdraws at a point in the match where the result is still to be determined. For 18 hole
matches, if a player withdraws after the 16th hole when the match is tied or after the 17th when a player leads by 1, then the Last Hole played is settled as Hole 18, since any natural conclusion to the match would require the 18th hole
to be played.
To Lead after hole X
Which player/team will lead the match round after a certain hole. For 36 hole matches, bets will be void if the number of rounds are reduced. Bets will be void if the players are tied after a given hole unless the tie is an option. Bets will
be void if a player withdraws at a point where the result is still to be determined.
36 Hole Match
Which player/team will win the most holes. Matches will be void if a tie unless extra play-off holes are played to deem a winner. If the match is reduced due to adverse weather, bets will stand so long as there is a deemed and minimum of 18
holes are completed. If a player is disqualified or withdraws after starting prior to the completion of two rounds then the other player is deemed the winner. If a price is offered for the tie, in the event of a tie bets on either player
to win will be lost.
Singles Matches
If an individual match-up ends in a tie then bets will be void. For team match play events, bets on the winner of any singles match will be void if that match does not reach its natural conclusion. A singles match will be deemed not to have
reached its natural conclusion if, for example, the applicable players agree to a half because the overall team contest has already been determined. Uncompleted single hole bets will be void in this scenario also.
Fourballs/Foursomes/Greensomes/Scramble
Bets stand once both pairings have teed off the first hole. For all other bets involving groups of more than 3 players together over 18 holes (e.g. 4-ball, 5-ball, etc.) Dead-heat rules apply. Non-runner - no-bet. Deductions in line with Rule
4 (Deductions) will apply. Please note in these formats any scoring markets in the match such as an individually named player to score an Eagle, Hole-in-One etc. the scores count only when individual player plays his own ball throughout
the entirety of the hole as in the Fourball format. Alternate shot formats do not count for scoring markets unless specifically stated.
Tournament Correct Score
What will final match score be for the number of matches won by each team. E.g. Ryder Cup 14-14, Europe 15-13, USA 16-12. All scheduled matches must be completed in full for bets to stand regardless if matches are carried over.
Day/Session Correct Score
Settlement will be based on score after scheduled number of matches in the specified format regardless if matches are carried over.
Day/Session Winner Markets
Settlement will be based on score after scheduled number of matches regardless if matches are carried over.
Top Tournament Points Scorer/Top Nationality Points Scorer Markets/ Top Team/Top Rookie/Top Wildcard (or Top Captain’s pick) Markets
Markets will be settled on the whole tournament. Dead-heat rules apply. Bets will stand once the player has teed-off.
Team to Score 1st Full Point
The settled winner will be the first team to win a scheduled match and as a result acquire a full point. In the event of every scheduled match ending in a tie, bets will be void.
Player to Hole winning Tournament Putt
Settlement will be based on the player who gains the winning half or full point which gets their team to 14.5 points. In the event of a 14-14 tie, bets will be void (including the player who holes the putt to retain the Trophy).
Winner 72 Hole Performance
What score will the winner of the tournament shoot on the last hole? Under Par, Par or Over Par. If the tournament is reduced to 54 or 36 holes the last hole score of the player will count so long as there is an official result. Bets are resulted
from the official tournament website.
Winner to come from the Round 4 Final Pairing
Will the winner of the tournament be in the last pairing that tees off in Round 4? This is the leading group by scores going into the final round. Bets are resulted from the official tournament website.
End of Round X Leader to Win the Tournament
Will the player who is top of the leader board after Round X go on to win the Tournament? Bets are resulted from the official tournament website.
Last Revision: 11 September 2020 (Version: #5)
Greyhounds
Greyhounds
Bets on Greyhound Racing are accepted for all BAGS (Bookmakers Afternoon Greyhound Service) Meetings, BEGS (Bookmakers Evening Greyhound Service) Meetings, races covered live on terrestrial TV or Sky Sports and selected other meetings in the UK and Ireland that are covered by a full service on SIS and where we specifically advertise acceptance or where betting opportunities are available on the site.
Bets are settled on the official result called by the judge and any subsequent amendments will be ignored for settlement purposes.
Unless a show, early or ante post price is either offered or requested, all bets on greyhound racing will be settled at starting price returns. The starting price (SP) is the price available at the 'off' of a race. Where a 10Bet SP or an industry SP is returned, this will take precedence over any other declared SP and will be used to settle bets where a no show, early or ante post price is requested. Where no SP is returned and no show, early or ante post price is requested, settlement will be based on the final show of betting transmitted by SIS. Where no betting shows are transmitted, greyhound bets will be void.
We cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions in respect of accuracy in publishing or issuing of prices or information, despite every effort being made to ensure total accuracy. We reserve the right to correct these errors.
Each way
Bets are accepted on win or each way. Using the each way checkbox will double the unit stake placed on the winner selection. It will contain one bet on the Winner and another bet on the Place. Terms will be written in the header of the event eg. E/W 1/4 1-2
Number of Runners
Not Handicap race
2 - 4
Win Only
5 - 7
¼ odds for Place 1, 2
8
1/5 odds for place 1, 2, 3
The each way terms shown above are determined by the number of runners at the start of a race, not by when the bet was placed. If you place an each way bet for a race that is win only, the total stake will be invested in a win. For the purpose of settlement, each way doubles, trebles etc. are settled as two distinct bets, i.e. win on ‘to win’ and place on ‘to place’.
Each way bets are not accepted on unnamed favourites.
Dead Heats
When a dead heat occurs for first place, the stake money on the winning selection will be divided by the number of winners, with full odds paid at the reduced stake. The remainder of the stake is lost. Where an each-way bet involves a dead heat winner, the win part of the bet will be settled as above, and the place part will be settled in full, in accordance with the relevant place terms. Should the dead heat involve placed selections and results in more than the allocated number of places, then the stakes will be divided as before, and settled to the full place terms.
Ante post
Standard Ante Post rules apply.
Show/Early Prices
Show prices are the current prices on offer at the course during the period before a race. Early prices are special prices compiled by 10Bet and are usually offered up until 15 minutes before the off of a race. Prices are subject to fluctuation. If you want a bet at show/early price you must request it at the time of placing your bet.
In the case of a non-runner, any bets at show prices or early prices will be settled at the starting price.
Re-Runs
Where a race has been declared a no-race and is re-run, all bets will stand for the greyhounds that take part in the re-run. The prices returned on the re-run will govern the settlement. Show/Early prices will stand for a re-run unless there is a non-runner, in which case all bets will be settled at the SP. A re-run greyhound race is taken in the order in which it was originally placed in the programme, irrespective of the time at which it was re-run. Where a race has been declared a no-race and is not re-run, all bets for that race will be made void and will not count for any additional race.
Forecasts
A Straight Forecast is a bet where you name two selections to finish 1st and 2nd in the correct order in a specified event.
A Reverse Forecast is a bet where you name two selections to finish 1st and 2nd in any order in a specified event.
A Combination Forecast is a bet where you choose three or more selections, with any of these to finish 1st and 2nd in a specified event.
Any winning Forecast is paid according to the official Computer Forecast return, which is declared to a £/€/$1 stake.
Forecasts will be accepted only in races of three or more runners and will be settled in accordance with the officially declared SP Computer Forecast Dividend. In races with fewer than three runners, the forecast bet will be declared void.
If one of the selections becomes a non-runner in a forecast bet, the total stake will be placed on the other remaining selection as a win single bet at the SP.
In a Combination Forecast, where a selection becomes a non-runner, the total stake of the bet will be divided equally between the possible forecast combinations, with the remaining selections and the forecasts, including the non-runner, becoming singles.
In the event of a dead heat, separate dividends will be declared for all the runners involved in the dead heat and forecast.
Unnamed favourites are not accepted for forecast betting.
Forecasts are accepted for singles only.
Trap Challenge
We may provide fixed odds betting on which trap will win the most races at either one greyhound meeting or two meetings combined.
In the event of a Dead Heat each dog is awarded ½ win. If all races are not completed or there are any vacant traps then all bets will stand. Dead Heat rules apply for settlement purposes.
Tricasts
A Tricast is a bet where you name the first three selections to finish first, second and third in the correct order in a specified race, in races where a Computer Forecast Dividend is declared.
If a tricast is accepted on a race in which no tricast is declared then the bet will be settled as a forecast on the first two nominated selections.
A Combination Tricast is a bet where you name three selections to finish first, second and third in any order.
Any winning Tricast is paid out according to the official Computer Tricast return which is declared to a £/€/$1 stake.
Tricasts are offered on all races with 4 or more runners. If one of the selections in a tricast bet becomes a non-runner, the bet will be settled as a forecast on the remaining selections in the order they were selected. If two of the selections in a tricast become non-runners, the bet will be settled as a win single on the remaining runner.
In the event of two or more runners dead-heating for first, second or third place, separate dividends will be declared and paid for each qualifying tricast. In fixed price tricasts, the full odds will be paid with the stake being split according to the number of runners which dead-heat.
Unnamed favourites are not accepted for tricast betting.
Tricasts are accepted for singles only.
Favourites
Bets on the Favourite are accepted win-only at the starting price. Early prices or board prices cannot be taken on unnamed favourites.
The favourite is the greyhound quoted at the shortest odds in the official starting prices.
Where you nominate the favourite and two or more runners start at the same odds and these odds are shorter than those quoted against any other, then these two are equal first favourites and equal second favourites.
If two or more co-favourites are selected, the stake will be divided equally between them and paid at full odds.
Last Revision: 25 March 2020 (Version: #3)
Handball
Handball
All bets will be settled based on the score at the end of regulation time, excluding overtime (if played), unless otherwise stated.
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action.
All games are based on the result at the end of a 60-minute scheduled play unless otherwise stated. If the scheduled 60 minutes are not played, then bets will be void, unless otherwise stated. An exception is made for games in which a mercy rule is used: the result at the time of the mercy rule call will be used for settlement purposes.
If a match is postponed or abandoned for any reason, all bets will be void, unless re-arranged and played on the same day or stated otherwise in the rules. An exception is made if incorrect kick off time is announced on our website.
The statistics provided by the official website of the relevant competition or fixture will be used for settlement purposes. In case statistics are not available on the official website or there is significant evidence that the official website is incorrect, we will use an independent source to settle bets.
In the absence of consistent, independent evidence or in the presence of significant conflicting evidence, bets will be settled based on our own statistics.
Live-Betting
If the event is not completed, then all bets will be void, unless otherwise stated, or the outcome has already been determined.
1x2
Bets are made by selecting a Home Win, a Draw or an Away win:
1 – Home Win
X – Draw
2 – Away Win
Handicap
Predict the winner, applying the given handicap.
Over/Under
Predict if the total number of goals scored by both teams will be over or under a given number. If the game is abandoned then all bets will be void, unless the outcome has already been determined.
Alternative HC
Predict the winner, applying the given alternative handicap.
Alternative Goals
Predict if the total number of goals scored by both teams will be over or under a given alternative number. If the game is abandoned then all bets will be void, unless the outcome has already been determined.
1
st Half
Bets (
1X2, Handicap and Over/Under) are settled on the first half result only.
If the 1st half is not completed then all bets are void, unless the outcome has already been determined.
2
nd Half
Bets (
1X2, Handicap and Over/Under) are settled on the second half result only.
If the 2nd half is not completed then all bets are void, unless the outcome has already been determined.
Alternative 1st Half HC
Predict the 1st half winner, applying the given alternative handicap.
Alternative 1st Half Goals
Predict if the total number of goals scored in the 1st Half by both teams will be over or under a given alternative line.
First team to score/ Last team to score
Predict which team will score the first/last goal in the match. Own goals count towards the team credited with the goal. If a game is abandoned after a goal is scored, then all bets on First team to score will stand, while bets on Last team to score will be void.
Odd/Even
A prediction of whether the total number of accumulated goals by both teams will add up to an odd or even number.
Double Chance
A Double Chance bet allows you to cover two of the three possible outcomes with one bet. The following options are available:
1 or X - if the result is either a home win or a draw, then bets on this option are winners.
X or 2 - if the result is either a draw or an away win, then bets on this option are winners.
1 or 2 - if the result is either a home or an away win, then bets on this option are winners.
Halftime/Fulltime
Predict the result of a match at halftime and at the end of regular time. If a game is abandoned, bets will be void.
Example: If you choose 1/X, you bet on the home team to lead in the first half and the match to end in a draw. Extra time doesn’t count.
Race to X Goals
Predict which team will be the first to reach X goals. If the game is abandoned then all bets will be void, unless the outcome has already been determined. Includes Neither.
Highest Scoring Half
Predict in which half most goals will be scored. Includes Draw.
Total team goals
"Total team goals" is similar to Over/Under Wager.
Win/loss is determined by the goals accumulated by a named team. If the game is abandoned then all bets will be void, unless the outcome has already been determined.
Team Odd/Even
Predict whether a team’s total number of accumulated goals in a match will be an odd or an even number.
Team with Highest Scoring half
Predict which team will score the most goals in any (either 1st or 2nd) Half of the game. Includes Draw.
Winning Margin
Predict by how many goals the winning team will win the game. Includes Tie.
TriBet FT/TriBet 1st Half
Predict which of the two Teams will win with goals margin as follows:
for FT - by 3 or more goals or any other result;
for 1st Half - by 2 or more goals or any other result
Halftime/Fulltime Alternative
Predict the result of a match at halftime and at the end of regular time. Selections are based on winning ones only without the tie options plus any other as additional selection.
If a game is abandoned, bets will be void
To Qualify
Should a team be disqualified from the tournament prior to the match, and a bye is awarded, then all qualification bets will be void.
Finishing Position
Predict which team will be ahead in the final standings of the tournament.
If one or more teams fail to start the tournament, all bets are considered void and stakes will be refunded.
Group Winner
Predict the team to win the group. Bets will be settled on the final Group positions.
Top Goalscorer / Top Team Goalscorer
Goals scored in regular time (60 minutes) and extra-time count for settlement purposes. However, penalty shootout goals do not count. Dead-heat rules apply. If a player takes part in the tournament, all bets will have action.
Outright/Winner
Predict the winner of the relevant competition. Bets are settled on the final league position, after play offs (if played), unless otherwise stated.
Last Revision: 20 November 2020 (Version: #4)
Horse racing
Horse Racing
Horse racing data is licensed from the British Horse Racing Authority.
Bets on Racing are automatically settled on the double result basis unless otherwise stated or as detailed in the double result section below.
Ante-post bets (including Non Runner No Bet) are settled at the price and place terms applicable at the time of acceptance. The advertised times of races, the runners, returns and results as published in the Racing Post (or the national press) will govern settlement of all bets, excepting errors and omissions. Should a wrong price or place term be given in error we reserve the right to settle the bet according to the correct price/place terms available at the time of the bet.
When a result is amended after the official result (i.e. the weigh-in), for example as a result of a successful appeal, the amendment will be ignored for settlement purposes.We cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions in respect of accuracy in publishing or issuing of prices or information, despite every effort being made to ensure total accuracy. We reserve the right to correct these errors.
Double Result Concession
Double Result means if your horse finishes 'First Past The Post' you get paid as a winner, however, should your horse be awarded the race or promoted to a place, as a result of a Stewards' Inquiry or Objection which is announced before the 'Weigh In', we will also pay you.
All bets placed on UK and Irish horse racing will be settled on First Past the Post AND the official result (i.e. the Weighed In result). The rules will be applied so that the settlement is always in the favour of the customer.
First Past the Post: The immediate result after the race has been completed (see Exceptions below).
Official Result: Announced at the 'Weigh In' on the day, after any Stewards' Inquiries and/or Objections have been considered. If a winner or a placed horse is disqualified/demoted after the official result is announced, the disqualification/demotion will not affect the settlement of bets.
General
The Double Result concession applies on all selections and bets that are not mentioned in the Exceptions section.
Best Odds Guaranteed applies as normal and where advertised and applicable.
There is no restriction on stakes that are applicable for the Double Result concession, but payouts are subject to our advertised Maximum Payout Limits as normal.
Exceptions
The exceptions where 'First Past the Post' settlement is not applicable, and bets will only be settled according to the official result are as follows:
Any race that is held outside the UK and Ireland.
Any UK/Irish race that does not have an industry SP returned
All bets placed on SP odds and bets on the First and Second Favourites.
All selections that are placed under Ante-Post rules (including Non Runner No Bet).
All selections from any market other than Racecard (e.g. Forecast/Tricast, Betting Without Favourite(s), Place Only, Match Betting and any other extra/special markets that are offered).
All selections that are placed on horses finishing in places relevant under enhanced EW terms offers only.
A selection taking the wrong course.
A selection carrying the wrong weight or the jockey failing to weigh-in.
Aintree Grand National race.
A selection given as the winner in error by the judge.
Each way
Bets are acceptable win or each way. Using the each way checkbox will double the unit stake placed on the winner selection.
It will contain one bet on the Winner and another bet on the Place, Terms will be written at the header of the event eg. E/W 1/4 1-2-3
For horse racing, the each way bets will be determined according to the number of runners and the table:
Number of Runners
Not Handicap race
Yes Handicap race
1 - 4
Win Only
Apenas Vitória
5 - 7
Odds ¼, for 1,2 Place
Odds ¼, for 1,2 Place
8 - 11
Odds 1/5, for 1,2,3 Place
Odds 1/5, for 1,2,3 Place
12 - 15
Odds 1/5, for 1,2,3 Place
Odds ¼, for 1º,2º,3º
16 +
Odds 1/5, for 1,2,3 Place
Odds ¼, for 1,2,3,4 Place
Number of runners coming under starters orders will be the number which will determine the each way terms for non-ante post races.
If non-runners take the race to less than five runners the place money goes on to win.
Some races can have enhanced odds or places and we keep the right to offer different odds and places.
Dead Heats
When a dead heat occurs for first place, the stake money on the winning selection will be divided by the number of winners, with full odds paid at the reduced stake. The remainder of the stake is lost. Where an each-way bet involves a dead heat winner, the win part of the bet will be settled as above, and the place part will be settled in full, in accordance with the relevant place terms. Should the dead heat involve placed selections and results in more than the allocated number of places, then the stakes will be divided as before, and settled to the full place terms.
Ante post
Ante post events will be available in advance to customers, more than 48 hours before the race. Bets on non-runner horses in ante post events will be considered lost, unless otherwise stated.
Ante post events may be suspended on days when races related to the event occur.
Ante post bets will be settled according to the price and place terms at the time the bet has been placed.
We reserve the right to cancel wagers on ante post prices/places which have been presented due to typing or human errors.
Postponed races
If a race is postponed and final declarations stand, then the bets will stand. Bets will be void if:
The race is declared void
The race is abandoned
The condition of the race has changed
The venue has changed
The surface has changed
Rule 4 Deduction
Rule 4 deduction will apply according to the following table:
Price of non-runner at time of withdrawal
Amount deducted from winnings
1/9 or longer odds on
90p in the £
2/11 to 2/17
85p in the £
1/4 to 1/5
80p in the £
3/10 to 2.7
75p in the £
2/5 to 1/3
70p in the £
8/15 to 4/9
65p in the £
8/13 to 4/7
60p in the £
4/5 to 4/6
55p in the £
20/21 to 5/6
50p in the £
1/1 to 6/5
45p in the £
5/4 to 6/4
40p in the £
13/8 to 7/4
35p in the £
15/8 to 9/4
30p in the £
5/2 to 3/1
25p in the £
10/3 to 4/1
20p in the £
9/2 to 11/2
15p in the £
6/1 to 9/1
10p in the £
10/1 to 14/1
5p in the £
Over 14/1
No deduction
In the case of a non-runner, the deduction will apply according to the non-runner odds right before the withdrawal.
R4 will apply on ‘Day of event race’, less than 48 hours before the race.
If 2 or more horses are withdrawn, the total deduction will not exceed 90p.
Rule 4 deductions will apply to all winning bets placed before the non-runner was declared.
Example: prices available at 9:00 am.
1st non-runner declared: 10:00 am.
Bookmaker applies Rule 4 at 10:05 am.
Winning bets on fixed odds between 9:00 am to 10:05 am will be deducted according to the non-runner's last odds.
2nd non-runner declared: 11:30 am.
Bookmaker applies 2nd Rule 4 at 11:35 am.
Winning bets on fixed odds between 10:06 am to 11:35 am: 2nd rule 4 will apply.
Winning bets on fixed odds between 9:00 am to 10:05 am: 2nd rule 4 will apply but the sum of the deduction will not exceed 90p.
If a horse comes under Starter’s Orders but refuses to race, the bet will be a loser. In all horse races where a runner is withdrawn, or adjudged not to have started - and therefore been declared a Non-Runner by the starter - stakes on that selection will be refunded (The exception to this being Ante Post bets). Bets on the remaining runners in that race, taken at Early Prices or at Board Prices prior to withdrawal, will be subject to a deduction.
Reserves
Some races contain reserves, who may or may not be priced in our early prices lists. The finishing position of any of these reserves will count regardless of whether they are priced or not.
If a reserve horse is offered with an early price and becomes a non-runner, the normal Rule 4 deduction will be applied to all bets struck prior to the non-runner as a result of the withdrawal.
Forecasts
A Straight Forecast is a bet where you name two selections to finish 1st and 2nd in the correct order for a specified event.
A Reverse Forecast is a bet where you name two selections to finish 1st and 2nd in any order for a specific event.
A Combination Forecast is a bet where you choose three or more selections with any of these to finish 1st and 2nd for a specific event.
Forecasts will be accepted only in races of three or more runners and will be settled in accordance with the officially declared SP Computer Forecast Dividend. In races with less than three runners the forecast bet will be declared void. If one of the selections becomes a non-runner in a forecast bet, the total stake will be placed on the other remaining selection as a win single bet at SP.
Example: €1 Forecast AB, where B is a non-runner, bet will be a €1 win single on A.
In races where a horse finishes alone and no forecast dividend is returned then all forecast bets nominating that horse to finish first will be settled as a Win single at SP on the winning horse. All other forecast bets in the race are lost.
In a Combination Forecast, where a selection becomes a non-runner, the total stake of the bet will be divided equally between the possible forecast combinations, using the remaining selections and the forecasts, including the non-runner, becoming singles.
Example 2: A combination forecast (6 bets, total stake €6) ABC, where C is a non-runner, will be settled as:
AC -> single on A
AB -> bet stands
BA -> bet stands
BC -> single on B
CA -> single on A
CB -> single on B
In the event of a dead heat, separate dividends will be declared for all the horses involved in the dead heat and forecast.
Unnamed favourites are not accepted for forecast betting.
Tricasts
A Tricast is a bet where you name the first three selections to finish first, second and third in the correct order for a specified race, in races where a Computer Forecast Dividend is declared.
A Combination Tricast is a bet where you name three selections to finish first, second and third in any order.
Any winning Tricast is paid out according to the official Computer Tricast return which is declared to a £1 stake.
Tricasts are offered on all handicap races in which there are eight or more runners declared. If there are less than 8 runners – all bets will be void.
If one of the selections becomes a non-runner in a tricast bet, the bet will be settled as a forecast on the remaining selections in the order they were selected. If two of the selections become non-runners in a tricast, the bet will be settled as a win single on the remaining runner.
Example: €1 Tricast ABC, where B is a non-runner, will be settled as a €1 Forecast AC.
Example 2: €1 Combination Tricast ABC, where C is a non-runner, will be settled as:
ABC -> bet stands as AB
ACB -> bet stands as AB
BAC -> bet stands as BA
BCA -> bet stands as BA
CAB -> bet stands as AB
CBA -> bet stands as BA
In the event of two or more horses dead-heating for first, second or third place then separate dividends will be declared and paid to each qualifying tricast. In fixed price tricasts the full odds will be paid with the stake being split according to the number of horses which dead-heat.
Unnamed favourites are not accepted for tricast betting.
Tricasts are accepted for singles only.
Favourites
Bets on First and Second favourites are accepted win-only at starting price. Early prices or board prices cannot be taken on unnamed favourites.
The favourite is the horse quoted at the shortest odds in the official starting price.
The second favourite is the horse quoted at the next shortest price.
If two horses are quoted at the same odds and these odds are shorter than those quoted against any other, then these two are equal first favourite and equal second favourite.
If two or more co-favourites are selected, the stake will be divided equally between them and paid at full odds.
Betting Without
Predict the result of a given race excluding a Favourite horse. The finishing position of the Favourite horse will be ignored for bets placed on this market. For example, a bet placed on Cue Card without Don Cossack (favourite) will win if Cue Card wins the race or finishes second to Don Cossack. The bet will have lost in all other circumstances.
In markets where we offer 'Betting Without' a nominated selection, the place terms will be based on the remaining number of runners excluding the nominated selection.
Any each-way terms advertised are settled on the actual number of runners who take part in the race, excluding the 'without' selection.
Any rule 4 deductions will still apply and will be based on the price of the withdrawn runner in that market at the time of withdrawal.
Betting Without bets are settled ignoring the finishing position of the nominated ‘without’ runner. Where the nominated ‘without’ selection is withdrawn before the start of a race, all bets on any of the field in this market stand.
Where the nominated “Without” selection is withdrawn before the start of a race, all bets on any of the field in this market stand.
If 2 or fewer runners start the race, bets will be void.
Normal dead-heat rules apply.
Place Only Betting
Place Only 2 - Predict a horse to finish in one of the first two places. Place only bets are accepted on horse races of five or more runners.
Place Only 3 - Predict a horse to finish in one of the first three places. Place only bets are accepted on horse races of eight or more runners.
In the event of a horse being withdrawn, not under starter’s orders, stakes on that selection will be returned. Bets for the remaining horses in the race will be subject to a deduction in accordance with the Rule 4 table below based on the price in the Place Only market of the withdrawn horse(s) at the time of withdrawal.
Place Only Rule 4 Deductions Table
Amount deducted from winnings
Price of non-runner at time of withdrawal
Place Only 2
Place Only 3
Place Only 4
1/18 or longer odds on
50p in the £
35p in the £
25p in the £
1/9 to 1/16
45p in the £
30p in the £
25p in the £
2/11 to 2/17
45p in the £
30p in the £
20p in the £
1/4 to 1/5
40p in the £
30p in the £
20p in the £
3/10 to 2/7
40p in the £
25p in the £
20p in the £
2/5 to 1/3
35p in the £
25p in the £
20p in the £
8/15 to 4/9
35p in the £
25p in the £
15p in the £
8/13 to 4/7
30p in the £
20p in the £
15p in the £
4/5 to 4/6
30p in the £
20p in the £
15p in the £
20/21 to 5/6
25p in the £
20p in the £
15p in the £
Evens to 6/5
25p in the £
15p in the £
10p in the £
5/4 to 6/4
20p in the £
15p in the £
10p in the £
13/8 to 7/4
20p in the £
15p in the £
10p in the £
15/8 to 9/4
15p in the £
10p in the £
10p in the £
5/2 to 3/1
15p in the £
10p in the £
No Deduction
10/3 to 4/1
10p in the £
10p in the £
No Deduction
9/2 and above
No Deduction
If 2 or more horses are withdrawn, the total deduction will not exceed 90p.
If the selected horse is withdrawn from a race after coming under starter’s orders, bets placed on that horse will have lost as the horse will be deemed to have been a participant in the race.
In the event of non-runners, the number of places paid will remain the same, unless the number of runners in the race is equal to or less than the number of places paid, in which case all bets will be void. This market is settled on the official place terms of the race. If an 8 horse race with each way terms of 3 places is reduced to a race of 7 or less runners, we will still pay 3 places on the Place Only market.
Normal dead-heat rules apply.
Match Betting
Predict a horse to finish one place ahead of another horse in a direct Head-To-Head during Race event.
A Match bet is based on one selection beating another according to the specific conditions advertised. Dead heat rules apply unless a tie price is made available (e.g. for a handicap match bet). One of the two selections in any match bet must complete the course for the bets to stand, otherwise bets are void.
Both selections must start for bets to stand, otherwise Match Bets are void.
Settlement of bets will be based on the official declared result.
If neither horse finishes a race with hurdles/fences, the number of hurdles/fences successfully completed in the race will determine the winner.
Last Revision: 16 March 2020 (Version: #6)
Ice hockey
Ice Hockey
All games must start on the scheduled date (local stadium time) for bets to have action. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
If a match venue is changed, bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
Games must run for a minimum of 55 minutes for action. If a game is suspended before 55 complete minutes are played, all bets on the outcome of the game are refunded unless otherwise stated, except for bets on any markets that have been unconditionally determined.
All markets, both pre-live and live betting, have the settlement period for the game specified inside brackets, clarifying whether overtime is included in that market. Please refer to the naming as follows: [Excluding OT] and [Including OT]. The only exceptions are "FT ML, HC and OU - see pre-live and live sections for full details.
Statistics provided by the official website of the relevant competition will be used to settle wagers. In the absence of an official website, or when significant conflicting evidence is present, bets will be settled based on an official score provider.
Pre-Live Betting
Pre-Live betting will be settled according to the final score including overtime (and penalty shootout if needed) or excluding overtime, depending on the terms of the specific bet market. The results of matches decided by a penalty shootout will include the entire penalty shootout as one goal for the winning team.
Friendly and friendly international live matches will be settled based on regulation score unless otherwise stated.
In
Pre-Live betting the following bet types will be settled
excluding overtime:
FT Winner (3 Way Moneyline)
FT Puck Line
FT OU
3 Way Total Goals OU
Periods – All Periods bet types (1st, 2nd, 3rd) are settled Excluding Overtime
Draw No Bet
Exact Score
Race To Goals (2,3,4,5)
Time Of 1st Goal
Double Chance
Number Of Goals
Number Of Team Goals
Both Teams To Score
Highest Scoring Period
3 Way Handicap
To Win To Nil
Method Of Winning
First To Score
Last To Score
Winning Margin
1st Period/Full Time
Asian Lines - - Handicap & OU
In NHL League for
Pre-Live betting the following bet types will be settled
including overtime:
FT Winner (2 Way Moneyline)
FT Puck Line
FT OU
Exact Score
Odd/Even
Winning Margin
Live Betting
Live betting will be settled according to the final score
including overtime (and penalty shootout if needed) unless specified as excluding overtime (see markets below). The results of matches decided by a penalty shootout will include the penalty shootout as one goal for the winning team.
Friendly, Friendly International and Champions League (play-off phase) live matches will be settled based on regulation score unless otherwise stated.
The following bet types will be settled
excluding overtime:
3 Way Moneyline (Regular Time Winner)
3 Way Handicap
3 Way Total Goals OU
Asian Lines – Handicap & OU
Draw No Bet
Double Chance
Next Goal
First to Score
Last to Score
Both Teams To Score
Number of Goals
Number of Team Goals
Exact Score (with draw)
Odd/Even
Race To Goals
Overtime
Periods – All Periods bet types (1st, 2nd, 3rd)
Team To Win Most Periods
Team To Win All 3 Periods
Race To Goals (2,3,4,5)
Both Teams To Score At Least 2 Goals (3 Goals)
To Win To Nil
Winning Margin
Live Betting
The following bet types will be settled
including overtime for all ice hockey leagues:
Handicap FT (2 Way)
When Will Game End
Exact Score (without draw)
Winning Margin
Odd/Even
Total Team Goals (2 Way)
Total Goals (2 Way)
2 Way Money Line
2 Way Handicap
2 Way Over/Under
NHL
NHL bets (pre-match and live) include overtime and penalty shootouts unless specifically stated otherwise.
If a game is decided by a penalty shootout, one goal will be added to the winning team’s score and the game total.
NHL regular time and pre-season match bets are settled on the score at the end of regulation time.
The following NHL bet types will be settled according to
regulation time:
Regular Time Winner (3 Way Moneyline)
Asian Lines – Handicap & OU
Puck Line (Handicap) (3 Way)
Double chance
First To Score
Last To Score
Draw No Bet
Number Of Team Goals
Number Of Goals
Highest Scoring Period
Next Goal
To Win Most Periods
1st To 3 Goals
Total Shots on Goal
Asian Lines – Handicap & OU
Grand Salami – NHL
Predict total number of goals scored in all games scheduled in NHL for that given day. All scheduled games must play three full periods. If any of the games is canceled or abandoned
before three full periods are played, all wagers will be void.
NHL Regular Season Wins
All 82 games must be played for bets to have action. If 81 or less games are played – bets will be voided.
1st/2nd/3rd Period
Bets settled on the first/second/third period result only.
The 3rd period excludes overtime.
The relevant period must be completed for bets to have action.
If a match is abandoned during the second period, all first period bets are still valid.
If a match is abandoned during the third period, all first/second period bets are still valid.
2W ML
Predict the winner of the match including overtime and penalties
Spread
Predict the spread between both teams at the final score.
Spread bets on pre live games (exclude NHL) will be settling with the regulation result.
Spread bets on live events will be settling with the overtime/penalty shootout result.
Examples:
+0.5 You win if your team draws or wins the match.
-0.5 You win if your team wins the match.
Over/Under
Predict the total goals achieved in a match.
Over/Under bets on pre live games (exclude NHL) will be settling with the regulation result.
Over/Under bets on live events will be settling with the overtime/penalty shootout result.
Examples:
Over 2 Bets win if there are three or more goals scored in the match. If there are two goals exactly, the stake is returned. Bets lose if there is 0 or 1 goal scored in the match.
Over 2.5 Bets win if there are three or more goals scored in the match. Bets lose if there are 0, 1 or 2 goals scored in the match.
Under 2.5 Bets win if there are 0, 1 or 2 goals scored in the match. Bets lose if there are three or more goals scored in the match.
Total Goals
Predict the total goals achieved in the match.
Over 2.5 - The bet will be a winner if there are 3 goals or more in the match.
Under 2.5 - The bet will be a winner if there are no goals or less than 3 goals in the match.
3 Way Handicap
In a 3-Way Handicap, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets. Handicap (-1) - You win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of two or more. Tie: You win if the team with (-1) Handicap wins the match with exactly one goal difference. Handicap (+1) - You win if your team draws or win the match.
Regular Time Winner
Predict the winner after regular time only.
Asian HC & OU
Asian markets are settled on the result after Regular Time. Live Asian Handicap bets are settled according to the score for the remainder of the game after the bet was placed. Goals scored before the bet was placed are not included.
Number of Goals
Bet on the total number of goals scored by the two teams within the official 60-minute play. Own goals are counted for betting purposes.
Total Team Goals
Predict the total goals achieved by a named team.
Over 0.5 - The bet will be a winner if the team scores 1 or more goals
Under 0.5 - The bet will be a winner if the team doesn't score
Over 1.5 - The bet will be a winner if the team scores 2 or more goals
Under 1.5 - The bet will be a winner if the team scores 1 goal or less
Own goals are counted for betting purposes.
First to score / Last to score / Next Goal
Which team will score the first/last/next goal in a match. Own goals count to the team credited with the goal.
If an Event is abandoned after a goal was scored then all bets on team of "First to score" will stand, "Last to score" will be void, team of "Next Goal" goal which has already been determined will stand and "Next Goal" which has not been determined will be void.
If an Event is abandoned without any goal being scored, then all "First to score / Last to score" bets will be void.
Draw No Bet
Predict the winner team. In the event of a draw, all bets are void and stakes are refunded.
Both Teams To Score
Yes = both teams to score.
No = either team not to score.
Bets stand if both teams have scored in the match irrespective of if the match is later abandoned.
Winning Margin
Predict the margin in which the winning team will win. Over time and penalty shootouts are included for this bet type for all leagues.
To Qualify
Should a team be disqualified from the tournament prior to the match, and a bye is awarded, all qualification/win the cup bets will be void.
To qualify bets Include overtime/shootouts.
To Win Series
Bets are void if the statutory number of games (according to the respective governing organizations) are not completed or are changed.
Head 2 Head
If one or more contestants fail to start, all bets are considered void and stakes will be refunded.
First/Last/Anytime Goalscorer
Predict if a player will score first/anytime goal in the match. Own goals are ignored for settlement purposes. If an own goal is scored, the previous or the next goal (if there are any) will be taken into consideration for settlement purposes. If only own goals are scored in the match, it will be considered a No Goalscorer result.
For all leagues (including the NHL), bets are settled according to regular time only. Stakes on players not included in the match lineup will be void.
If a match is abandoned after the first goal has already been scored, bets on First Goalscorer market and on Anytime Goalscorer market for players, who have already scored, will stand. All other bets placed on Anytime Goalscorer market will be void.
If a match is abandoned before a first goal is scored, all bets will be void.
Odd/Even
A prediction of whether the total number of accumulated goals in a match will add up to an odd or even number.
Any match resulting in 0-0 will be settled as an even number of goals.
Exact Score
Predict the score at the end of regular time (except NHL).
If an exact score occurs that is not an option in our offer, all bets are lost.
Double Chance
A Double Chance bet allows you to cover two of the three possible outcomes in a Ice Hockey match with one bet.
The following options are available:
1 or X - if the result is either a home win or a draw, bets on this option are winners.
X or 2 - if the result is either a draw or away win, bets on this option are winners.
1 or 2 - if the result is either a home win or an away win, bets on this option are winners.
All bets are valid for regulation time in all leagues
Time of 1st Goal
If a match is abandoned after the first goal is scored, all bets stand.
If a match is abandoned before a goal is scored, all bets are void.
If a match ends without a goal being scored, all bets are void. This Bet Type is settled excluding Overtime.
As soon as a game starts, it is deemed to be in the first minute, so for example, a goal scored after 24 minutes and 16 seconds is settled as having been scored in the 25th minute.
Overtime
Predict whether the game will go to overtime or not
Most Goals
Predict in which period the most goals will be scored.
If 2 or more periods have the same score, all bets will be void.
Most goals excludes overtime (including NHL).
1st To 3 Goals
Predict which team will be the first to score 3 goals. Overtime is included for this bet type for all leagues. All penalty shootouts will be considered as one goal. For example: if team A is the first team to score in a penalty shootout when the regulation time is tied with 2:2, and team B won the penalty shootouts, then team B is the first team to score for this purpose.
Finishing Position
Predict which team will be ahead in final tournament position.
If one or more teams fail to start the tournament, all bets are considered void and stakes will be refunded.
Shots on Goal
Shots on Goal is similar to Handicap and Over/Under Wager.
Win/loss is determined by the number of shots on target by both teams, then comparing with the handicap given before the game start.
Relegation
If a team is removed from the league/tournament before the season has started, all bets on that market will be void, and a new relegation book will be opened.
Winner
Bets settled on final league/tournament position include playoffs.
Group Winner
Bets settled on final Group position.
Series score
Bets are void if the statutory number of games (according to the respective governing organizations) are not completed or are changed.
Elimination Stage
Predict in which stage of a tournament a team will be eliminated.
Penalty
Predict which penalty type will be first to be awarded.
Team To Win All 3 Periods
Predict if one of the two Teams will win all of the three Periods in the match.
Race To Goals (2,3,4,5)
Predict which of the two Teams will reach the goals figure first. Neither Team added as an optional selection.
Both Teams To Score At Least 2 Goals (3 Goals)
Predict if both of the Teams will score 2 or more goals in the match.
To Win To Nil
Predict which of the two Teams will manage to win the match without conceding a goal in regular time.
Highest Scoring Period
Predict which of the three Periods will have most goals scored in it.
Method Of Winning
Predict what will be the winning method of the match – after: Regular Time, Overtime or Penalties
1st Period/Full Time
Predict which of the two Teams will be winning at the end of the 1st Period and of Regular Time in one combined bet type.
Players
If the relevant player doesn’t get any playing time in the match, bets on him will be void. Any stats achieved in overtime (if played) will be taken into account for settlement purposes. Win/Loss is determined by a comparison between the stats achieved by the named player and a pre-given number of stats.
A settlement will be made according to the statistics provided by the official site of the Tournament in which the game is played.
Last Revision: 20 November 2020 (Version #15)
MMA/UFC
MMA/UFC
Bets will be settled on the official result announced at the end of the fight. Subsequent appeals/amendments do not affect settlement (unless the amendment was made due to human error when announcing the result).
Fights ending in a “No Contest” will have all bets void and stakes returned.
If a fighter withdraws or the referee stops the fight between rounds the fight will be deemed to have finished in the previous round.
If an event is postponed, cancelled, either fighter is replaced or the number of rounds in a fight change then all bets will be void and stakes returned.
If the fight does not take place as scheduled and is not played on the same date (local time) all bets are void. Exceptions are
1) if we advertise an incorrect start time and 2) if we set up a fight using an expected date before the exact date is known. Once an official announcement is made regarding the fight date the fight will be corrected to the official date and will then be subject to normal rules.
Winners
If the fight results in a draw all bets on the moneyline will be void and stakes returned unless the draw option was included in the offered market.
Method of Victory and Exact Method of Victory
If the fight is stopped due to an injury or disqualification either by the referee or the doctor then this will be considered a Technical Knockout (TKO)
In the event of a Technical Decision all markets will be settled as a decision or points victory. In the event of a Technical Draw all markets will be settled as a draw.
Fight To Go the Distance
If the bout ends in a Technical Draw (Draw decision prior to the end of the scheduled amount), then distance bets will stand. In the case of a No Contest then bets will be void.
A Technical Submission will be settled as a submission.
Fight to go the distance
Yes will only be settled a winner if the full amount of scheduled rounds have been completed.
Round Betting
In the event of a Technical Decision all markets will be settled as a decision or points victory. In the event of a Technical Draw all markets will be settled as a draw.
Total Rounds
For settlement purposes where a half round is stated then 2 minutes 30 seconds of the respective round will define the half to determine under or over. For example: Over 2 minutes and 30 seconds into the 2nd round will equal Over 1.5 rounds. In the event of a Technical Decision or Technical Draw the market will be settled by the point the fight was stopped.
Fighter to Win by Finish
To win by finish means to win by KO/TKO/Disqualification, submission or any other form of stoppage. Any decision made by the judges will not count as a finish.)
Last Revision: 31 January 2020 (Version: #2)
Motor racing
Motor Racing & Motorbikes
If a race or qualifier is postponed for any reason, all wagers will remain valid for 48 hours.
Formula One Racing - Race Outright
All race bets are settled on the official classification from the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the sports governing body, at the time of the podium presentation.
Championship Outright
Wagers will be graded as per FIA classification immediately after the final race of the Season and will not be affected by any subsequent penalties or demotions.
Constructors
Each participant is priced to be the top constructor over the Formula 1 season in accordance with Constructors Championship standings, and rules as specified by the FIA.
First Retirement
Predict the driver or the car that will retire first. First Retirement bets will have action once the 1st formation lap starts. A winning bet is on the constructor or driver of the first car to retire. Should more than one car/driver retire on the same lap then dead-heat rules apply.
Fastest Lap
Predict the player who will make Fastest Lap. The official FIA result at the time of the podium presentation for the race will be used.
Podium Position
Predict the player who will finish in Top 3.
The result for settlement is at the time of the podium presentation.
Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Head to Head
Predict on which of Players will finish in a higher position.
Both drivers must start the race for bets to be valid.
Two drivers may be paired for betting purposes and prices offered on which of them will finish in a higher position in a specific race.
In the event neither driver finishes the race, the driver completing more laps will be deemed the winner. If both drivers have completed the same number of full laps, bets will be void.
NASCAR - Outright Race
The Official NASCAR winner of the race shall be the winner of the race for wagering purposes; this includes all raceswhich are halted prematurely for any reason.
Any drivers who do not qualify for the race will be deemed no action, i.e. all bets on such driver will be declared void.
Rally
All race bets are settled on the official classification as defined by the official race organizers and will not be affected by any subsequent enquiries.
MOTORBIKES - Championship Outright
All-in compete or not. Bets will be determined by the number of points accumulated following the podium presentation of the final race of the season and will not be affected by any subsequent enquiries.
Race Outright
Predict the player that will win the race.
Non-Runner no-bet.
The podium positions will be used to determine the winner for betting purposes.
Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Top 6 Finish
Predict the player who will finish in Top 6.
The result for settlement is at the time of the podium presentation. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Top 10 Finish
Predict the player who will finish in Top 10.
The result for settlement is at the time of the podium presentation. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Fastest Qualifier
Predict on who will be Fastest in Qualify.
Official lap times as recorded by the FIA will be used for settlement. Drivers must record a lap time in the specified session of practice for bets to stand.
Practice 1 Winner
Predict on who will be Winner in Practice 1.
Official lap times as recorded by the FIA will be used for settlement. Drivers must record a lap time in the specified session of practice for bets to stand.
Practice 2 Winner
Predict on who will be Winner in Practice 2.
Official lap times as recorded by the FIA will be used for settlement. Drivers must record a lap time in the specified session of practice for bets to stand.
Practice 3 Winner
Predict on who will be Winner in Practice 3.
Official lap times as recorded by the FIA will be used for settlement. Drivers must record a lap time in the specified session of practice for bets to stand.
Winning Team
Predict on race car winner.
All cars will be deemed as runners. The podium positions will be used to determine 1st, 2nd and 3rd for betting purposes.
Winning Nationality
Predict on the nationality of the driver that will win the race.
Winning Margin
Predict on winning margin between winning car and others.
Bets will be settled on the official FIA result at the time of the podium presentation.
Grid Position of the Winner
Predict the starting position of the race winner.
Settlement will be based on the driver’s final position on the FIA’s official classification at the time of the podium presentation and the driver’s grid position at the start of the race. To receive a finishing position the driver must be a classified finisher in accordance with the FIA’s rules. Any bet on a driver who is classed as retired on the official FIA classification and not given a finishing position is deemed a loser. Any driver not starting the race from their designated grid position, including from the pit lane, will be declared void.
Leader After 1st Lap
Predict
on who will be leading after 1 Lap.
For settlement purposes the winner is deemed to be the driver leading the race as they cross the start/finish line after one classified race lap (formation lap not included). In the event of one lap not being fully completed all bets will be void. In the event that a race starts under safety car conditions, bets placed on this market will stand.
Leader After 5 Laps
Predict
on who will be leading after 5 Laps.
For settlement purposes the winner is deemed to be the driver leading the race as they cross the start/finish line after one classified race lap (formation lap not included). In the event of one lap not being fully completed all bets will be void. In the event that a race starts under safety car conditions, bets placed on this market will stand.
Leader After 10 Laps
Predict
on who will be leading after 10 Laps.
For settlement purposes the winner is deemed to be the driver leading the race as they cross the start/finish line after one classified race lap (formation lap not included). In the event of one lap not being fully completed all bets will be void. In the event that a race starts under safety car conditions, bets placed on this market will stand.
Qualification Winning Team
Predict
the car that will win qualification.
Official qualifying times as recorded by the FIA will be used for settlement. For Fastest Qualifier and Qualifying Session 3 Winning Car markets, times recorded in the third session only count. If for some reason the third session does not take place we will settle on the official grid as formed by the FIA. Grid position penalties/subsequent disqualifications do not apply for settlement purposes. However, qualifying time penalties (as specified by the FIA) will. Drivers must start the first session of qualifying for bets to stand. For fastest in qualifying session 1 and 2, drivers must start the specified session of qualifying for bets to stand.
Qualification Winning Margin
Predict on the winning margin between winning car and others.
Bets will be settled on the official FIA result at the time of the podium presentation.
Winner Without
Prediction of who will be the winner without a leader completing the first position.
All race bets are settled on the official classification from the Federation Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA), the sport’s governing body, at the time of the podium presentation without race winner
Last Revision: 05 March 2020 (Version #3)
Multimatch
Multimatch
Multimatch is a new set of betting markets covering a group of events that all start at, or around the same time.
The markets are settled based on the aggregate result of all the matches.
For example, if on a Tuesday night six Champions League matches start at the same time (22:00), the In-Play Aggregate markets cover all six games. Players can then bet in-play on the aggregate for all six games, such as Over/Under 22.5 goals.
Note: Multimatch is currently only available on mobile.
The Multimatch Event View can be accessed from:
An icon on the Live Carousel
Live Summary on Homepage
Links on the Hamburger Menu (both Sports and Live Tabs)
It contains Statistics and Incidents Widgets updated in real time using the Sports Data API.
If one of the matches in the aggregated event, is delayed with more than 5 minutes or postponed/abandoned, then the whole aggregated event will be cancelled.
1X2 - Match Winner
Predict the final result of the aggregated event. All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
FT Asian HC
Predict which team will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied, excluding the handicap draw.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
FT O/U
Predict the total goals scored in the aggregated event. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Goals
Predict alternative total goals scored in the aggregated event. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Team Goals
Predict total goals scored by a certain side in the aggregated event.
If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
All Teams To Score
Predict whether all teams in the aggregated event with score at least one goal each. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Winning Margin
Predict the team to win the match and the victory margin. All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
3way Handicap
Predict which team will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied, including the handicap draw. All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Halftime/Fulltime
Predict the result of the aggregated event at halftime and at the end of regular time. All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
First Team To Score
Predict which team will score the first goal in the aggregated event. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Last Team To Score
Predict which team will score the last goal in the aggregated event. All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
1st Home Team To Score
Predict which home team will score first in the aggregated event. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
1st Away Team To Score
Predict which away team will score first in the aggregated event. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
All Home Teams To score
Predict whether all the home teams in the aggregated event will score at least one goal each. If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Goals 1st Half
Predict the total goals scored in the 1st Half of the aggregated event. If the half is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Team Goals 1st Half
Predict alternative total goals scored in the 1st Half of the aggregated event. If the half is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
All Away Teams to Score
Predict whether all the away teams in the aggregated event will score at least one goal each.
If the event is not completed, then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Last Revision: 09 May (Version: #1)
Netball
Netball
In the event of a match starting but not being completed all bets will be void unless stated otherwise in the rules. All bets will be settled based on the regular time result only, unless otherwise stated in the rules.
If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, then bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
If a match is postponed or abandoned for any reason all bets will be void, unless re-arranged and played in the same day or stated otherwise in the rules. An exception is made if we advertise incorrect starting time.
If a market is offered as 2Way and happened to finish with a draw result, Push rules apply.
Outright
Predict the winner of the league/tournament. Bets will be settled according to the final standings, including playoffs if played, unless otherwise stated.
Money Line
Predict the outcome:
1 – Home team wins
X – Draw
2 – Away team wins
Spread
Predict the winner, applying the given handicap (spread) to the result.
Over/Under
Predict whether the total points scored by both teams will be over or under a given number.
1st/2nd Half
Bets (money line, spread, over/under) on halves will be settled according to the relevant half score only. A relevant Half must be completed for bets to stand, unless they are already determined. If the game is suspended in the second half, first half bets will be settled, the others will be void.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th Quarter
Bets (money line, spread, over/under) on quarters will be settled according to the relevant quarter result only. A relevant quarter must be completed for bets to stand, unless they are already determined. If the game is suspended - bets on finished quarters will be settled, while bets on running as well as not started quarters will be void, unless bets on the running quarter are already determined. For example: a game is suspended in the 3rd quarter:
- bets on 1st and 2nd quarters will be settled
- if there are any O/U bets on the 3rd quarter that could be settled, they would be
- all other bets will be void.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Other sports
Other Sports
All games must start on the scheduled date (local time) for bets to have action.
Abandoned or postponed matches are void unless rearranged and played in the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
Should any match be played prior to the date or start time denoted then bets will stand provided the wager is placed not later than the revised start time.
If a match venue is changed then bets will be void unless stated otherwise.
In 2-way markets push rules apply unless otherwise stated. Stakes on single bets are returned, and in multiples/parlays the selection is treated as a non-runner.
For the Olympics, following rules will apply:
- The podium presentation will determine the settlement of the bets.
- Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Athletics
For Outright bets, all bets stand except for those placed on competitors not competing in first round /qualification.
Aussie Rules
All bets will be settled including overtime unless otherwise stated. Regulation time must be completed for bets to stand unless otherwise stated.
If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed then bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
Archery
For Outright bets, all bets stand except for those placed on competitors not competing in first round /qualification.
Badminton
In the event of any of the named players in a match changing before the match starts then all bets will be void.
If the event starts but not being completed then all bets will be void.
Beach volleyball
In the event of any of the named players in a match changing before the match starts all bets will be void.
In the event of a match starting but not being completed then all bets will be void.
Beach Soccer
Predict the result at the end of normal time. Normal time is 36 minutes of play.
If a match is postponed bets are void.
If a match starts but is not completed match bets will be settled on the official result. Other markets will be void unless a winning market has already been established.
Curling
Full Time Money Line
Predict which team will win the match. If the match is not completed, all bets are void.
Full Time Handicap
Predict which team will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied. All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Full Time Over/Under
Predict the total number of points in the match. If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Outright
Predict the team that will win the tournament. Bets will be settled on the official standings.
Cycling
All bets are settled on the result at the time of the podium presentation. Any disqualification or appeal leading to change in the results made after thatwill not be taken under consideration.
Bets made on players who don’t start relevant race will be voided.
Race/Stage Winner
Predict which cyclist or team will win the Race/Stage in question.
Individual/Team Head 2 Head
Predict which team/cyclist will achieve higher finishing position in the race. All teams/cyclists in question should start the race, otherwise bets will be voided. At least one of the teams/cyclists in question should finish the race, otherwise
bets will be voided.
Special bets
Predict the winner of a special category in the race, such as 'King of the Mountains', 'Best sprinter', 'Best young player' etc., which are awarded with relevant coloured jersey (red, green, white, etc.)
Fencing
Outright Betting is all-in compete or not. Where applicable the podium presentation will determine the settlement of bets. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
To Win Match - Prices are offered for each participant to win the duel and in the event of a draw all bets will be void and stakes returned. If either participant is replaced with another fighter all bets will be void and stakes returned.
Floorball
General rules
All games must start on the scheduled date (local stadium time) for bets to have action. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
If a match venue is changed, bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
All match markets will be settled on the score at the end of regular time and will exclude overtime if played, unless otherwise stated.
Period Betting - The relevant period must be completed for bets to have action, unless the specific market outcome is already determined.
All relevant markets, available either for pre-live or live betting, has been specified at the end of the respective bet type inside square brackets, clarifying how the settlement will affect the selections. Please refer to the naming
as follows: [Excluding OT] and [Including OT]. The only exceptions are FT ML, HC and OU - see pre-live and live sections for full details.
Specific Market Rules
First To Score [Excluding OT] – If the match is abandoned before a goal is scored then bets will be void.
Total Goals Odd/Even [Excluding OT] – If there is no score all bets will be settled as Even.
Winning Margin [Excluding OT] – includes Tie.
Highest Scoring Period – Predict the highest scoring period. Excludes overtime, if 2 or more periods have the same score, Draw will be settled as the result.
1st period/ Full Time – Predict the winner at the end of the 1st Period and the Full Time winner.
Race To X Goals [Excluding OT] – includes Neither.
Settlement
All settlements are based on the statistics and results provided by the official website of the league’s governing body on the day of the game, unless otherwise stated.
Pesapallo
General rules
All games must start on the scheduled date (local stadium time) for bets to have action. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect start time.
If a match venue is changed, bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed, bets placed based on the original listing will be void.
All match markets will be settled on the score at the end of the 8th inning and will exclude extra inning if played, unless otherwise stated.
Innings/Periods Betting - The relevant period must be completed for bets to have action, unless the specific market outcome is already determined.
Specific Market Rules
First To Score – If the match is abandoned before a goal is scored then bets will be void.
Total Goals Odd/Even – If there is no score all bets will be settled as Even.
Winning Margin – Includes Tie.
Highest Scoring Period – Excludes extra inning, if 2 or more periods have the same score, Draw will be settled as the result.
Team with Highest Scoring Inning - Excludes extra inning. Predict the team with highest scoring inning. Push rule apply.
Double Result – Predict the winner at the end of the 1st Period and the Full Time Winner
Race To X Runs – includes Neither.
Settlement
All settlements are based on the statistics and results provided by the official website of the league’s governing body on the day of the game, unless otherwise stated.
Futsal
All match markets will be settled on regulation time, unless stated otherwise.
Regulation time must be completed for bets to stand unless otherwise stated.
Hockey
If the event takes place at a different venue then bets will be made void and stakes returned.
All match odds are based on the result at the end ofa scheduled 70 minutes play unless otherwise stated. Bets are settled on the score standing at the end of the scheduled 70 minutes including any added injury or stoppage time. This scheduled
period does not include extra time or time allocated for a penalty stroke shootout. Any hockey match abandoned before the completion of 70 minutes play will be void unless the match is rearranged and played the in the same day0.
Horse Riding (Equestrian)
All-in compete or not. The podium presentation will determine the settlement of bets. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets. Bets stand regardless of riders changing named horses during an event.
Judo
All match markets will be settled on regulation time, unless stated otherwise.
Regulation time must be completed for bets to stand unless otherwise stated.
Kabaddi
Match Betting
Unless stated otherwise, all bets will be settled based on the score at the end of the scheduled 40 minutes regulation time and excluding extra time if played. If the scheduled 40 minutes is not played then bets will be void, with the exception
of markets where the result has already been determined. The following markets include Extra Time/Golden Raid for settlement purposes:
To Win in Extra Time/Golden Raid
If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match play the fixture at the away team venue then bets will stand providing the home
team is still officially designated as such, otherwise bets will be void. Any postponed or cancelled matches will be treated as a non-runner for settling purposes unless it is played within 48 hours of the original start time.
Half Betting
The designated half must be completed for bets to stand, unless the outcome of the specific market is already determined; and exclude extra time, if played.
Total Under/Over markets
All bets will be settled based on the score at the end of the scheduled 40 minutes regulation time and excluding extra time if played. If the scheduled 40 minutes is not played then bets will be void, with the exception of markets where the
result has already been determined.
Muay Thai
An event is only considered to have started when the bell is sounded for the beginning of the first round. All bets will be void if one or both fighters fail to start the event. All bets will be considered valid regardless of any colour change
of the fighters. The Red or Blue colours designated to fighters are strictly for reference purposes only. All bets will be settled based on the official decision given in the ring immediately after the end of the event. Subsequent changes
to the result are not recognized for betting purposes.
FT ML
Predict the outcome of the fight.
FT Spread
Predict the winner of the event. Where the event is declared a draw, all bets will be void.
FT O/U
Predict whether the fight will finish under or over a specified number of rounds.
For “Total Rounds” settlement purposes, 1 minutes and 30 seconds will represent half a round (if the round lasts for 3 minutes). For example, for a bet on “Over 1.5 rounds” to be a winner, the fight must last beyond 1 minutes and 30 seconds
in round 2. If the number of rounds in a fight is changed after “Total Rounds” markets have been set, then all bets on these markets will be void.
If a fighter withdraws in the period between rounds, the fight will be deemed to have ended in the previous round for “Round Betting” settlement.
Kayak
The competitors must pass the starting line for bets to stand, otherwise bets will be void.
Gymnastics
The competitors must start one round for bets to stand, otherwise bets will be void.
Pesapallo
1X2 Money Line & Total Runs Over/Under are counted after two periods (four innings both). Bets do not include possible extra inning or a scoring contest, unless otherwise stated. If a match is interrupted and not played within 12 hours - all
undecided bets are considered void. All bets are settled based on the official results.
Rowing
In the event of a race starting but not being completed then all bets will be void.
Shooting
The competitors must start one round for bets to stand, otherwise bets will be void.
Sumo
In the event of a draw all bets will be void and stakes returned.If either fighter is replaced with another fighter all bets will be void and stakes returned.
Surfing
Outright bets predict the winner of the league/tournament. Bets will be settled according to the final standings, unless otherwise stated.
Swimming
The competitors must pass the starting line for bets to stand, otherwise bets will be void.
Sailing
All-in compete or not. Where applicable the podium presentation will determine the settlement of bets. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets. To Win Match - In the event of a race starting but not being completed
then the player/team progressing to the next round or being awarded the victory will be deemed the winner for settlement purposes.
Triathlon
The competitors must pass the starting line for bets to stand, otherwise bets will be void.
Trotting
All bets on Trotting will be settled from the official source for the relevant country. Based on the official result, the horse with the highest finishing position will be deemed the winner. Unless otherwise stated, if a selection does not
participate in a race, all bets on that selection will be settled as losers.
If more than one horse wins the race then Dead Heat rules apply. When a dead heat occurs for first place, the stake money on the winning selection will be divided by the number of winners, with full odds paid at the reduced stake.
If a race is cancelled or postponed, all bets on the race will be void.
Taekwondo
Outright Betting is all-in compete or not. Where applicable the podium presentation will determine the settlement of bets. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Prices are offered for each fighter to win the fight and in the event of a draw all bets will be void and stakes returned. If either fighter is replaced with another fighter all bets will be void and stakes returned.
Water Polo
All match markets will be settled on regulation time, unless stated otherwise.
Regulation time must be completed for bets to stand unless otherwise stated.
In the event of a match starting but not being completed then bets will be void.
Weight Lifting
All-in compete or not. The podium presentation will determine the settlement of bets. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Wrestling
The podium presentation will determine the settlement of bets. Subsequent disqualifications and/or appeals will not affect bets.
Last Revision: 20 November 2020 (Version: #7)
Politics
Politics
All Politics markets are singles only. Unless otherwise stated, if a selection does not participate in an event, all bets on that selection will be settled as losers.
Settlement of Politics markets will be determined based on results that are publicly announced by the official organizers of the events, where relevant. In the absence of an official organizer of an event, bets will be settled based on information sourced from reliable media sources.
Interim leaders do not count as winning selections.
UK Elections
All betting within a given election is singles only. Accumulative bets accepted in error will be settled as singles with the stake apportioned.
Settlement of all bets will be based on the total votes cast and counted at the time of the election, and not on any subsequent legal challenge.
Party Totals will be counted based on the party that the elected MPs stood for in the election, and will not be altered based on any subsequent defections. The Speaker, if seeking re-election, will not count as an MP of any party.
*Any constituency that has its election postponed from the normal polling day will not count for settlement purposes. Constituency betting on such a seat will be made void.
Bets on an Overall Majority require the Party to win an absolute majority of the seats contested on polling day (e.g. 326 out of 650). If no party does so then “No Majority” will be settled as the winner. If some MPs [e.g. Sinn Fein] do not take their seats that does not change the requirement under this rule.
Next Government and Prime Minister after the next General Election
will be settled based on the first government formed after the General Election. For the avoidance of doubt, that government must pass a Queen’s Speech or win a confidence motion in the House of Commons. For a party to be considered part of a coalition they must have representation in the Cabinet. A minority government is one in which the parties forming a coalition have fewer than 326 seats.
Turnout bets will be settled on UK-wide turnout on the normal polling day. Vote Share Betting, including Most Votes, will apply on GB seats only (so excluding Northern Ireland) unless otherwise specified.
Next Party Leader Markets Temporary, interim, or caretaker leaders do not count.
US Elections
All bets are settled on the winner of the election and not on the person who is inaugurated.
Bets on Total U.S. Electoral College Votes will be settled based on the vote in each state (and in each Congressional district in Maine and Nebraska) on the day of the election, and not on the actual meeting of the electoral college.
US Primaries and Caucuses: All markets will be settled on vote share, and not on the national delegate count arising from the vote. Where vote share is not declared, as in some caucuses, then we will use the number of state delegates or equivalents won to settle the market.
Next Party Leader Markets Temporary, Interim and Caretaker leaders do not count, bets will be settled on the candidate who is announced as the permanent new party leader following the outcome of a leadership vote or any other selection process..
Last Revision: 02 December 2019 (Version: #4)
Rugby
Rugby League / Union
All games must start on the scheduled date (local stadium time) for bets to have action.
If a match is postponed or abandoned for any reason all bets are void, unless re-arranged and played on the same day or stated otherwise in the rules. The exception is if we advertise an incorrect kick off time.
Unless otherwise stated Rugby 7s (sevens) & 10s (tens) match bets are settled on the specific tournament regulation play and exclude extra-time (overtime) if played.
All Rugby bets are settled on 80 minutes’ play. The term “80 minutes’ play” includes any stoppage time unless otherwise stated.
If a venue is changed from the one advertised then all bets on that match are void. In the event of a change of opponent from the one advertised, then all bets for that match are void.
1st Half
Bets are settled on the first half result only.
Bets are void if the match is abandoned before half time.
If a match is abandoned during the second half then all first half bets are still valid.
2nd Half
Bets are settled on the second half result only.
10 Minute Betting
Includes: 2 Way/3 Way Money Line; Handicap; Over/Under; Total Tries; Total Team Tries; Total Team Points; Winning Margin.
Predict the game Score after the first 10 minutes of the match. The designated 10 minute period must be completed for bets to stand. All bets are settled according to the Result determined between kick-off and 9:59 minutes.
Team to Score most Tries 3 Way Money Line and Handicap
Predict which Team will score the most Tries in the match.
1st Team Try
Predict which team will score the first try in the match.
Will The 1st Try Be Converted?
Predict whether or not the first try in the match will be converted.
Total Match Points
Predict the total number of points scored in the match.
Total Match Tries
Predict whether the total number of tries scored in the match will be over or under a specific figure.
Total Team Points Odd/Even
Predict whether the total number of points scored by the home/away team in the match will be an odd or an even number.
Total Team Tries Odd/Even
Predict whether the total number of tries scored by the home/away team in the match will be an odd or an even number.
Total Team Points – Home and Away
Predict the total points scored by the home/away team in the match.
Total Team Tries – Home and Away
Predict the total tries scored by the home/away team in the match.
Draw No Bet
Predict which team will win the match in 80 minutes, excluding the draw.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
3 Way Handicap
Predict which team will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied, including the handicap draw.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Winning Margin 5 Way
Predict the winning margin and team of the match.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Winning Margin 17 Way
Predict the winning margin and team of the match.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Double Result/Half Time – Full Time
Predict the correct result at half time and at full time.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
First Scoring Play 6 Way
Predict the first scoring play and team of the match.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Team A Points
Predict the total number of Team A points in the match.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Team B Points
Predict the total number of Team B points in the match.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Tries
Predict the total number of tries in the match.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Team A Tries
Predict the total number of Team A tries in the match.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Team B Tries
Predict the total number of Team B tries in the match.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Half Time 3 Way Winner
Predict which team will be winning at half time, including the draw.
If the half is not completed then all bets are void.
Half Time Draw No Bet
Predict which team will be winning at half time, excluding the draw.
If the half is not completed then all bets are void.
Half Time 3 Way Handicap
Predict which team will be winning at half time after the handicap score have been applied, including the draw.
If the half is not completed then all bets are void.
Half Time 2 Way Handicap
Predict which team will be winning at half time after the handicap score have been applied, excluding the draw.
If the half is not completed then all bets are void.
1st Half Points
Predict the total number of points at half time.
If the half is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Race to 10,20,30,40 Points
Predict which team will reach the designated points total first, including neither team.
If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Total Points Odd/Even
Predict whether the total number of points in the match will be odd or even.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Alternative 2 Way Handicap
Predict which team will win the match after the handicap scores have been applied.
All bets will be void if the match is not completed.
Alternative Total Points
Predict the total number of points in the match. If the match is not completed then all bets are void unless the market has already been determined.
Race To Points
Predict which team will be the first to reach desired certain number of points – Home Team / Away Team / Neither selections are available for betting.
Time Of 1st Try/Time Of 1st Try 2nd Half
Predict whether the first try will be scored before or after a specific time.
Outright
All bets will be settled on official tournament results. All markets will be settled on the regular season result unless stated otherwise.
Group Winner
Bets are settled on final Group position.
First to score/Last to score
First/Last team to Score means betting on which team will score the first or the last point in a match.
If an Event is completed without any point being scored then all wagers on First/Last Team to Score are void.
If an Event is abandoned after a point is scored then all bets on First Team to Score stand, while bets on Last Team to Score are void. If an Event is abandoned without any point being scored then all wagers on First/Last Team to Score are void.
Halftime/Fulltime
Predict the result of a match at half-time and at full-time.
Example: If you chose 1/X, you bet on the home team tolead in the first half and the match ending in draw.
Highest Scoring Half
Predict in which half most points will be scored.
Bets are void if the match is abandoned.
Winning Margin
Predict which team will win the match and the victory margin. Settlement is executed upon the regular time result only.
Tryscorer Betting
Predict who will be First/Last/Anytime Tryscorer from list of Players. Penalty tries
do not count. In the event of a penalty try, settlement is deferred to the next awarded try.
Bets on players not taking part in the match will be void.
Man of The Match
Bets will be settled in accordance with the man of the match announced by the official broadcaster at the end of the game or on the official broadcasters website.
Outright Betting Without
To predict which team will progress furthest in the tournament without the nominated team listed. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website.
To Reach the Final
To predict if a certain team will make it through to the Final stage of the tournament. Bets settled as loser if team disqualified from tournament. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Stage of Elimination
To predict the exact stage of the tournament in which a certain team gets eliminated. If the nominated team gets disqualified, then all bets on market will be void. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
To Finish Bottom
To predict which team will finish bottom of the league after the completion of the Regular Season. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website.
To Reach Quarter Final
To predict if a certain team will make it through to the Quarter Final stage of the tournament. Bets settled as loser if team disqualified from tournament. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website.
To Reach Semi Final
To predict if a certain team will make it through to the Semi Final stage of the tournament. Bets settled as loser if team disqualified from tournament. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website.
Name the Finalists
To predict which two teams will make it through to the tournament final. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Winning Continent
To predict the Continent of the Tournament Winner. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
First Time Winner
To predict if the Tournament Winner has won the name tournament before. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Winning Hemisphere
To predict the Hemisphere of the Tournament Winner. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Winning Pool
To predict the Pool in which the Tournament Winner will come from. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Top Tryscorer
To predict the player who scores the most tries in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Top Team Tryscorer
To predict the player who scores the most tries in the tournament for the nominated team. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Top Point Scorer
To predict which player will score the most points in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Tournament Red Cards
To predict the total amount of red cards shown in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Tournament Yellow Cards
To predict the total amount of yellow cards shown in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Tournament Tries
To predict the total amount of tries scored in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Tournament Points
To predict the total amount of points scored in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Team Tournament Tries
To predict the total amount of tries scored in the tournament by the specified team. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Team Tournament Points
To predict the total amount of points scored in the tournament by the specified team. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Total Tournament Successful Drop Goals
To predict the total amount of successful drop goals scored in the tournament. This market includes extra time. All bets settled via Official Tournament Website
Last Revision: 05 March 2020 (Version: #6)
Snooker & pool
Snooker & Pool
Non-Runner no-bet - With the exception of bets placed on any player who takes part in a given tournaments' qualifying but fails to qualify for the main tournament. Such bets will be deemed losers for settlement purposes. All participants in a given tournament will be priced to win the tournament outright. Each-Way betting is available. Details are displayed under the competition title.
Moneyline
Predict which player will win the match.
In the event of a match starting but not being completed the player progressing to the next round or being awarded the victory will be deemed the winner for settlement purposes.
In the event of a match not starting at all, all bets are refunded.
Handicap Betting (including Alternatives)/Asian Handicap/Frame Betting/Total Frames(including Alternatives)/Asian Total/Correct Score
If the statutory number of frames in a match are not completed, changed, or different from those offered for betting purposes, bets will be void. In the event of a disqualification or retirement bets will be void.
In the event of a match starting but not being completed for whatever reason or a match not starting at all, all bets are refunded.
Over/Under
If the statutory number of frames in a match are not completed, changed, or different from those offered for betting purposes, bets will be void. In the event of a disqualification or retirement bets will be void.
In the event of a match starting but not being completed for whatever reason or a match not starting at all, all bets are refunded.
1st Frame Markets
In the event of the first frame not being completed bets will be void, unless the outcome has already been determined.
First Legally Potted Colour/To Pot First Ball/To Pot Last Ball - In the event of a re-rack the original frame will count for settlement purposes providing a colour/ball has been potted. Settlement will be determined by official tournament sources. Betting does not include foul shots.
First Frame Player Total Points Odd/Even - For settlement purposes zero counts as Even.
First Frame Total Points – In the event of a re-rack all points count towards First Frame Total. First Frame Breaks – In the event of a re-rack breaks of above 50 and 100 count before and after a re-rack is agreed. First Frame Foul – In the event of a re-rack a foul can occur any time before or after a re-rack is agreed.
1st to 3 Frames
Predict which will be the first to reach 3 Frames.
Either player must win 3 frames for bets to stand.
Match to go to the Deciding Frame
If the original scheduled number of frames in a match are not completed, changed, or different from those offered for betting purposes, bets will be void. All bets void if match is not completed.
147 in the Match
In the event of a match starting but not being completed bets will be void, unless the outcome of the specific market is already determined.
Number of Centuries in the Match
If the original scheduled number of frames in a match are not completed, changed, or different from those offered for betting purposes, bets will be void, unless the outcome has already been determined. In the event of a disqualification or retirement bets will be void.
Highest Break in the Match
In the case of a re-rack only the highest break in the officially counting frame will determine settlement. Dead-heat rules apply. If the original scheduled number of frames in a match are not completed, changed, or different from those offered for betting purposes, bets will be void.
Score After 1st 4 Frames
The first 4 frames must be completed for bets to stand.
Last Revision: 21 March 2019 (Version: #2)
Specials
Specials
All Specials markets are singles only. Unless otherwise stated, if a selection does not participate in an event, all bets on that selection will be settled as losers.
Settlement of Special markets will be determined based on results that are publicly announced by the official organizers of the events, where relevant. In the absence of an official organizer of an event, bets will be settled based on information sourced from reliable media sources.
Eurovision Song Contest
Settlement will be based on the official results. Where applicable dead-heat rules will apply. Bets are settled as losers if a country does not finish a competition, e.g. through disqualification.
Eurovision Song Contest Handicap Betting: Settlement will be at the odds displayed using the actual number of points awarded to each country, adjusted for the handicap.
Match Betting: Bets settled on the country who finishes highest in the official final result. All match bets are offered for the final, unless otherwise stated.
Group Betting (inc Top Nordic, Top Baltic etc.): Bets settled on the country who finishes highest in the official final result. If all countries in the group fail to reach the final all bets will be void.
Any Country To Get Null Points: This market refers to the final only.
Max 12’s Received From The Juries: Bets settled on the number of juries that give a specific country the maximum 12 points, as shown on the official website. Public televoting does not count for the purpose of this market.
Snow on Christmas Day
Snow to be recorded falling at the London Weather Centre for bets placed on snowfall in London, or at other relevant city airports for bets placed on snowfall at all other cities on dates displayed. British Weather Services will determine the final results. Singles only.
Sports Personality of The Year
To Win Outright, Winning Sport, Top Three Finish, Straight Forecast; markets will be settled based on the awards presented on the evening of the ceremony. Dead-heat rules apply.
Match-Ups will be settled based on the official voting figures released after the award ceremony.
Strictly Come Dancing
If two or more are evicted in a single show then the winner will be deemed to be the first participant evicted.
Next Elimination Market: Where one listed participant does not take part then a Rule 4 (Deductions) may apply. Where two or more listed participants do not take part, then the market is void.
Gender of Winner: Settlement is based on the celebrities’ gender.
Match-Ups: The first participant evicted will be deemed the loser.
X Factor
To Be Evicted First: Settlement will be based on the first named participant to be evicted in a specified week/show.
To Be Evicted 2-Way: A Yes/No market will be settled on the result of a specified week/show.
Match-Ups: The act progressing furthest in the competition is deemed the winner. If two acts go in the same week/show, the first participant evicted will be deemed the loser.
For Next Elimination market, where one listed participant does not take part then a Rule 4 (Deductions) may apply. Where two or more listed participants do not take part, then the market is void.
To Finish Bottom In Flash Vote: Winner is the act who is announced to have the lowest votes from the Flash Vote and therefore goes into the sing off. If the Flash Vote does not take place then bets are void. If more than one act is announced as bottom, or if more than one act goes through to the Sing Off from the Flash Vote then dead-heat rules apply.
To Be In Sing Off 2-Way: A Yes/No market will be settled on the result of a specified week/show.
Next Manager to Lose an Act: All participants must perform for bets to stand.If an artist has (solo) listed after their name, and that artist subsequently joins a group, bets will be settled as losers. If a solo artist does not have (solo) listed after their name, and that artist subsequently joins a group, bets will be void.
Bottom 3/Bottom 2: The specified number of acts must be named in a given week/show for bets to stand. Acts named in the bottom 3 or 2 (dependent on market offered) for a specified week/show are deemed winners. Where there is a multiple eviction, bets on this market will be settled on participants evicted. If the bottom 3 or 2 is not clear, then dead-heat rules may apply.
Deadlock: The market is determined as Yes There Will be Deadlock/No There Will Not be Deadlock in a specified week/show. Where the format of the weekly show dictates that deadlock cannot happen (e.g. multiple evictions with no song-off), bets will be void.
First Act Announced Safe: Settlement is determined by the first act announced as safe, in a specified week/show. If it is unclear which act is declared safe first then dead-heat rules may apply. All participants must perform for bets to stand.
Top 3 Finish (Whole Competition): Settlement is based on results of the whole series/competition. Acts placed in the top three of the competition are deemed winners. If the top-three results are unclear, then dead-heat rules may apply.
For Winning Groups/Girls/Over’s/Boys markets’, Winning Manager, Winning Category, First Category to Lose All Acts, First Manager Eliminated; should a listed mentor be replaced by either another existing mentor or a non-listed mentor all bets will stand. For all markets; should an individual participant or group change their name during the course of the series all bets will stand and the new name version will be deemed the same as the original name version for settlement purposes.
Other Reality Shows
Bets will be settled on the official results. If two or more participants are evicted in a specified eviction market and the order of eviction is clear then this will be used for settlement purposes. If the order of eviction is unclear then dead-heat rules will apply. Evictees and walk-outs will be settled as losers. A contestant leaving by other than an eviction before a nomination round has taken place will be deemed a non-runner for that eviction and a Rule 4 (Deductions) may apply. Others may be added to the market at any time.
Last Revision: 28 June 2019 (Version: #3)
Speedway
Speedway
All markets will be settled based on the result after the completion of the final heat (league fixtures) or podium presentation (Individual/Grand Prix competitions).
Subsequent appeals, disqualifications and point deductions do not count.
All of the scheduled heats must be completed for winning margin/correct score bets to stand.
Pre-Live
For Handicap after Heat 8 betting, the first 8 heats of the specified fixture must be completed in full for bets to stand.
Live
If match is abandoned before full completion of meeting then all bets on the match will be void unless the running of the match would not have affected the result.
For Handicap after Heat 8 betting, the first 8 heats of the specified fixture must be completed in full for bets to stand.
Match-Ups
If one or both named drivers in a match-up reach the final, then settlement will be based on their respective finishing position in the final ride-offs.
Total Points
All rides count.
Bonus points do not count.
When Rider Total Points are offered for Grand Prix and European Championship events, settlement will be based on points accumulated in the main round (20 heats) only, and excluding the semi-finals and final ride-off.
If match is abandoned before full completion all bets are void, unless the outcome of the bet has already been determined. In Knockout Cup fixtures ‘Man on Man’ tactical rides do not count towards settlement.
Outrights
Championship - Outright betting will be determined by the positions immediately following the final event of the competition and will not be altered by any subsequent enquiries. Play-offs count.
Grand Prix - Stakes are refunded on non-participants and a Rule 4 deductions may be applied to winning bets.
World Cup Winner - 12 heats must take place for an official result
World Cup Individual betting - 12 heats must take place for an official result
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Table tennis
Table Tennis
General
In the event of any of the named players in a match changing before the match starts all bets will be void. In the event of a match starting but not being completed, all bets will be void, unless the outcome of a bet is already determined.
Match Winner
Predict the winner of the match.
Match Game Handicap
Predict the winner of the match once the game handicap value has been applied.
Match Point Handicap
Predict the winner of the match once the point handicap value has been applied.
Total Points
Predict the total number of points scored in a specified market.
Total Games
Predict the total number of games played in the match.
Correct Score
Predict The correct score in the specified market; i.e. Correct Match Score, Correct Game 1 Score, etc.
Game Handicap
Predict the winner of a specified game once the handicap value has been applied.
Game Total Points
Predict the total number of points that are scored in a specified game.
Next Point Winner
Predict the next competitor to score a point within a specified game.
Lead After
Predict the competitor to lead after a specified number of points in a game.
Race To
Predict the competitor to reach a specified number of points in a game.
Total Points (Odd/Even)
Predict whether the points within a specified market finish odd or even.
Last Revision: 10 April 2020 (Version: #1)
Tennis
Tennis
In the event of any of the following circumstances, all bets will stand:
- A change of schedule and/or day of match
- A change of venue
- A change from indoor court to outdoor court or vice versa
- A change of surface (either before or during a match)
- A delay in the start of a match will not affect the standing of wagers, nor will a suspension, as long as the play is resumed and the match completed.
Winner Full Time including Live Betting
If the full statutory number of sets hasn’t been completed, all bets will be deemed as void.
Asian Handicap & O/U Full Time including Live Betting
Refers to the sets played in the match. Win/loss is determined by the number of sets accumulated by both players. If the full statutory number of sets hasn’t been completed, all bets will be deemed as void. A super tie break is considered as one set for bets on O/U.
Point Winner / 1st Point Winner
Predict which player will win the stated point. The nominated point will be featured in the name of the bet type, for example: 1st set - 5th game – 1st Point Winner. If a point is not played for any reason – it is awarded by the umpire as a penalty point, the game or the match is over before the point is played, a player withdraws, etc. – bets on it will be void. Tie break points will not be counted for this bet type.
Game Winner
Predict which player will win the stated game. The nominated game will be featured in the name of the bet type, for example: 2nd set – 7th game – Winner. If a game is not completed for any reason, bets on it will be void. Tie break points will not be counted for this bet type.
Game Exact Score
Predict the points of the winner and his opponent in the stated game by choosing from the given options. The nominated game will be featured in the name of the bet type, for example: 1st set – 8th game – Exact Score. If a game is not completed for any reason, bets on it will be void.
Game To Deuce
Predict if a score of 40-40 will occur at any stage of the stated game. The nominated game will be featured in the name of the bet type, for example: 1st set – 4th game – Game To Deuce. “Yes”, meaning there will be a score of 40-40 in the game. “No”, meaning that a score of 40-40 will not occur in the game. If a game is not played for any reason or it is abandoned before a score of 40-40 is reached, bets on it will be void. Once a score of 40-40 is reached, bets on that game will be settled, even if the game is abandoned for any reason at a later stage.
Game Total Points
3 way bet type to predict Over, Under or the exact given number of points will be played in a stated game. The nominated game will be featured in the name of the bet type, for example: 1st set – 2nd game – Total Points. If a game is not played for any reason, bets on it will be void. If a game is abandoned due to injury or withdrawal, bets on it will be void, unless the respective settlement is already determined. Tie break points will not be counted for this bet type.
Games including Live Betting
Games betting refer to the games played in the match. Win/loss is determined by the number of games accumulated by both players. Bets will be deemed as void if the full statutory number of sets is not completed, or changed. A tie break is considered as one game for Games purposes. A super tie break is considered as one game for all Games bets.
First/Second/Third/Fourth/Fifth Set (Money Line/Handicap or Over/Under) including Live Betting
Predict the score after 4 played games. If the set is not completed all bets are void, unless the market has been already determined.
Set 1 Score After 4 Games
Predict the score after 4 played games. If the set is not completed all bets are void, unless the market has been already determined.
Set 1 Score After 6 Games
Predict the score after 6 played games. If the set is not completed all bets are void, unless the market has been already determined.
Player To Win At Least One Set / Player To Win At Least Two Sets
Predict if any of the two Players will or will not win at least 1 set during the match.
Predict if any of the two Players will or will not win at least 2 sets during the match.
If there was already one or two finished set(s) bets will be valid for settlement.
Number Of Tiebreaks In Match / Tiebreak Winner In "X" Set
Predict the exact number of Tiebreaks during each match - 1, 2 or 3.
If the full statutory number of sets hasn't been completed, all bets will be deemed as void.
Money Line Winner for each possible set if there is a Tiebreak to be played.
If there is already one or more sets with registered tiebreak winner - all bets for that market will be valid for settlement.
Any Set To Finish To Nil
Predict if there will be a set to finish to nil inside the match.
If there is already one or more sets with registered tiebreak winner - all bets for that market will be valid for settlement.
Total Games Odd/Even
Predict the total number of games inside each match - will they be an even number or an odd number.
If there is already one or more sets with registered tiebreak winner - all bets for that market will be valid for settlement.
Player To Win Most Games
One of the two Players/Teams has to win most of the games during the match to win this market. 1X2 market as the draw (tie) selection means the number of games between the two Players/Teams should be equal.
If there is already one or more sets with registered tiebreak winner - all bets for that market will be valid for settlement.
Exact Score (Set Betting) including Live Betting
Predict the sets score at the end of the match. Bets are void if the full statutory number of sets is not completed, or changed.
Total Player Games including Live Betting
Predict the number of games achieved by a player in a match. Bets will be deemed as void if the full statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. A tie break is considered as one game for Games purposes. A super tie break is considered as one game for all Games bets.
Total Tie Break / Tie Break in a match including Live Betting
Total Tie Break is similar to Over/Under Wager. Win/loss is determined by the number of tie breaks in the match. A super tie break is not considered as a tie break for bets on Total Tie Break. If there was a Tie Break in an unfinished event, bets will be valid. If there's no Tie Break in an unfinished event, bets will be void.
Double Result
Predict a player to win or lose the 1st set and then go on to win or lose the match. Bets will be deemed as void if the full statutory number of sets is not completed.
Total Aces
Total Aces is similar to Asian and Over/Under Wager. Win/loss is determined by the number of aces accumulated by both players. Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void
First Ace
Predict which player will serve the first ace in the match.
Most Aces
Betting on the player to hit most aces in the match
In the event of a player being disqualified or waived, all bets will be void unless the settlement has been determined.
To Win 1st Point
Predict which player will win the first point. All bets placed after the coin toss will be void.
To Win 1st Game
Predict which player will win the first game. All bets placed after the coin toss will be void.
1st to win 3 games
Predict which player will be the first to win three games. All bets placed after the coin toss will be void.
First Break
Predict which player will break the opponent’s service game first. All bets will be void if a break does not take place. All bets placed after the coin toss will be void.
Double Faults
Refers to the double faults served in the match. Win/loss is determined by the number of double faults accumulated by both players. Bets will be deemed as void if the full statutory number of sets is not completed, or changed.
First Double Fault
Predict which player will serve the first double fault in the match.
Most Double Faults
Betting on the player to hit most double faults in the match
In the event of a player being disqualified or waived, all bets will be void unless the settlement has been determined.
Fastest Serve
Predict which player will serve the fastest serve in the match in KM/H or MPH as stated in the bet type name
Outright
Predict the winner of the tournament. In the event of a non-runner, all bets are void.
Winner
Predict the winner of the tournament. The player must start Round 1.
Winning Quarter/Winning Half
Predict the Quarter/Half the winner of the tournament will come from. All players taking part in the tournament are divided into 4 groups (Quarters), with one of the top 4 seeds in each Quarter.
Winning Quarter: choose which Quarter the winning player will come from (eg. 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th). Winning Half: choose which Half the winning player will come from (eg. top or bottom).
To Win a Quarter
Predict the winner of the quarter
Finalists / To reach the final
Predict the players that will reach the final of the tournament.
Head To Head
Predict which player will reach the higher round in (or win) the tournament. In the event of a non-runner, all bets are void. Push rules apply
Stage of Elimination
Player must start the first match of the tournament for bets to be valid.
Match Doubles
Match result with either most aces, least aces, most doubles faults, least doubles faults in the event. (edited) Customer is betting on: which player will win the two named markets
Equal number of aces or equal number of double faults will be deemed as a losing bet
In the event of disqualification or retirement all bets will be void unless the settlement of the bet has already been determined
Match Trebles
Match result with most/least aces and most/least double faults in the matchCustomer is betting on: which player will win the three named markets
Equal number of aces or equal number of double faults will be deemed as a losing bet
In the event of disqualification or retirement all bets will be void unless the settlement of the bet has already been determined.
Total Breaks in the Tournament
A break when a player loses their service game. The total amount of breaks played in every match across the named tournament. (edited)
Total Tie-breaks in the Tournament
The total amount of Tie-break played in every match across the named tournament.
Highest 1st Serve percentage
Predict the player to get the most first serve in throughout the match. If the 1st serve percentage is tied the bet is lost.
Total breaks of serve in the match
Predicts how many times each player will lose their service game in the match. Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void.
Tie-Break King
Predicts that the match will be won in straights sets, with every set won 7-6. Customer is betting on: a player to win in straight sets 2-0 or 3-0 and to win each set 7-6.
If any completed set is not won 7-6, the bet will be settled as a loser.
If one player is disqualified or retires all bets will be void unless the settlement of the bet has already been determined.
1st Set to hit most aces
Predicts which player will hit most aces in 1st set. Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void
If there are no breaks/serves/aces/double faults (if applicable), bets will be void
Win and Total games
Combined Match Result and Total games. Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void.
Player X Not to face break point in match
Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void.
Player X Not to lose serve in match
Tie-breaks do not count a service games. The player must not be broken at any point during the match.
Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void.
Player X to win point in every return game in match
Bets are void if the statutory number of sets has not completed, or changed. If a match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all bets will be void.
First Player to lose a service game
Predicts which player will lose a service game first. Tie-breaks do not count a service games. For this to be a winner, the player specified must lose a service game.
Player X to win 4 or more Grand Slams before 2024
Player must win 4 Grand Slams before 31st December 2023.
Player X to win 2 or more Grand Slams before 2023
Player must win 2 Grand Slams before 31st December 2022.
Player X to win 1 or more Grand Slams before 2022
Player must win 1 Grand Slams before 31st December 2021.
First New Number 1
Customer is betting on a new player to be ranked as ATP number 1 in the world who has never achieved this ranking before. If a Player not in the selections reaches ATP number 1 in the world bets will be void.
Will a new British Player win a Grand Slam before 2024
A British Player must win a Grand Slam before 31st December 2023.
Will Roger Feder Win Another Grand Slam?
Bets will be void by 2025. Once Roger Federer retires all No selections will be settled as losers.
1st Set Correct Score Groups
In the event of a disqualification or retirement all bets will be void unless the settlement of the bet has already been determined e.g. if a set is abandoned at 4-4.
Players First Service Game - Game Winner, Players First Service Game - First Point
In the event of disqualification or cancellation during the first game with player service, all bets will be canceled unless the last set has already begun or the settlement of bets is already determined or there is no way for the game to end without clearly determining the result of this market.
Last Revision: 27 March 2020 (Version: #6)
Virtual sports
Virtual Sports
Game Play Rules
A virtual betting event takes place every 3 minutes for Football and every 2 minutes for Horse Racing and Greyhounds.
When the event is not specified by the customer, bets are registered on the next event.
Bets on the next event are accepted until the "bets closed" message appears on the screen, after which the bet will be allocated to the successive event.
Winnings can be collected once the result of an event is displayed on the results screen.
The minimum stake per bet is £0.10 with a maximum daily payout of £50,000 per customer.
A customer who places any bet on these events takes sole responsibility for his actions in placing a bet, and in checking his ticket to ensure it correctly reflects his chosen bet, and cannot hold the operator liable for any loss or damage suffered.
The operator will also not be liable for any system malfunction that may result in the nullification, cancellation or refund of a bet at any time.
No horses or greyhounds are scratched from virtual races.
There are no dead heats (position draws) in virtual races.
In case of event cancellation outstanding bets are deemed void and settled as 'cancelled'. It means that the bet stake is fully reinstated.
Bet types offered may be altered from time to time.
A winning bet may be claimed within 90 days of the event date. Unclaimed tickets after that period will expire and cannot be claimed.
Virtual Football
Match Result Full Time
Select the game outcome of the full time - Home win (1), Draw (X) or Away win (2).
Correct Score
Select full-time goal score for each team, both home and away.
Total Goals
Select full-time total goals scored by both teams.
Double Result (Half-time / Full-time)
Select the team that will lead at half-time and the full-time match winner.
Double Chance
Select 12 for either the home or away team to win
Select 1X for either the home team to win or draw.
Select X2 for either the away team to win or draw.
Double Chance In
Select 1X for either the home team to win or draw.
Select 2 for away team win.
Double Chance Out
Select X2 for either the away team to win or draw.
Select 1 for home team win.
Double Chance In/ Out
Select 12 for either the home or away team to win.
Select X for draw.
Over/Under 2.5
Select Under to back a score of 0, 1 or 2 total goals.
Select Over to back a score of 3 or 4 total goals.
1st Goal Scorer
Select the team that will score the 1st goal. This bet type is not displayed on the data screens.
Time of 1st goal
Select the time range in which the 1st goal will be scored.
Penalty
Select the Penalty option if you think a penalty will be awarded in the game.
Yellow Card
Select the Yellow Card option if you think a yellow card will be shown during the game.
Virtual Horse Racing/Virtual Greyhounds
Win
Select a runner to finish 1st.
Place
Select a runner to finish in 1st, 2nd and 3rd place in a race with 8 runners or more, and 1st, or 2nd in a 6-runner greyhound race.
Each-way
Select a runner to win or place. This bet consists of two bets on one selection in one event, with the first bet on the runner to win and the second bet on the runner to place. The place bet pays at a fraction of the win odds as specified on the event data.
Forecast
Select 2 runners to finish 1st and 2nd IN ORDER specified.
Combination Forecast
A player can have the option of selecting 2 or more selections to bet that every possible combination of two of the selections may finish 1st and 2nd in order. So for example, on 2 selections there are 2 bets (1-2, 2-1); on 3 selections there are 6 bets (1-2, 1-3, 2-1, 2-3, 3-1, 3-2); on 4 selections there are 12 bets, on 5 selections there are 20 bets and on 6 selections there are 30 bets etc.
Reverse Forecast
Select 2 runners to finish 1st and 2nd in ANY ORDER.
Tricast
Select 3 runners to finish 1st, 2nd and 3rd IN ORDER specified.
Combination Tricast
A player can have the option of selecting 3 or more selections to bet that every possible combination of three of the selections may finish 1st, 2nd and 3rd in order in an event. So for example, on 3 selections there are 6 bets (1-2-3, 1-3-2, 2-1-3, 2-3-1, 3-1-2, 3-2-1); on 4 selections there are 24 bets; on 5 selections there are 60 bets and on 6 selections there are 120 bets.
Reverse Tricast
Select 3 runners to finish 1st, 2nd and 3rd in ANY ORDER.
Independence and Fairness
The results of these virtual events are determined on an independent server that is not accessible to the betting operator. The results are generated by a system that has been independently certified to be fair according to a reputable certification authority.
Last Revision: 05 Ausgust 2019 (Version: #50)
Volleyball
Volleyball
If a match is not completed, all full time bets will be void.
If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed then bets based on the original listing will be void.
Abandoned or postponed matches are void unless rearranged and played on the same date (local time) or stated otherwise in the rules. An exception is made if incorrect kick off time is announced on our website.
Live-Betting
If the event is not completed, all bets will be void. Exceptions are made for bets on sets which are already over, in this case the bets will be settled.
Points are considered regardless of whether they are scored before or after the bet is placed.
Winner
Predict the winner of the game. A best-of-five sets format is used. Golden Set is not counted for settling purposes.
Handicap
Predict the winner of the game in sets. Bets are determined by sets accumulated by both teams, applying the given handicap. Bets are void if the statutory number of sets is not completed, or changed.
Over/Under
Predict over or under a given number of sets will be played in order for the winner to be determined.
Set Score
Predict the sets' score at the end of the match.
Bets are void if the statutory number of sets is not completed, or changed.
Total Points
Total Points is similar to Handicap and Over/Under Wager. Win/loss is determined by the number of points accumulated by both teams, and then by comparing these points with the handicap and/or over/under given before the match started.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th/5th Set Winner
Predict the winner of the relevant set.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th/5th Set Handicap
Predict the winner of the relevant set, considering the given
point Handicap.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th/5th Set Over/Under
Predict if the sum of the points scored by both teams in the relevant set will be over or under a given number.
Match Odd/Even, 1st/2nd/3rd/4th/5th Set Odd/Even
Predict if the sum of the points scored by both teams in the match/relevant set will be an odd or an even number.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th/5th Set Winning Margin
Predict by how many points a named team will win the relevant set.
1st/2nd/3rd/4th/5th Set Exact Score
Predict the correct score in points of the relevant set.
Total Team Points
Predict if the points scored in the match by a relevant team will be over or under a given number.
Outright
Predict the winner of the relevant competition. Bets are settled according to the final league position, after play offs (if played), unless otherwise stated.
Group Winner
Bets are settled according to the final Group position.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Winter sports
Winter Sports
All bets are settled according to the official results of winter sports federations governing the relevant race, even if not all of the scheduled events are held. Bets will be settled according to the official result declared after the race has finished. Any later appeals and disqualifications will not affect bets.
If an event does not take place as scheduled, unless it is postponed due to weather conditions, all bets are void. An exception is made if incorrect kick-off time is announced on our website. If an event is abandoned or suspended and not staged within 36 hours (local time) and on the same field (track) all bets are void. Dead heat rules apply.
There is an exception of the above rule for Winter Olympic events.
Dead heat rules apply.
Bets on any participant who takes part in qualifying for a specified event but then fails to qualify for the main Round(s) will be classed as losers.
Outright
Predict the winner of the stage, race (it will be specified in the name of the outright). If the participant does not start the official event, bets will be void.
Podium Position
Predict if a participant will finish on the podium (1
st, 2
nd or 3
rd place). If the participant does not start the official event, bets will be void.
Head to head / Winner Full Time
Both participants must start the race for bets to stand. If both of them don’t finish the event, bets will be void, unless it is a multistage event. In that case the player that completes later stage will be settled as winner. For example if Player A withdraws or gets disqualified in 1st Round and Player B finishes 1st Round, Player B will be the winner.
If both of them withdraw or get disqualified at the same stage – bets will be void.
Version 2 Last updated: 08 June 2017
Bet types
Singles, Accumulators and System bets
Broaden your betting possibilities by going beyond the 1 selection opportunities offered by singles betting... Discover a world of winning chances across multiple selections with Accumulators and System bets...
Singles and Accumulators
Accumulators, also known as accas, combos or multis, are when you pick more than one selection across a number of events. The odds of your selections are multiplied together, offering you the chance to get much higher returns than if you place the bets separately. The names of bets with different numbers of selections are shown in the table below.
For the accumulator to win, all your selections must win.
You can work out the returns from an acca by thinking of it as a series of singles that are multiplied together with each win. You multiply the returns from the first bet by the odds of the other bets.
Let’s say you bet £10 on a treble (an acca with 3 selections) with odds of 2/1, 3/1 and 4/1.
The first selection wins at 2/1, giving you £20 in winnings plus your original stake, making a new stake of £30.
The second selection wins at 3/1, so you multiply the £30 from the first selection by 3, making £90. Then add the current stake of £30, making a total return of £120.
The third selection wins at 4/1, so you multiply the new stake of £120 from the first two winning selections by 4, making £480. Then add the current stake of £120, making a total return of £600.
Bet name
No. of Selections
Single
1
Double
2
Treble
3
4-Fold
4
5-Fold
5
6-Fold
6
7-Fold
7
8-Fold
8
9-Fold
9
10-Fold
10
11-Fold
11
12-Fold
12
13-Fold
13
14-Fold
14
15-Fold
15
16-Fold
16
17-Fold
17
18-Fold
18
19-Fold
19
20-Fold
20
In all cases, all selections must be successful to be a winner. If one or more selections from the accumulator are cancelled, the bet stands as soon as at least one of the remaining selections is settled as a winner or loser.
Push
This is a game / selection that is tied after taking the handicap/spread into account. All bets will be void.
Non-Runner
A non-runner is a selection that is named but doesn't take part in the event. If your selection is a non-runner, your bet will be void (and your stake returned). If the selection is part of a accumulator (multiple), the bet will become the next accumulative bet down, e.g. a treble becomes a double, a double becomes a single, etc.
Void
In all cases where the term ‘void’ is used, settlement will be as follows:
Single bets - stakes will be refunded.
Accumulator (Multiple) bets - void selections will be treated as non-runners within the bet, meaning If the selection is part of an accumulator (multiple), the bet will become the next accumulative bet down, e.g. a treble becomes a double, a double becomes a single, etc.
System Bets
What is a system bet?
System bets are similar to accumulators or accumulators in that you choose several selections within one bet, but all possible combinations of bets from those selections are covered, with the advantage of winning even if not all picks are winners.
Systems bets are presented as two numbers separated by a slash: eg. 2/4, with the first number denoting the type of bets involved (in this case, doubles), and the second number denoting the number of selections involved.
For example, in a 2/4 system bet, you would choose 4 selections and click on the System tab at the top of the bet slip, where you would then see your system bets options. The 2/4 system bet is made up of the 6 possible combinations using your 4 selections, so a stake of €0.50 would cost €3. Even if only 2 of those possible combinations were winners, your bet would win, with the return amount dependant on how many possible combinations actually win. If none or only one of your picks wins, your system bet loses. When you place your system bet, the amount of winnings shown is the maximum winnings possible if all picks win.
You can see the details of active system bets by checking Open Bets under My Account.
Systems involving 3 selections
System 2/3
A 2/3 system consists of 3 bets involving 3 selections in different events - 3 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/3 costs €3.
Number of bets placed
3
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
3
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Trixie
A Trixie consists of 4 bets involving 3 selections in different events, 3 doubles and 1 treble. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Trixie costs €4.
Number of bets placed
4
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
3
Treble
1
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Patent
A patent consists of 7 bets involving 3 selections in different events, 3 singles, 3 doubles and 1 treble. Any one winning bets guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Patent costs €7.
Number of bets placed
7
Single bet
3
Accumulator bet
Double
3
Treble
1
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 4 selections
System 2/4
A 2/4 system consists of 6 bets involving 4 selections in different events - 6 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/4 costs €6.
Number of bets placed
6
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
6
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/4
A 3/4 system consists of 4 bets involving 4 selections in different events - 4 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/4 costs €4.
Number of bets placed
4
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
4
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Yankee
A Yankee consists of 11 bets involving 4 selections in different events, 6 doubles, 4 trebles and 1 four-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Yankee costs €11.
Number of bets placed
11
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
6
Treble
4
4folds
1
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Lucky 15
A Lucky 15 consists of 15 bets involving 4 selections in different events, 4 singles, 6 doubles, 4 trebles and 1 four-fold. Any one winning bet guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Lucky 15 costs €15.
Number of bets placed
15
Single bet
4
Accumulator bet
Double
6
Treble
4
4folds
1
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 5 selections
System 2/5
A 2/5 system consists of 10 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 10 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/5 costs €10.
Number of bets placed
10
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
10
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/5
A 3/5 system consists of 10 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 10 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/5 costs €10.
Number of bets placed
10
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
10
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/5
A 4/5 system consists of 5 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 5 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/5 costs €5.
Number of bets placed
5
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
5
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Super Yankee
A Super Yankee system consists of 26 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 10 doubles, 10 trebles, 5 four-folds, and 1 five-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return.More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Canadian costs €26.
Number of bets placed
26
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
10
Treble
10
4folds
5
5folds
1
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Lucky 31
A Lucky 31 system consists of 31 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 5 singles, 10 doubles, 10 trebles, 5 four-folds, and 1 five-fold. Any one winning bet guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Lucky 31 costs €31.
Number of bets placed
31
Single bet
5
Accumulator bet
Double
10
Treble
10
4folds
5
5folds
1
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 6 selections
System 2/6
A 2/6 system consists of 15 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 15 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/6 costs €15.
Number of bets placed
15
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
15
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/6
A 3/6 system consists of 20 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 30 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/6 costs €20.
Number of bets placed
20
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
20
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/6
A 4/6 system consists of 15 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 15 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/6 costs €15.
Number of bets placed
15
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
15
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 5/6
A 5/6 system consists of 6 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 6 five folds. Any five winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 5/6 costs €6.
Number of bets placed
6
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
6
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Heinz
A Heinz system consists of 57 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 15 doubles, 20 trebles, 15 four-folds, 6 five-folds, and 1 six-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Heinz costs €57.
Number of bets placed
57
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
15
Treble
20
4folds
15
5folds
6
6folds
1
7folds
-
8folds
-
Lucky 63
A Lucky 63 system consists of 63 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 6 singles, 15 doubles, 20 trebles, 15 four-folds, 6 five-folds, and 1 six fold. Any one winning bet guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Lucky 63 costs €63.
Number of bets placed
63
Single bet
6
Accumulator bet
Double
15
Treble
20
4folds
15
5folds
6
6folds
1
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 7 selections
System 2/7
A 2/7 system consists of 21 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 21doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/7 costs €21.
Number of bets placed
21
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
21
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/7
A 3/7 system consists of 35 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 35 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/7 costs €35.
Number of bets placed
35
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
35
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/7
A 4/7 system consists of 35 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 35 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/7 costs €35.
Number of bets placed
35
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
35
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 5/7
A 5/7 system consists of 21 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 21 five-folds. Any five winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 5/7 costs €21.
Number of bets placed
21
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
21
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 6/7
A 6/7 system consists of 7 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 7 six-folds. Any six winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 6/7 costs €7.
Number of bets placed
7
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
7
7folds
-
8folds
-
Super Heinz
A Super Heinz system consists of 120 bets involving 7 selections in different events, 21 doubles, 35 trebles, 35 four-folds, 21 five-folds, 7 six-folds, and 1 seven-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Super Heinz costs €120.
Number of bets placed
120
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
21
Treble
35
4folds
35
5folds
21
6folds
7
7folds
1
8folds
-
Systems involving 8 selections
System 2/8
A 2/8 system consists of 28 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 28 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/8 costs €28.
Number of bets placed
28
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
28
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/8
A 3/8 system consists of 56 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 56 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/8 costs €56.
Number of bets placed
56
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
56
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/8
A 4/8 system consists of 70 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 70 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/8 costs €70.
Number of bets placed
70
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
70
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 5/8
A 5/8 system consists of 56 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 56 five-folds. Any five winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 5/8 costs €56.
Number of bets placed
56
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
56
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 6/8
A 6/8 system consists of 28 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 28 six-folds. Any six winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 6/8 costs €28.
Number of bets placed
28
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
28
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 7/8
A 7/8 system consists of 8 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 8 seven-folds. Any seven winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 7/8 costs €8.
Number of bets placed
8
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
8
8folds
-
Goliath
A Goliath system consists of 247 bets involving 8 selections in different events, 28 doubles, 56 trebles, 70 four-folds, 56 five-folds, 28 six-folds, 8 seven-folds, and 1 eight-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Goliath costs €247.
Number of bets placed
247
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
28
Treble
56
4folds
70
5folds
56
6folds
28
7folds
8
8folds
1
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Singles, accumulators and system bets
Singles, Accumulators and System bets
Broaden your betting possibilities by going beyond the 1 selection opportunities offered by singles betting... Discover a world of winning chances across multiple selections with Accumulators and System bets...
Singles and Accumulators
Accumulators, also known as accas, combos or multis, are when you pick more than one selection across a number of events. The odds of your selections are multiplied together, offering you the chance to get much higher returns than if you place the bets separately. The names of bets with different numbers of selections are shown in the table below.
For the accumulator to win, all your selections must win.
You can work out the returns from an acca by thinking of it as a series of singles that are multiplied together with each win. You multiply the returns from the first bet by the odds of the other bets.
Let’s say you bet £10 on a treble (an acca with 3 selections) with odds of 2/1, 3/1 and 4/1.
The first selection wins at 2/1, giving you £20 in winnings plus your original stake, making a new stake of £30.
The second selection wins at 3/1, so you multiply the £30 from the first selection by 3, making £90. Then add the current stake of £30, making a total return of £120.
The third selection wins at 4/1, so you multiply the new stake of £120 from the first two winning selections by 4, making £480. Then add the current stake of £120, making a total return of £600.
Bet name
No. of Selections
Single
1
Double
2
Treble
3
4-Fold
4
5-Fold
5
6-Fold
6
7-Fold
7
8-Fold
8
9-Fold
9
10-Fold
10
11-Fold
11
12-Fold
12
13-Fold
13
14-Fold
14
15-Fold
15
16-Fold
16
17-Fold
17
18-Fold
18
19-Fold
19
20-Fold
20
In all cases, all selections must be successful to be a winner. If one or more selections from the accumulator are cancelled, the bet stands as soon as at least one of the remaining selections is settled as a winner or loser.
Push
This is a game / selection that is tied after taking the handicap/spread into account. All bets will be void.
Non-Runner
A non-runner is a selection that is named but doesn't take part in the event. If your selection is a non-runner, your bet will be void (and your stake returned). If the selection is part of a accumulator (multiple), the bet will become the next accumulative bet down, e.g. a treble becomes a double, a double becomes a single, etc.
Void
In all cases where the term ‘void’ is used, settlement will be as follows:
Single bets - stakes will be refunded.
Accumulator (Multiple) bets - void selections will be treated as non-runners within the bet, meaning If the selection is part of an accumulator (multiple), the bet will become the next accumulative bet down, e.g. a treble becomes a double, a double becomes a single, etc.
System Bets
What is a system bet?
System bets are similar to accumulators or accumulators in that you choose several selections within one bet, but all possible combinations of bets from those selections are covered, with the advantage of winning even if not all picks are winners.
Systems bets are presented as two numbers separated by a slash: eg. 2/4, with the first number denoting the type of bets involved (in this case, doubles), and the second number denoting the number of selections involved.
For example, in a 2/4 system bet, you would choose 4 selections and click on the System tab at the top of the bet slip, where you would then see your system bets options. The 2/4 system bet is made up of the 6 possible combinations using your 4 selections, so a stake of €0.50 would cost €3. Even if only 2 of those possible combinations were winners, your bet would win, with the return amount dependant on how many possible combinations actually win. If none or only one of your picks wins, your system bet loses. When you place your system bet, the amount of winnings shown is the maximum winnings possible if all picks win.
You can see the details of active system bets by checking Open Bets under My Account.
Systems involving 3 selections
System 2/3
A 2/3 system consists of 3 bets involving 3 selections in different events - 3 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/3 costs €3.
Number of bets placed
3
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
3
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Trixie
A Trixie consists of 4 bets involving 3 selections in different events, 3 doubles and 1 treble. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Trixie costs €4.
Number of bets placed
4
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
3
Treble
1
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Patent
A patent consists of 7 bets involving 3 selections in different events, 3 singles, 3 doubles and 1 treble. Any one winning bets guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Patent costs €7.
Number of bets placed
7
Single bet
3
Accumulator bet
Double
3
Treble
1
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 4 selections
System 2/4
A 2/4 system consists of 6 bets involving 4 selections in different events - 6 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/4 costs €6.
Number of bets placed
6
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
6
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/4
A 3/4 system consists of 4 bets involving 4 selections in different events - 4 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/4 costs €4.
Number of bets placed
4
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
4
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Yankee
A Yankee consists of 11 bets involving 4 selections in different events, 6 doubles, 4 trebles and 1 four-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Yankee costs €11.
Number of bets placed
11
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
6
Treble
4
4folds
1
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Lucky 15
A Lucky 15 consists of 15 bets involving 4 selections in different events, 4 singles, 6 doubles, 4 trebles and 1 four-fold. Any one winning bet guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Lucky 15 costs €15.
Number of bets placed
15
Single bet
4
Accumulator bet
Double
6
Treble
4
4folds
1
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 5 selections
System 2/5
A 2/5 system consists of 10 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 10 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/5 costs €10.
Number of bets placed
10
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
10
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/5
A 3/5 system consists of 10 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 10 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/5 costs €10.
Number of bets placed
10
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
10
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/5
A 4/5 system consists of 5 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 5 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/5 costs €5.
Number of bets placed
5
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
5
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Super Yankee
A Super Yankee system consists of 26 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 10 doubles, 10 trebles, 5 four-folds, and 1 five-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return.More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Canadian costs €26.
Number of bets placed
26
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
10
Treble
10
4folds
5
5folds
1
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Lucky 31
A Lucky 31 system consists of 31 bets involving 5 selections in different events, 5 singles, 10 doubles, 10 trebles, 5 four-folds, and 1 five-fold. Any one winning bet guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Lucky 31 costs €31.
Number of bets placed
31
Single bet
5
Accumulator bet
Double
10
Treble
10
4folds
5
5folds
1
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 6 selections
System 2/6
A 2/6 system consists of 15 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 15 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/6 costs €15.
Number of bets placed
15
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
15
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/6
A 3/6 system consists of 20 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 30 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/6 costs €20.
Number of bets placed
20
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
20
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/6
A 4/6 system consists of 15 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 15 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/6 costs €15.
Number of bets placed
15
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
15
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 5/6
A 5/6 system consists of 6 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 6 five folds. Any five winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 5/6 costs €6.
Number of bets placed
6
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
6
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
Heinz
A Heinz system consists of 57 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 15 doubles, 20 trebles, 15 four-folds, 6 five-folds, and 1 six-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Heinz costs €57.
Number of bets placed
57
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
15
Treble
20
4folds
15
5folds
6
6folds
1
7folds
-
8folds
-
Lucky 63
A Lucky 63 system consists of 63 bets involving 6 selections in different events, 6 singles, 15 doubles, 20 trebles, 15 four-folds, 6 five-folds, and 1 six fold. Any one winning bet guarantees a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Lucky 63 costs €63.
Number of bets placed
63
Single bet
6
Accumulator bet
Double
15
Treble
20
4folds
15
5folds
6
6folds
1
7folds
-
8folds
-
Systems involving 7 selections
System 2/7
A 2/7 system consists of 21 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 21doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/7 costs €21.
Number of bets placed
21
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
21
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/7
A 3/7 system consists of 35 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 35 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/7 costs €35.
Number of bets placed
35
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
35
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/7
A 4/7 system consists of 35 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 35 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/7 costs €35.
Number of bets placed
35
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
35
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 5/7
A 5/7 system consists of 21 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 21 five-folds. Any five winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 5/7 costs €21.
Number of bets placed
21
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
21
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 6/7
A 6/7 system consists of 7 bets involving 7 selections in different events – 7 six-folds. Any six winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 6/7 costs €7.
Number of bets placed
7
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
7
7folds
-
8folds
-
Super Heinz
A Super Heinz system consists of 120 bets involving 7 selections in different events, 21 doubles, 35 trebles, 35 four-folds, 21 five-folds, 7 six-folds, and 1 seven-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Super Heinz costs €120.
Number of bets placed
120
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
21
Treble
35
4folds
35
5folds
21
6folds
7
7folds
1
8folds
-
Systems involving 8 selections
System 2/8
A 2/8 system consists of 28 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 28 doubles. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 2/8 costs €28.
Number of bets placed
28
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
28
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 3/8
A 3/8 system consists of 56 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 56 trebles. Any three winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 3/8 costs €56.
Number of bets placed
56
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
56
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 4/8
A 4/8 system consists of 70 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 70 four-folds. Any four winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 4/8 costs €70.
Number of bets placed
70
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
70
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 5/8
A 5/8 system consists of 56 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 56 five-folds. Any five winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 5/8 costs €56.
Number of bets placed
56
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
56
6folds
-
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 6/8
A 6/8 system consists of 28 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 28 six-folds. Any six winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 6/8 costs €28.
Number of bets placed
28
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
28
7folds
-
8folds
-
System 7/8
A 7/8 system consists of 8 bets involving 8 selections in different events – 8 seven-folds. Any seven winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 System 7/8 costs €8.
Number of bets placed
8
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
-
Treble
-
4folds
-
5folds
-
6folds
-
7folds
8
8folds
-
Goliath
A Goliath system consists of 247 bets involving 8 selections in different events, 28 doubles, 56 trebles, 70 four-folds, 56 five-folds, 28 six-folds, 8 seven-folds, and 1 eight-fold. Any two winning bets guarantee a return. More winning bets means a higher return. Please note that a €1 Goliath costs €247.
Number of bets placed
247
Single bet
-
Accumulator bet
Double
28
Treble
56
4folds
70
5folds
56
6folds
28
7folds
8
8folds
1
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Handicap
Handicap Betting
The Asian Line is a special type of handicap used for soccer matches. Depending on the strength of each team, a handicap is issued for the game. This enables the odds for each side to be more similar, allowing for more competitive betting opportunities. All bets on the Asian Handicap in live betting (including 1st/2nd half bets) are settled according to the score line. Any goals prior to the bet being placed are ignored for settlement purposes.
Asian Handicap
What it means
0
You win if your team wins the match. If there's a draw (0 goals difference), you are refunded your stake.
0.25
You win if your team wins the match. If there's a draw, your bet is split in half: one half is considered a win, the other half is considered a draw and its stakes are refunded.
0.5
You win if your team draws or wins the match.
0.75
You win if your team wins or draws the match. If it loses with a one goal difference, you lose half of the amount staked.
1
You win if your team wins or draws the match. If it loses with a goal difference of one, your stake is refunded.
-0.25
You win if your team wins the match. If it draws you lose half of the amount staked.
-0.5
You win if your team wins the match.
-0.75
You win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of two or more. If it wins with one goal your bet is split in half: one half is considered a win, the other half is considered a draw and its stakes are refunded.
-1
You win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of two or more. If it wins with a goal difference of one, your stake is refunded.
Live betting example:
Juventus vs Man.United - Live score 1:0
Team
Asian Handicap
Odds
Juventus
-0.75
5/6 (1.80)
Manchester
+0.75
23/20 (2.15)
Final score 3:0
If you bet on Juventus €100, your net win is €80
Final score 2:0, 3:1
If you bet on Juventus €100, your net win €40
Final score 1:0, 1:1, 1:2, 1:3,2:1, 2:2, 3:2, 3:3
If you bet on Man. United €100, your net win is €115
3-Way Handicap
In a 3-Way Handicap, the line is set so that there can also be a draw outcome, giving you 3 potential bets.
Handicap (-1) - You win if your team wins the match with a goal difference of two or more.
Tie: You win if the team with (-1) Handicap wins the match with exactly one goal difference.
Handicap (+1) - You win if your team draws or win the match.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Each-way
Each-Way
What is an Each-Way bet?
An Each-Way (E/W) bet is a bet consisted of two separate parts - a win part and a place part. The win part of the bet is on your selection to win the event, and the place part is on your selection to finish either first or within the race's specified place terms (e.g. 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc). The bet is very popular in horse racing since it allows you to gain returns even if your horse doesn't finish first.
How do Each-Way bets work?
When you place an Each-Way bet (by ticking the e/w check box), your stake is doubled, with half allocated to the outright win, and the other half allocated to your runner finishing within the place terms. Each race has specified place terms depending on the number of runners, eg. ¼ 1-2-3. In this example, an Each-Way bet placed on a runner that finishes 1st will pay in two ways: you will win the outright portion of the bet, but you will also win the place portion at ¼ the outright odds as it finished in the top 3.
Example:
You place a 2 EUR Each-Way bet on a 12/1 shot in a race with E/W terms ¼ 1-2-3
If your selection finishes 1st:
You win 12 EUR plus your stake for the outright win
You also win 3 EUR (quarter the outright odds: 3/1) plus your stake for placing (ie. finishing in the top 3)
If your selection finishes 2nd or 3rd:
The outright portion of the bet will lose
You win 3 EUR plus your stake for placing
If your selection finishes outside the place terms for the race, both bets lose.
How do Each-Way Accumulators work?
In the case of settling Each-Way Accumulators, the win portion of the first bet will be carried over to the win portion of the following bet, and similarly, the each-way portion of the bet will be carried over to the each-way portion of the following bet.
Example:
You place a 1 EUR e/w accumulator on selection A in Race A and selection B in Race B. This means you have an outright (win) accumulator and a place accumulator
If selection A wins and selection B only places, the outright portion of the accumulator will lose, but the place portion will win.
If selection A only places and selection B wins, again, the outright portion of the accumulator will lose, but the place portion will win.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Teaser bets
Teaser Bets
A teaser bet allows you to adjust the points spread and game totals on two or more American Football or Basketball teams by choosing a fixed number of points. The number of teams and points selected determines your payout odds.
How do teaser bets work?
All selections must be successful for the teaser bet to win. If a selection in a two team teaser is a push, the bet will be considered “no action” and the stake will be refunded. A push in teasers of more than two teams will result in the bet dropping to the next level down, if available, or losing if not.
Teaser bets will only be allowed on pre-match events and only for selected leagues, including:
i. Regular teasers for NBA, NCAAB, NFL, NCAAF or any other league in which teaser bets are allowed (4, 4.5 and 5 for Basketball and 6, 6.5 and 7 for American Football)
ii. SUPER TEASERS: 3 teams teaser - buying 8 points, ties lose, odds -120/1.83
iii. MONSTER TEASER: 4 teams teaser - buying 10 points, ties lose, odds -120/1.83
Buying points
Buying points allows you to change the point-spread or game total of an American Football or Basketball game. You can move the point-spread so you get more points when betting the underdog, and fewer points when betting on the favourite. You can move the total so you get a higher total when betting the under or a lower total if betting the over.
Last Revision: 12 September 2018 (Version: #2)
Fast markets
Fast Markets
Fast Markets allow you to bet on whether you think a specific event will happen within the next 1 or 5 minutes of a live football match, giving you the incredible potential to win on every minute of your favourite live games!
Think Rooney's about to lose it? Bet on a booking!
Think the goalie's lost his grip? Bet on a corner!
You can choose to bet on goals, corners, bookings, penalties, throw-ins, free kicks and goal kicks to happen during the game's next 1 minute or 5 minutes:
Event
Description
Goal
The time at which a goal is scored
Corner
The time at which a corner is awarded
Booking
The time at which a yellow or red card is shown to a participating player
Penalty
The time at which a penalty is awarded
Throw-In
The time at which a throw-in is awarded
Free Kick
The time at which a free kick is awarded
Goal Kick
The time at which a goal kick is awarded
1 minute refers to 00:00 – 00:59 seconds of the relevant 1 minute period.
5 minutes refers to 00:00 – 04:59 seconds of the relevant 5 minute period.
Asian Handicap betting with these figures means you're essentially splitting your bet to cover certain outcomes.
Injury time is not included.
Here's how it works:
Select the live match you want to bet on
Choose the specific Fast Market from the list of options
Select your bet
Enter your stake on your bet slip and click on 'Place bets'
Turn up the heat on your live betting experience: try Fast Markets now.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Horse racing
Horse Racing
Horse Racing is one of the biggest betting sports in the world with the most popular bets being win, each-way, accumulator and forecasts. Read on to learn more about these bet types.
What is a Racecard?
The Racecard gives information, prices and other details for a specific horse race. Horse racing racecard details generally include the time, place and distance of the race, the name and number of the horse, its finishing positions in the last few races (form), the jockey's colours (silks), and the condition of the course (going).
Racecards give you the opportunity to pick your horses based on whatever variable you like, such as how they're performing, your lucky number, your favourite colour or the horse's name.
What is a Win Single bet?
A single is one bet placed on one selection in a race. Your single wins if the selection you bet on wins the specified race.
What is an Each-Way bet?
An Each-Way (E/W) bet consists of two separate parts - a win part and a place part. The win part of the bet is on your selection to win the event, and the place part is on your selection to finish either first or within the race's specified place terms (e.g. 2nd, 3rd, 4th, etc). The bet is very popular in horse racing since it allows you to gain returns even if your horse doesn't finish first.
What is an Accumulator?
An accumulator bet, also known as an acca or combo, involves 3 or more selections from different events. For the accumulator to win, each selection must win in their respective events, and all selections in the bet must win.
What is a Forecast bet?
Forecast betting involves choosing 2 horses to finish first and second in a specific race. There are straight forecasts, reverse forecasts and combination forecasts...
In a straight forecast, you choose 2 horses to finish first and second in the correct order. A reverse forecast is where you choose 2 horses to finish first and second in any order. And a combination forecast involves choosing 3 or more horses to finish first or second in any order.
What is a Tricast bet?
As the name suggests, tricast betting involves betting on 3 horses to finish first, second and third in a specific race. The typical tricast bet predicts which 3 horses will finish first, second and third, in that order.
You can also bet a combination tricast, where you choose 3 horses to finish first, second and third in any order.
Last Revision: 26 September 2016 (Version #1)
Casino rules
10Bet Casino Rules
These Casino Rules are inseparably linked to our Terms & Conditions, of which they form a part, and acceptance of these Casino Rules is a prerequisite to account registration. Any capitalized terms used herein which are not defined shall take their meaning from the Terms & Conditions.
A Customer’s total Account Balance is comprised of the aggregate of their Main Account, Casino Buy-In Account, Sports Bonus Account and Casino Bonus Account. Withdrawals cannot be made from either of the Bonus Accounts, but they can both be used to make wagers. Funds from the Sports Bonus Account can be used to place wagers on “Sports and “Live Betting” products and funds from the Casino Bonus Account can be used to place wagers on “Casino” and “Live Casino” products.
Any withdrawal of funds from the Casino Buy-In Account may result in the forfeiture or voidance of Casino Product bonuses and promotions.
Please note that any of the “Casino” products offered within the Website are subject to additional specific terms and conditions, which are made available and accessible through each respective game. You hereby acknowledge that any use of such “Casino” and “Live Casino” products is further subject to such specific terms and conditions as shall apply from time to time.
Fraud and Collusion:
Where there is evidence of a series of wagers having been placed by or for the same individual or syndicate of individuals on one and the same game in an effort to reach a guaranteed profit, 10Bet reserves the right to make all wagers void and suspend relevant accounts.
If you have played in a professional capacity, or in tandem with other Customer(s) as part of a club, group, etc., or placed bets or wagers in a coordinated manner with other Customer(s) targeting the same game, or having used a certain strategy to accumulate guaranteed profit in a long term; in this instance we further reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to restrict the ability for placing wagers on a certain game or restrict the maximum amount which can be used for placing a separate wager on the said game. 10Bet is for sole use on an individual basis and for personal entertainment only.
10Bet allows only one account per person. Any subsequent accounts opened under the same postcode/personal details/IP address that are found to be related to any existing account may be closed immediately and any bets will be voided at 10Bet's discretion. 10Bet reserves the right to reclaim any winnings attained by these means and we reserve the right to withhold all or part of your balance and/or recover from your account deposits, pay outs, bonuses, any winnings that are attained by these means.
Last Revision: 16 March 2020 (Version: #4)
Contact us
Contact Us
Here at 10Bet, we want to make sure that nothing gets in the way of the best possible betting experience.
We’re ready to deal with any queries you may have, so please contact us by email.
We’ll do our best to get back to you within 24 hours.
24/7 Support
Customer service: support@10bet.com
Phone: for all countries (excluding Ireland and Canada) +356 2778 0155, for Canada +1 613-366-3908 and for Ireland: +353 14-372-476
Live Chat: available when logged in
About us
About us
At 10Bet, every edge-of-the-seat event, every action-packed game, every hot new slot and every promotion is designed with the bettor in mind. With over 16 years’ experience, we’ve focused on creating one of the most exciting, forward-thinking, bettor-focused sports and casino betting sites in the world. We now cover over 60 sports – and every day we’re looking for new ways to make things bigger and better. We do it by putting our bettors first, always.
Here are 10 good reasons to bet with 10Bet:
1. Massive coverage of sports & events
Our betting markets cover everything from Champions League to Championship, NFL to NBA, greyhounds to horses, volleyball to virtual sports. You name it, we’re all over it.
2. Live in-play betting
If it’s happening now, it’s happening on 10bet. With fast pay-outs on countless in-play markets, we’re your go-to name for in-play betting.
3. Innovative features
We keep the new features coming to maximise the excitement and flexibility for our bettors. Every day you’ll discover new ways to win.
4. Unbelievable range of slots
Explore an ever-expanding wonderland of slots, including all the latest, greatest and most talked-about games.
5. State-of-the-art live casino
Step this way for all the atmosphere, speed and intensity of a night at the casino, where the games are live and the potential winnings are big.
6. Best promotions and VIP program
With a great welcome bonus and a constant flow of reloads and free bets, we’re always looking for new ways to make our bettors feel right at home.
7. Serious about your security
Our bettors trust us to handle thousands of transactions every day, using the most reliable names in the business. Protecting your data is our priority.
8. Responsible betting, always
We’re licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority (Licence Number MGA/B2C/331/2016) and have a range of tools to protect our players and put you in control. Being here for the bettor means going the extra mile to make sure you always enjoy fair, safe and manageable play.
9. Easy to use and easy on the eye
Our mobile platform makes it easy to enjoy 10bet any time, anywhere. From fast payouts to clear graphics and language, we do everything to make 10bet quick, easy, stylish and a pleasure to use. It’s about outstanding odds combined with an outstanding betting experience.
10. The finishing touch: heart and soul
To us, this is more than a business – it’s a brilliant way to bring enjoyment and excitement to our bettors’ lives. We’re passionate about betting and we’ll keep doing everything we can to improve. If you have ideas, we’re all ears.
10bet. For the bettor.
TopSettingsLanguageEnglishOdds displayFractional: (1/2)Decimal: (1.8)American: (-125)Time zoneGMT -12GMT -11GMT -10GMT -9GMT -8GMT -7GMT -6GMT -5GMT -4GMT -3GMT -2GMT -1GMT 0GMT +1GMT +2GMT +3GMT +4GMT +5GMT +6GMT +7GMT +8GMT +9GMT +10GMT +11GMT +12GMT +130Bet SlipTop
Help
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Responsible gambling
Privacy & cookie policy
Betting rules
Complaints procedure
Promotions
Welcome bonus
Sports bonuses
Casino bonuses
Bet calculator
10bet
About us
Blog
Affiliates
Results
Statistics
Our licence
www.10bet.com is operated by Ocean Star Limited (a company registered in Malta) and is regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority,
Licence Number
MGA/B2C/331/2016 issued on 1 August 2018. Ocean Star Limited, Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
Our sportsbook services for customers in the Republic of Ireland are operated under a Remote Bookmaker’s Licence (Licence Number 1010917) issued by the Office of the Revenue Commissioners to Blue Star Planet Limited, Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, St. Julians STJ3141, Malta.
Gambling can be harmful unless controlled. See our Responsible Gaming page for more details and the responsible gambling tools available.
18+ Play responsibly:
www.gamblersanonymous.org
Payment methods
Bet responsibly
Official channels
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
© 10bet. All rights reserved.
We use cookies
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site performance and usage, and to enhance and customize content and advertisements. You can change your Cookie Settings at any time. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue.
Accept & Close