http://www.riverrockcasino.com/general/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Menu
Select Language
Spanish
Chinese
English
EventsPromotions & Events
LoginClub Login
Locate
Home
Gaming
Gaming
Slots
Table Games
High Limit Room
Winners
Play Video Poker
Promotions
The Club
The Club
Club Benefits
Member Login
Join Online
Email/Text Sign Up
Partner Rewards
Promotions
Rewards Catalog
Dining & Entertainment
Dining & Entertainment
Quail Run Café
Center Stage Bar & Grill
Fortune Café
Dining Specials
Event Calendar
Event Gallery
Visiting
Visiting
Map & Directions
Casino Express
Stay & Play
Ohosa Tobacco Shop
Local Attractions
Property Overview
Select Language
Spanish
Chinese
English
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
River Rock Casino is firmly committed to protecting your online privacy.
During your use of this website, we collect certain information about you that you may consider private or confidential. We are providing you with this notice to explain our policies for collecting, using and sharing this information with others.
Information We Collect
When you visit the River Rock Casino website, we track and collect certain information that is non-personally identifiable. This information includes: (i) your operating system; (ii) your web browser; (iii) your IP address; (iv) the duration of your use; (v) the pages viewed; (vi) search words; and (vii) dates and times that our site is accessed. This information does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes and for improving your experience on our website. You may be asked to provide personal information so that we can respond to your request for information. We will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our site activities. We may combine information collected online through the site with any other data we have collected about you using our offline resources including, but not limited to, player's club accounts, surveys, guest comments and market research.
Categories of Information We Collect
Special Promotions or Informational Emails
Occasionally, we request visitors of the site to provide an email address in order to send information about promotions and special offers or to be eligible for sweepstakes.
Online Surveys
Occasionally, we may also ask you to fill out an online customer survey to obtain your suggestions or comments to better understand the effectiveness of River Rock Casino's services, this website or for other similar purposes. Providing this information is solely at your choice. This will help us understand your needs and better serve you the next time you visit River Rock Casino.
Cookies
We currently use "cookies" on our website to detect your web browser’s multimedia capabilities and to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding website usage. Cookies may also be used to help speed your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during registration) but does not include data that will identify you personally. Cookies are text files that store very small bits of information that help to identify you and your session interacting with a website. To learn more specifics about how cookies work, please refer to the help section of your web browser.
Disclosure of Information We Collect
Except as provided for herein, we do not disclose to third parties any information obtained through our website without your consent. Your information may be disclosed if necessary: (i) to protect and defend our rights or property; (ii) to comply with a court order or other legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authorities, including but not limited to, authorities which regulate gaming activities; or (iii) in our sole discretion, in extraordinary circumstances in which we deem such disclosure is prudent.
Our Commitment to Data Security
We take every reasonable precaution to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Areas of this website that collect your information use industry standard secure socket layer encryption (SSL); however, to take advantage of this, your browser must support encryption protection (found in Internet Explorer release 3.0 and above). Nevertheless, when disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that there is an inherent risk in the use of email and the internet. Your information may be intercepted without our consent, collected illegally and used by others without your consent. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
External Links
Our website provides links to other websites. We do not endorse the materials disseminated at these other websites. We are not responsible for their content, validity, privacy policies or reliability of any website linked to our site.
Removal from Database
To be removed from our email database please click here to send us an email. Be sure to include the email address you used to register.
Persons Under the Age of 21
Pursuant to applicable law, persons under the age of 21 are not permitted to play at our casino, loiter in gaming areas or consume alcoholic beverages. Similarly, our website is not intended for persons under the age of 21. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Act, persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to use our site. We do not knowingly collect information from such persons.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or change this privacy policy at any time, simply by posting such changes on the site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
For questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at dora.azevedo@riverrockcasino.com.
Sign Up for News & Offers
River Rock Casino Blog
River Rock Casino
3250 Highway 128
Geyserville, CA 95441
1-877-883-7777
Map & Directions
Join The Club
Event Calendar
Casino Express
Stay & Play Packages
Partner Rewards
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Sponsorship
Privacy Policy
Mihila Kawna Wines
CA Problem Gambling
Dry Creek Tribe
Gaming Ordinance
Tort Liability Ordinance
Patron Dispute
Site Map
Guests must be 21 years or older to enter Casino.
©
River Rock Casino. An enterprise of the Dry Creek Rancheria Band of Pomo Indians.