http://www.frontrank.com/privacy-policy/
Search Products
Search for:
Product CategoriesMedieval
Late 17th Century
18th Century
Napoleonic
40mm AWI
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for exclusive offers & news.First Name*Last Name*Your Email*
CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Privacy Statement
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices please email us using our Contact Us page or write to Front Rank Figurines, The Granary, Banbury Road, Lower Boddington, Daventry, Northamptonshire NN11 6XY (UK). Alternatively, you can telephone 01327 262720.
How do we collect information from you?
We collect data to operate effectively and provide you with the best experience on our website. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you make a purchase, set up an account, set up a wish list or when you register to receive our email newsletters. We get some of it by recording how you interact with our website by, for example, using technologies like cookies.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, telephone/mobile number, a photo if you have loaded one into your account, IP address and information regarding what pages you accessed and when.
If you purchase products from us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Process and dispatch orders that you have submitted.
Perform security checks on the payment details you have provided.
To contact you if we have any queries with your order/payment.
To inform you about the delivery of goods if certain logistic services have been used for your delivery.
Send you communications which you have requested, these may include information about offers, promotions, new additions to our range, to notify you of changes to our services.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us.
When you give us personal information we take take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information such as card information is SSL encrypted and protected, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
We take all reasonable steps to keep your data safe & secure and to ensure the data is accessed only by those who have a legitimate interest to do so. Unfortunately the transmission of information over the internet can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Where we have given or where you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
How long is your information held?
We hold some types of information to fulfil our order/contract with you, to enable you to review your order history and wish list if you have set up an account with us and to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation.
Who has access to your inform?
We may pass your information to our third party service providers for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you, these may include
Processing payments, when you make a purchase your payment is processed by a third party payment processor, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
Logistics providers, such as those who deliver our orders.
Technical and support partners, such as the companies who host our website and who provide technical support and back-up services.
Sending you emails which you have requested to let you know about offers, promotions, new additions to our range, to notify you of changes to our services.
Please be reassured that we will not sell or rent your information to third parties or release your information to third parties for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes. We will only share your personal details for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you or if we are required to do so by law and we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation.
Your marketing choices
If you have subscribed to our newsletters and no longer wish to receive them please use the unsubscribe link on the newsletter or send us an email using our Contact Us page instructing us to unsubscribe you.
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you would like to change your details at any point, please log into your account and update the relevant area.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Front Rank hold about you free of charge. To request this, please email us using our Contact Us page
We reserve the right to charge an administrative fee for further copies of the same information or when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the Frontrank.com website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store the products you have added to your shopping basket. This helps us to optimise your experience on our website and deliver a more personalised service.
Links from other websites
If you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if the delivery of goods is outside the EU and our logistics company use a partner company in the destination country. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy. If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Review of this Policy
This Policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok