http://www.gameslave.co.uk/privacy.cfm
home
games
screenshots
news
reviews
forum
bf2 stats
competitions
username: password:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is something gameSlave takes very seriously and is committed to protecting. We will collect and use information through our website only in the ways disclosed in this statement.
This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
Information Collected
We collect some personal information when you provide it to us upon registering on our site. Services that we offer on our site, such as forums, news comments and competitions require registration as a condition of use.
The personal information we collect is limited to:
First and last name
Email address
Location (optional)
Your details will never be given to anyone, and your email address will never be displayed anywhere on the site.
We agree that we will never share your email with any third party, and that we will remove your email address at your request.
Your email address will only be used for notifications and updates you request.
Cookies
gameSlave does employ session cookies, which we assign to our readers in order to save their preferences. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by the browser on the hard drive of your computer. These enable us to provide features such as remembering your login and preferences. This data is not shared with any third party. You can choose to delete and disable cookies in your browser and continue browsing if you wish.
We may occasionally link to other websites in our news. Please note: when you click on links to other websites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies as their standards may differ from ours.
Traffic Monitor
Our traffic monitor and statistics provide us with details of general Internet domains, IPs and pages accessed.
This data is analysed by gameSlave in an effort to better the service we provide you.
This data will never be released to anyone.
Security
gameSlave uses all reasonable endeavours to implement security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information. However, gameSlave shall not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this website including any of your information
Corrections
To change any of your personal details, simply click on 'Your Account' when logged in and modify as needed.
If you wish to be completely removed from the user database please contact the Editor.
Sep 13 05:37 by elmaasheley147
Sod Doom 3
Sep 11 09:39 by asunaxing
Mafia City H5 game, How to increase Max Crime Ops Crews?
Sep 07 07:53 by vmtrojor6
allmänna intressen av landslaget Barcelona tröja
Sep 07 07:32 by nehywa
Black Desert gives South Korea another millionaire of online games
Battlefield 4 Footage
Battlefield 4 Teaser
BioShock Infinite Screenshots
nVidia Announce 'Project SHIELD'
Aliens: Colonial Marines Story Trailer
Star Trek Screenshots
Battlefield 3: Aftermath Launch Trailer
Metro: Last Light 'Preacher' Trailer
Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance Screenshots
Aliens: Colonial Marines 'Survivor' Mutliplayer Mode Trailer
©2008 gameSlave.co.uk - All logos and trademarks are property of their respective owners.
contact | privacy | rss