http://www.chesscorner.net/privacy2.php?PHPSESSID=893f119d7555b41500d039a25feb7f49
Privacy Policy
What Is Personal Information?
Personal information is information that identifies you and may be used
to contact you on-line or off-line. When you provide that information, we
treat this information in accordance with this policy. ChessCorner.net will
act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet
best practice.
What Information Does ChessCorner.net Collect and What Does
It Do With It?
1. Information provided on a voluntary basis
When you register you are asked to provide an email address. This is necessary
to keep you informed of your games in progress and communications with other
players. Your email address will not be publicly shown anywhere on ChessCorner.net's
web site. You are also asked for your country and gender. These are used to
foster a sense of community within the site and permits other people to know
a little about you. You may also provide your real name if you so wish. We
only use your real name in cases where there are problems with a subscription
where your real name can help us identify your payments with your account.
None of this information is shared with any third parties unless we are obliged
by law to disclose it or in cases where chesscorner.net considers you have
seriously violated chesscorner.net's Terms and Conditions.
2. Information Automatically Logged
When your web browser requests a web page from another computer on the Internet,
it automatically gives that computer the address where it should send the
information. This is called your computer's "IP address". The IP
address in itself does not identify the individual user, just the computer
used and, depending on how you connect to the internet, may often change.
We use your IP address to administer our web site. The IP address is only
used to help identify the user when problems occur and when solving the problem.
The IP address will not be used for any other purpose.
3. Cookies
A cookie is a very tiny piece of text placed on your computer's hard drive.
They can not access any other files on your computer and can only contain
the information you voluntary give to the website. They normally contain things
like your user name etc and can be deleted at any time. Cookies can not be
accessed by any other site than the site that created them. ChessCorner.net
uses cookies to store your user details and helps us to recognise that you
are logged onto the site.
Use and Storage Of Your Personal Information
In general, any information you provide to ChessCorner.net will only
be used within ChessCorner.net. It will never be supplied to any third
parties unless we are obliged or permitted by law to disclose it. Also,
if you post or send offensive or inappropriate content anywhere on or
to ChessCorner.net or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on
ChessCorner.net and ChessCorner.net considers such behaviour to be serious
and/or repeated, ChessCorner.net can use whatever information that is
available to it about you to stop such behaviour. This may include informing
relevant third parties such as your employer, school or e-mail provider
about the content and your behaviour.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as
you use the service you have requested, and remove it when you no longer
wish to continue your registration as a ChessCorner.net member. We will
ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance
with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Credit Card Information
Chess Corner never has access to your credit card information and therefore
can not store this information on our servers. When you subscribe to
ChessCorner.net your whole transaction is dealt with either by 2CheckOut.com
or PayPal on their secure servers.
Communication With Other Members
During your games you will probably communicate with your opponent or communicate
with other players in the forum or via private messaging. During this communication
you may disclose personal information about yourself. You may also want to
share information about yourself on your homepage. This information is stored
on ChessCorner.net's servers and is disclosed to other members of ChessCorner.net.
It is your responsibility to take care with the information you share with
other members. We strongly discourage anyone from giving out their email address,
home address or any other personal information to other players and if you
do this you will be held responsible for any consequences which may result.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Contact ChessCorner.net