https://www.wurmonline.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Features
The Features of Wurm Online
Free Building and Terraforming
Skills and Characteristics
Crafting and Economy
Full Loot PVP
Game Info
Wurm Status
Tutorials
Wiki
Privacy Policy
Wurm Online Game Agreement
News
Register
Shop
Media
Official YouTube Channel
Official Twitch Channel
Official Instagram
Community
Valrei Entertainment Network
Wiki
Forum
Official Discord
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update – May 24th 2018
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use our services.
This Privacy Policy applies to all domains owned by code club, including www.wurmonline.com and www.wurmpedia.com and all subdomains.
Code Club AB is committed to the protection of the privacy of its visitors. Within our services, we collect personal data in order to respond to your questions, when you purchase a product, or simply to make contact with us. Personal data may include details such as your email address, location (supplied by IP address) and other information you wish to supply.
Unless compelled by applicable legislation, we will not provide this information to a third party without your permission, except as necessary to process and fulfill your requests. In addition to the personal information that you may provide us, this site may use technology that lets us collect certain technical information such as your Internet protocol address, your computer’s operating system, your browser type, traffic patterns, and the address of any referring Websites. Any such data will be maintained in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Information we collect
We collect information volunteered by you when you register an account, purchase ingame premium time or items, participate in competitions or login to our game. We also automatically collect some information when you use our services such as IP address. Website usage information is collected using cookies. We do not store credit card details.
Privacy Protections for Children
In order to protect the privacy interests of younger Internet users, we do not allow children under the age of 18 to use our services without the consent of their parents
We do not knowingly collect or disclose information of users under the age of 16 unless for legal requirements.
Children between the ages of 16 and 18
If you are between the ages of 16 and 18, you must let your parent or guardian know about this Privacy Policy and get his or her permission before you give us any of your personal identifiable information, before you use any of our message board, instant message or chat features, before you sign up for any subscription game services, and before you buy anything from our online store.
Don’t post your real name on a web site, forum or message board, and never tell anyone online anything private about yourself or your family, including your phone number and/or address. Use screen names and not real names at all times.
Information for Parents/Guardians
If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child has submitted his or her personal information without your permission or consent, Code Club will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our databases at your request.
To request removal of your child’s information, please send us an e-mail at support@wurmonline.com and be sure to include in your message the same user name, and email address that your child submitted.
Please do not use your real name or the real name of another person when selecting a user name. Please note that your user name will be available to the Internet’s general public while you participate in some services, like forums, chat rooms or message boards, so you should exercise discretion when using these services. Personal Information disclosed by you within our chat areas, instant message service, message boards, or during game play can be collected by other users of such services and may result in unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for protecting such information that you may disclose to third parties through our services (e.g. sending your address to another user through the chat service). To the extent that you create a public profile that may be available to others on our sites and services, you are solely responsible for its content and accuracy at all times.
Processing location for this information
Code Club AB is located at  Bispmotalagatan 7a 591 30 Motala. No matter where you are located, you consent to the processing and transferring of your information in and to Sweden and other countries. The laws of Sweden and other countries governing data collection and use may not be as comprehensive or protective as the laws of the country where you live.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect the information provided via the services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any information via the Internet.
Duration of storage
We generally retain personal data for so long as it may be relevant to the purposes identified herein. To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
Use of information given
We collect information about you to process your order, manage your account, and if you agree, to email you about updates, events, and other news we think may be of interest to you.
Use of information for marketing purposes
We may also occasionally email you promotional information concerning Wurm Online products and services. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
Use of third party analytics providers
We work with third party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, for collecting information about users and their usage of our Sites and targeting advertisements on our Sites. We may share non-personal information about your use of our Sites with those third party providers. The third party providers use cookies and tracking identifiers (such as Clear GIFs, pixels, web beacons) in order to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit our Sites, including information about the pages where users enter and exit the Sites and what pages users view and visit on the Sites.
We use these advertising features to improve our marketing campaign targeting.  Google’s collection and use of information is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy (//www.google.com/policies/privacy/) and specific information regarding how Google uses of information from Google Analytics is available at How Google Uses Data When You Use Our Partners’ Sites or Apps (//www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/) and Types of Cookies Used by Google (//www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/). If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit one of the following links: Google Ads Settings (//www.google.com/settings/ads), the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (//tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/), or the NAI’s consumer opt-out (//www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
Use of cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser to not accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites and services
Our website contains links to other websites and services not hosted or provided by Code Club AB. This privacy policy only applies to this website and our services so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services. You may contact us as follows: support@wurmonline.com.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy and cookie policyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled