http://www.battlefront.com/privacy-policy
Home
Games
Upgrades
CMSF1 Upgrades
CMBN Upgrades
CMFI Upgrades
CMRT Upgrades
CMBS Upgrades
CMFB Upgrades
Shock Force 2
Battle for Normandy
Fortress Italy
Red Thunder
Black Sea
Final Blitzkrieg
Soviet-Afghan War
Community
Patches
Support
0 Items
Login
Login
Register
My Cart: 0 Items
($0.00)
Checkout
Upgrades
Shock Force 2
Battle for Normandy
Fortress Italy
Red Thunder
Black Sea
Final Blitzkrieg
Soviet-Afghan War
Privacy Policy
Battlefront.com Privacy Policy
May 2018
Battlefront.com, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Battlefront.com e-commerce website, Forums, and Help Desk.  By using the Battlefront.com website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Battlefront.com, Inc. collects personal information directly from customer input via online forms.  Information such as e-mail address, name, home address or telephone number are explicitly asked for with the explicit purpose of providing sales support services to its customers. Credit card information is instead directly transmitted by secured connection between the customer's browser and the credit card processing agent.  At no time is credit card information stored on Battlefront's servers.
Use of your Personal Information
Battlefront.com does not sell, rent, or lease its customer information to third parties. Battlefront.com may share data with trusted partners in order to help perform critical services, such as shipping physical products and facilitating payment processing. All involved parties are prohibited from using such data for any purpose other than the narrowly tailored services explicitly provded to Battlefront.com.Battlefront.com will only disclose personal information, possibly without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Battlefront.com; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Battlefront.com; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Battlefront.com's websites or the general public.
Use of Cookies
The Battlefront.com website, Forum, and Help Desk use "cookies" to help personalize the online experience.   Information gathered by cookies is not used for any purpose other than providing such support.  It is possible for customers to decline or delete cookies, however various features of Battlefront's online services may not function properly as a result.
Security of your Personal Information
Battlefront.com stores some personal information on computer servers in controlled, secure environments which are protected from unauthorized access.
Changes to this Statement
Battlefront.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Battlefront.com encourages customers to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Battlefront.com is protecting the information it collects.
Contact Information
Battlefront.com welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Battlefront.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact the Battlefront.com Help Desk by clicking on Support and then the Help Desk link.
Home
Site Map
About Us
Sales Policy
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Battlefront.
All rights reserved.