http://www.midwestgamingclassic.com/order-policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Location
At the MGC, you...
Play
Share
Meet
Discover
Learn
Compete
Vendors
Sponsors
Get Involved
Shop
Attend
2020 Show Updates
Order and Ticket Policies
This is important stuff. Please read the following policies as they cover several topics.
The Midwest Gaming Classic is operated by the GOAT Store, LLC. For the purposes of the policies on this page, the term “Midwest Gaming Classic” shall refer to the event itself as well as the GOAT Store, LLC, its authorized agents, representatives, or volunteer workers.
ORDER POLICY
The following policies apply to all orders placed with the Midwest Gaming Classic.
All orders must be placed using the order form on the Midwest Gaming Classic web site. It is the responsibility of the customer to correctly fill out the order form.
An order must be paid in full prior to issuing tickets or shipping merchandise.
Wisconsin residents will be charged sales tax (Milwaukee County, 5.6%) where applicable. Some items may have sales tax included in the purchase price.
A valid customer e-mail address is required for all orders. Use of the supplied e-mail address is governed by our privacy policy.
All placed orders are subject to verification of product availability and price. In the event of a discrepancy, the customer will be contacted to make an exchange for a different item, issue a refund, or adjust the amount due for the order.
The Midwest Gaming Classic reserves the right to refuse service to any customer for any reason. In the event an order is refused, a full refund will be issued to the customer.
The Midwest Gaming Classic reserves the right to update this policy with or without notice.
PAYMENT METHODS
The following methods of payment are acceptable for all orders:
PayPal. The amount sent through PayPal must be made for the exact amount of the order, not greater or less, in US dollars. The Midwest Gaming Classic is not responsible for the activation of a PayPal account on part of the customer or any related fees/charges.
Credit Card. Customers may submit payment using Master Card, Visa, Discover, or American Express cards. The following additional policies apply to credit card orders:
Credit card payments must be submitted using the secure checkout page on the Midwest Gaming Classic web site.
When tangible merchandise is being shipped, credit card orders will be subject to address verification prior to shipping.
Cardholder agrees to pay the full amount of the order according to their card issuer agreement.
SHIPPING POLICY
When tangible merchandise is being shipped as part of the order, the following policies apply:
Orders will be charged a shipping and handling fee in addition to the item total.
Merchandise will be shipped to any country where it is legal to do so. Higher shipping rates may apply to international orders. Items are shipped using the United States Postal Service.
The Midwest Gaming Classic is not responsible for any item lost due to an incorrect mailing address or unforeseen circumstances beyond the reasonable capabilities of the Midwest Gaming Classic.
Tracking information will be provided to customers when available. Tracking may not be available for all orders.
The Midwest Gaming Classic also delivers intangible products (event tickets) as a “print at home” option. Once payment is accepted and verified, intangible goods will be delivered on screen and/or through e-mail confirmation.
RETURN POLICY
In the event a customer wishes to return, or exchange, one or more tangible products, the following policies apply:
Customers within the United States must contact the Midwest Gaming Classic within 5 business days of receiving the merchandise. Customers outside the United States must contact the Midwest Gaming Classic within 10 business day of receiving the merchandise.
Merchandise being exchanged must be in good condition fit for re-selling. Any packaging, or material items, must be included with the returned merchandise.
Merchandise returned which is not damaged, or defective, will be subject to a 15% restocking fee.
Should merchandise arrive damaged or defective, the Midwest Gaming Classic will work with the customer to replace the merchandise or issue a refund if necessary.
The Midwest Gaming Classic may require the damaged or defective merchandise returned prior to shipping a replacement product or issuing a refund.
In the event merchandise must be returned, the Midwest Gaming Classic will cover standard USPS shipping costs. Costs for insurance or additional services beyond standard postage will not be covered.
TICKET POLICY
No refunds or exchanges except as noted. Event date, time, location, and ticket price subject to change. The following terms apply. Barcode allows one entry per scan per date purchased. Unauthorized duplication or sale of the ticket may prevent admittance for all holders of the ticket. Ticket is a revocable license. Management may, without refund, revoke this license or refuse admission for noncompliance with these terms or for disorderly conduct. You assume any and all risks occurring before, during or after event, including injury by any cause. You release management, its authorized agents, facility, attendees, and their respective affiliates and representative from any related claims. Ticket not redeemable for cash. Alcohol, drugs, contraband, and weapons may be prohibited. You consent to search on entry and waive related claims. Complimentary tickets are not exchangeable. Unlawful sale or attempted sale subjects ticket to revocation without refund. Tickets obtained from unauthorized sources may be invalid, lost, stolen, or counterfeit and if so are void. Commercial use of ticket prohibited without written approval.
2020 TICKETS AND COVID-19
Pre-order tickets purchased for the 2020 trade show may be redeemed for a future Midwest Gaming Classic trade show provided the tickets have not been previously redeemed.
CONCEALED WEAPONS
The Midwest Gaming Classic reserves the right to prohibit concealed weapons within the event.
OTHER RULES AND POLICIES
For more information on rules that apply to those attending the Midwest Gaming Classic trade show, please see our official Rules and Dress Code page.
COMMUNICATE
Questions about attending, vending, sponsoring, or how to get an extra ball?
Your Name
Your Email
Your Words
©2002-2020 Midwest Gaming Classic (a GOAT Store, LLC production).
All rights reserved.
Event
Wisconsin Center
400 W. Wisconsin Avenue
Milwaukee, WI 53203
Links
Buy Tickets
Re-Send / Re-Print Tickets
Join our Mailing List
Become a Game Host
Policies
Terms of Service
Ordering and Ticket Policies
Rules & Dress Code
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy & Cookie PolicyPrivacy Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.