http://www.cheatcodes.com/about/terms/
News
PS4
Xbox One
Wii U
PS3
Xbox 360
Wii
PS2
PC
Facebook
PSP
GBA
Other Systems
Android
Dreamcast
Game Boy
GameCube
iPhone / iPad (iOS)
N-Gage
Nintendo64 (N64)
Nintendo DS
Nintendo 3DS
PlayStation / PSOne (PSX)
PlayStation Vita (PSV)
Xbox
Privacy Policy
The following Terms of Use outline your obligations when using the CheatCodes.com website, as well as any additional sites in the gamerID network ("Network Sites").
Please also review our Privacy Policy, which outlines our obligations and practices towards handling any personal information that you may provide to us.
Acceptance of Terms
The web pages available at CheatCodes.com, all linked pages ("Site"), and the Network Sites, are owned and operated by gamerID network llc. ("gamerID Network"), a Washington limited liability company, and is accessed by you under the Terms of Use described below ("Terms of Use").
Please read these terms of use carefully before using gamerID Network or its services. By accessing gamerID Network or using any part of the Network Sites you agree to become bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions, then you may not access gamerID Network, the Network Sites, or use the content or any services offered. gamerID Network’s acceptance is expressly conditioned upon your assent to all these terms and conditions, to the exclusion of all other terms; if these terms and conditions are considered an offer by gamerID Network, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms.
Modifications of the Terms of Use
We may revise these terms from time to time, and the most current version will be at http://gamerid.com/company/terms/. If the revision, at our sole discretion, is considered a material change we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Site. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any modifications. Use of the Services after such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Terms of Use as modified.
Description of the Service
Subject to full compliance with the Terms of Use, gamerID Network may offer to provide certain services and content, as described more fully on the Network Sites, ("Services"). gamerID Network may change, suspend or discontinue the Services including any content (including, but not limited to text, user comments, messages, data, information, graphics, news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, software, audio clips, and video clips) for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any feature or content. gamerID Network may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
Your Registration Obligations
You may not (i) select or use as a gamerID Network User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as a gamerID Network User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as a gamerID Network User ID a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. We reserve the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a gamerID Network User ID at our discretion; if you select a User ID for your account we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe it infringes upon another’s rights or marks. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your gamerID Network password.
Services are available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old, whether acting on their own behalf or as an authorized employee or representative of a corporation or other business entity. If you are under 13 years old, do not attempt to register or use the Services.
Mass or serial account creation: while there are limited, legitimate reasons for creating multiple accounts, creating serial or overlapping accounts may result in account termination. Please contact us if you have questions about managing multiple accounts.
User Conduct
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or any other purpose not reasonably intended by gamerID Network. We respect other people’s rights and we expect you to do the same.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree not to use the Services:
to abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate other gamerID Network users;
to post or transmit any content that is infringing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, profane, or otherwise violates any law or right of any third party, or content that contains homophobia, ethnic slurs or religious intolerance;
for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. If you are an international user, you agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content;
to post or transmit any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any gamerID Network user;
to create or submit unwanted email ("Spam") to any other gamerID Network users or any URL;
to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws);to submit stories or comments linking to multi-level marketing schemes
with the exception of accessing RSS feeds, you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Network Sites for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Network Sites or any activities conducted on the Network Sites; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Network Sites.
attempt to impersonate another user or person;
sell or otherwise transfer your profile.
gamerID Network may remove any content and gamerID Network accounts at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content), or for no reason at all. To report Terms of Use abuse, please contact us via email.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Network Sites. gamerID Network reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users.
Content submitted or made available for inclusion on the service
By creating and posting content to gamerID Network, you warrant that you own all rights to the content, agree that the content will become the sole property of gamerID Network, and warrant that you will not object to the use of the content by gamerID Network in any context. To clarify, the above does not apply to the content on external sites linked to by the original submission.
Copyright Complaints
gamerID Network respects the intellectual property of others. It is gamerID Network’s policy to respond expeditiously to claims of copyright and other intellectual property infringement. We will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable intellectual property laws. Upon receipt of notices complying or substantially complying with the DMCA, gamerID Network may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is claimed to be infringing. gamerID Network will terminate access for account holders who are repeat infringers.
Notifying gamerID Network of Copyright Infringement: To provide gamerID Network notice of an infringement, you must provide a written communication via email to the attention of "DMCA Infringement Notification Dept." that sets forth the information specified by the DMCA (http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512). Please note that we may post your notification, with personally identifiable information redacted, to a clearinghouse such as chillingeffects.org. Please also note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is infringing your copyright.
Providing gamerID Network with Counter-Notification: If you feel that your material does not constitute infringement, you may provide gamerID Network with a counter notification by written communication via email to the attention of "DMCA Counter Notification Dept." that sets forth all of the necessary information required by the DMCA (http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512). Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others. If you are uncertain whether an activity constitutes infringement, we recommended seeking advice of an attorney.
gamerID Network Privacy Policy
gamerID Network’s current privacy policy is available at http://www.cheatcodes.com/about/privacy/ ("Privacy Policy"), which is incorporated by this reference.
Contest Rules & Eligibility Requirements
Rules and eligibility requirements for all contests, promotions, and giveaways offered on all Network Sites are available at http://www.cheatcodes.com/about/contests/ ("Contest Rules"), which is incorporated by this reference.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold harmless gamerID Network, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, customers, vendors, officers and employees from any liability, damage or cost (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and cost) from (i) any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Network Sites, use of the Services, violation of the Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or any third party using your account or gamerID Network User ID, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.
Warranty Disclaimers
You acknowledge that gamerID Network has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Network Sites or use the Services; what effects the content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the content. You release gamerID Network from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired content through the Network Sites or the Services. The Network Sites or Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. gamerID Network makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Network Sites or Services, and gamerID Network will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Network Sites or the Services. THE SERVICE, CONTENT, AND NETWORK SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Links and Merchandise
The Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because gamerID Network has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that gamerID Network is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that gamerID Network shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Neither gamerID Network nor its third party service providers make any warranties with respect to any of the merchandise, products, and/or services featured, mentioned, or sold by others on or through the Network Sites. Transactions for any such item shall be between the user and the third party seller, without any involvement of gamerID Network or its third party service providers. You agree that gamerID Network and its third party service providers are not responsible, and shall have no liability to you, with respect to merchandise, products, and/or services featured, mentioned, or sold by others on or through the Network Sites, including illegal, offensive or illicit items, or items that violate this Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall gamerID Network or its suppliers be liable under contract, tort or strict liability, negligence or other legal theory (i) with respect to the Network Sites, the Service or any content for any lost profits or special, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever, substitute goods or services (however arising), or (ii) for any direct damages in excess of (in the aggregate) $100. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations and exclusions may not apply to you.
Termination
gamerID Network may terminate or suspend any and all Services and your gamerID Network account immediately, without prior notice or liability, if gamerID Network has a reasonable belief that you may have breached any of the terms or conditions of the Terms of Use. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Services will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your gamerID Network account, you may simply discontinue using the Services. All provisions of the Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Miscellaneous
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of the Terms of Use and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind gamerID Network in any respect whatsoever. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. gamerID Network shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond gamerID Network’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). If any provision of the Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The Terms of Use is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with gamerID Network’s prior written consent. gamerID Network may transfer, assign or delegate the Terms of Use and its rights and obligations without consent. The Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, as if made within Washington between two residents thereof, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Superior Court of King County and the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (but without limiting gamerID Network’s right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction), any disputes arising with respect to this Agreement shall be referred to an arbitrator affiliated with JAMS, The Resolution Experts. The arbitrator shall be selected by joint agreement of the parties. In the event the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of the initiating party providing the other party with written notice that it plans to seek arbitration, the parties shall each select an arbitrator affiliated with JAMS, which arbitrators shall jointly select a third such arbitrator to resolve the dispute. The written decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties. The arbitration proceeding shall be carried on and heard in Seattle, Wasington using the English language and pursuant to the rules of JAMS. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the Terms of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and attorneys’ fees. Both parties agree that the Terms of Use is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of the Terms of Use, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.
Most Popular Guides on CheatCodes.com
Top 25 Hottest Video Game Girls of All Time
All Cheats to Spawn Vehicles in GTA 5
GTA 5 Full Vehicles List
Full list of GTA Online Missions, Payouts, and Rewards
Top 10 Best Grand Theft Auto 5 Cheats
Show CheatCodes.com some Love!
Tweet
Most Popular Games on CheatCodes.com
GTA V (X360)
GTA V (PS3)
GTA IV (X360)
NBA 2K14 (X1)
FIFA 14 (PS4)
Watch Dogs (PS4)
Call of Duty: Ghosts (PS4)
Titanfall (X1)
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag (PS4)
Battlefield 4 (PS4)
CheatCodes.com
Since 1996, CheatCodes.com has been the world's #1 source for game cheats, codes, guides, hints, news, and tips for Playstation 4 (PS4), Xbox One (X1), Wii U, PlayStation 3 (PS3), Xbox 360 (X360), Windows PC, iPhone, Android, Facebook games, and more. To find all the latest cheats, guides, hints and tips, visit CheatCodes.com first!
TOP GAMES
NBA 2K14 on PS4
NBA 2K14 on X1
FIFA 14 on PS4
Watch Dogs on PS4
Call of Duty: Ghosts on PS4
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes on PS4
Titanfall on X1
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag on PS4
Battlefield 4 on PS4
Warframe on PS4
inFamous: Second Son on PS4
Watch Dogs on X1
TOP GUIDES
Top 25 Hottest Video Game Girls of All Time
GTA 5 Full Vehicles List
Pokemon: LeafGreen Gameshark Codes (Pokemon LeafGreen - GBA)
CheatCodes.com's Top 10 Best Grand Theft Auto 5 Cheats
All Cheats to Spawn Vehicles in GTA 5 (Grand Theft Auto V - X360)
Submit
About
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Copyright © 1996-2020 GamerID Network LLC. All rights reserved. "CHEAT CODE®" and "Official Cheats Source™" are trademarks or registered trademarks of gamerID Network LLC in the United States and other countries and may not be used without permission. All other brands, logos, and/or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.