http://www.hollywoodcasinotunica.com/terms-of-use
Our Policy
All website users must abide by these terms
By accessing or using property name' (the “Casino”) website, www.hollywoodcasinotunica.com (the “Site” or the “Website”), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions governing use of the Site (the “Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not use or access the Site.
Use of Website
The content on the Website is for general information purposes only and is for your personal and non-commercial use. You may only use the Website in accordance with these Terms of Use, and may not use the Website to engage in any unlawful activity or fraudulent purpose or to infringe on the rights of Casino, its affiliates or others.
Proprietary Information
As between you and Casino, all content on the Website, including its appearance and look and feel, is owned by Casino unless otherwise expressly indicated on the Site. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform or create derivative works from the content, information or material on the Website.
Any Casino trademarks, trade dress, service marks or trade names that appear on the Site or are referenced on the Site are the property of Casino or its affiliates and no license or other right to use such marks, names or dress shall be deemed granted without the express written permission of Casino.
User Supplied Content
You understand and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any and all information, data, text or other materials or content that you provide to Casino, and Casino is not responsible nor liable for such user supplied content. When you post or transmit information through the Website, you grant Casino an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, world wide license to use such information for any purpose, except for such restrictions as are set forth in these Terms of Use.
You agree that you will not post offensive, abusive, harassing, unlawful or otherwise objectionable material on the Website. Casino reserves the right but not the obligation to remove, edit or relocate any user supplied content at its sole discretion.
Permitted Users and Age Policy
This Website is provided only to users over the age of 21. Please leave this site if you are under the age of 21. Additionally, if you have been placed on a self exclusion list by a governmental agency or casino, please leave this site immediately. By continuing, you hereby release Casino, its affiliates and the creators of this website from any and all liability for your use or access to the website. Casino strongly supports parental control of the internet and, if you are a parent and do not want your children viewing this website, consult the following filtering software companies:
Net Nanny
Cybersitter
Under penalty of law, persons under 21 years of age will not be allowed to loiter on Casino property or participate in any gaming activity. Casino will also not rent rooms to persons under the age of 21. Any contests, activities, or programs promoted are strictly limited to people over 21. Under the Children's Online Privacy Act and the regulations promulgated by the Federal Communication Commission, we are not allowed to accept any information from persons under 21 and individuals under the age of 21 are not permitted to view this site. Casino has the right to ask for proper ID from individuals while they are on casino property. Exception is made to the above in the case of our Racing operations where wagering is permissible by law to those 18 years old and older.
Your Responsibilities
If you have created an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your sign-in information and password. You are responsible for all uses of your account, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify Penn National Gaming of any unauthorized uses of your account.
Account Cancellation
Individuals who have created accounts on the Website may cancel their accounts at any time by notifying Casino and following the necessary cancellation procedures. There is no minimum commitment to open or maintain an account.
Links
The Website may have links to third party websites or resources. Links do not constitute endorsements by Casino of any third party websites accessible through such links, their content or any products or services made available thereon. By clicking to an outside link from the Website, you automatically release Casino from any and all liability for your use of such link. Casino has no control over the content of outside websites nor do we endorse anything that may be of a vulgar nature. You agree and acknowledge that Casino is not responsible or liable for any content or related materials contained on any of these third party websites.
Linking to the Website and/or framing any portions of the Website without Casino’s express written permission is prohibited.
No Warranty
The Content and other materials contained herein are provided "as is" and to the maximum extent permitted by law, casino, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents, subcontractors, suppliers and representatives hereby disclaim (1) all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, that the Website’s content, functions, operation or availability will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website or the systems that make it available will be free of viruses or other harmful components and (2) any liability for errors or omissions in the content contained on the Website and for any downtime experienced on the Website.
Use by United States Residents
This Website has been published in the United States and is directed towards residents of the United States. You agree to use the website in accordance with all United States federal, state and local laws and these Terms of Use. If you access the website from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with all applicable local laws. Any such foreign users should not rely on information appearing on this Website.
Limitation of Liability
Casino, and its officers, directors, employees and agents, shall not be responsible or liable for or in connection with browsing or other use of the Website or its content or downloading any materials or content from the Website, including but not limited to any liability for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or misleading statements. Users of the Website expressly understand and agree that such use is at their own risk and that Casino shall not be liable to any user of the Website or its content, or to any third party, for any loss, expense or damage, including but not limited to consequential, incidental, special, direct, indirect or punitive damages of any kind, including lost profit or revenue, however such damages arise, that results directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance upon the Website, its content or other information obtained, downloaded, linked or otherwise accessed through the Website, even if Casino has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any transactions, communications or other dealings you have with third parties found on or through the Website are solely between you and the third party. Casino makes no representations or warranties with respect to such third parties offering services on the Website. Casino shall not be responsible nor liable for or in connection with any such third party transactions, communications or other dealings.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend, release and hold harmless Casino, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees) incurred as a result of or arising from (i) your use of the Site or access by others to the Site under your authority or control or using your account or (ii) content or other information you submit, disclose, discuss or provide on the Site.
Disclaimers
The Website allows you to access and view content, including but not limited to benefit and rewards information, reservations, rsvps, online purchases, transaction history and other related information. The content contained on the Website is not guaranteed by Casino to be accurate, complete, current or reliable and is subject to errors, omissions or withdrawal without notice.
No federal agency or other governmental authority has judged the merits or value, if any, of the information provided on the Website.
Privacy
The Casino Privacy Policy, found at www.pngaming.com/privacy-policy, applies to use of the Site, and its terms are made part of these Terms of Use.
Termination of Access
You acknowledge that Casino may terminate your access to this Site or membership to this Site at any time, for any reason, with or without cause.
Changes to Website
Casino reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use and to change, suspend or discontinue all or any portion of the Website or its content at any time, in its discretion, without notice. Your continued use of or access to the Website or its content constitutes your acceptance of any modifications to these Terms of Use. You are responsible for remaining knowledgeable as to any modifications that Casino may make to these Terms of Use and have an affirmative obligation to inform Casino of any modifications to which you do not consent. Your sole remedy should you not consent to a modified term of these Terms of Use is to cease use of or access to the Website or its content. The most current Terms of Use will be available at all times through the Website and will supersede all previous versions of these Terms of Use.
Waiver
Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Use will be effective only if in writing and signed by Casino.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Missouri, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws, and the federal laws of the United States, regardless of where the user is based. You agree to bring any claims arising under these Terms of Use exclusively in courts within the State of Missouri.
Additional Terms
Additional terms, conditions and disclaimers regarding the use of website functions may appear within the body of the Website and are incorporated herein by reference.
Invalidity of Terms
If any part of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most clearly matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in effect.
Responsible Gaming
Casino is committed to a policy of Responsible Gaming at all of our gaming and racing facilities. While we recognize that the overwhelming majority of customers participate in our various forms of recreation and amenities in a responsible and rational manner, there are a very small proportion who do not. For those seeking more information on responsible gambling, or assistance with these issues, please visit our Responsible Gaming page at www.pngaming.com/responsible-gaming.
Questions, Comments, Complaints or Service Issues
If you have any questions, comments, complaints or service issues pertaining to the Website, please contact us.
COMPANY INFORMATION
Hollywood Casino Tunica
1150 Casino Strip Resort Boulevard
Robinsonville, MS 38664
The mychoice Rewards Loyalty App
×Close
Download Today and Get $10 mycash® and 5M credits at mychoice® casino.
Get real-time updates on your account with the all-new mychoice® rewards loyalty app. Plus, get $10 mycash® and 5M credits to play for fun at mychoice casino when you download the app today!
Learn More
×Close