http://www.reakktor.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
1) What information do we collect?
We collect information from you via cookies (see section 4), when you subscribe to our newsletter, fill out our contact form or get in touch with us via email.
When subscribing to our newsletter or getting in touch with us via the contact form, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name and email address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (see section 6).
2) What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
2.1 To improve our Website
We continually strive to improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
2.2 To improve our Services
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to service requests and support needs.
3) How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures from secure servers to other technology to safeguard your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. Within our internal staff, we have procedures to limit the amount of people who have access to your information.
4) Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer an optimized site experience.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in security programs. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
5) Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any information you provide. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
6) California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
7) Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
8) Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
9) Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
10) Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
11) Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, feel free to get in touch with us via email (contact [at] reakktor.com), using our contact form or via postal services using the information below.
Reakktor Studios GmbH
Walderseestrasse 30
Hannover 30177
Germany
See our imprint for more detailed contact and legal information.
TRY TOXIKK TODAY
Quick LinksHomepage
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Reakktor
KK on Facebook
KK on Twitter
Jobs
HOSTED BY
MEET US ON
QUICK LINKSTOXIKK on Steam
Get in Touch
Privacy Policy
Legal Imprint
About Us
STUDIO INFO REAKKTOR STUDIOS
Walderseestrasse 30
30177 Hannover
GERMANY, Europe
CONTACT
Need support for one of our games or is there something you want to tell us?
CONTACT US