http://www.thundervalleyresort.com/privacy-policy
Arrive
Depart
Book Now
Member Login
Activate Card
Upcoming Events
Australia's Thunder From Down Under
January 22
7:30PM
Buy Tix
Australia's Thunder From Down Under
January 23
7:30PM
Buy Tix
Newsletter Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Thunder Valley Casino is committed to protecting the privacy of our guests. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Thunder Valley Casino and Thunder Valley Casino Websites (collectively, “Thunder Valley Casino,” “Thunder Valley,” “us,” or “we”) as outlined under the “Scope” section below.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write us at:
Thunder Valley Casino – Privacy Matters
1200 Athens Boulevard
Lincoln, CA 95648
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the Thunder Valley Casino property located in Lincoln, California, USA and Thunder Valley Casino Websites that post this Privacy Policy. It does not apply to any other company nor does it apply to any person(s) not employed by Thunder Valley Casino.
Partner companies and sites – We may occasionally offer products and/or services in connection with partner companies and web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to Thunder Valley Casino in order to deliver on such products and/or services. The information that we receive is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Thunder Valley Casino's Privacy Policy does not apply to other companies or sites. We encourage you to read their privacy policies.
How Thunder Valley Casino Uses Your Personal Information
This policy outlines how Thunder Valley Casino collects personal information through gaming, contests, promotions, the Thunder Rewards Program and Thunder Valley Casino Websites and how that information will be used. “Personal information” is information that you voluntarily provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number. Personal information can also include information that is collected electronically such as transaction history and gaming activity.
We may collect personal information through (but not limited to) the following processes:
If you participate in gaming, a contest or a promotion
If you sign up for a Thunder Rewards Account
If you subscribe to direct mail marketing or e-mail subscriptions or
If you contact us via the Thunder Valley Casino Website
We may also collect personal information by e-mail, postal mail, telephone, and other means. Personal information may also include items published on Thunder Valley Casino Websites such as: your photo (if you have previously signed a Photograph Release Agreement); first name and last initial; and/or Thunder Rewards number.
When you visit Thunder Valley Casino Websites, we may set and access cookies on your computer. Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by tracking user and technological trends. Most browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Thunder Valley Casino automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser such as your IP address, software and hardware properties, and the pages you request. Thunder Valley Casino uses this information to improve products and services, internal research and analysis and to contact you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not provide personal information to third parties for the marketing of their products and services without your consent. However, we reserve the right to disclose personal information to our partners, and other third parties for the following purposes:
We provide personal information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Thunder Valley Casino. We contractually require any partner company to protect our guests on our behalf. These companies may use your personal information to help Thunder Valley Casino communicate to you offers and promotions from Thunder Valley Casino and our marketing partners
To comply with legal matters such as a subpoena, court order or a search warrant; or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims
In order to prevent, investigate, or otherwise address fraud, security issues, technical issues or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Thunder Valley Casino’s Terms of Use
In the event of a transfer to a third party of all or substantially all of the assets of Thunder Valley Casino and/or any Thunder Valley Casino Website
If you enroll in our Responsible Gaming Program
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information
To edit or delete your Thunder Rewards Account or to be removed from our direct mailing list, please visit the Rewards Center at Thunder Valley Casino with a valid government issued photo ID such as a driver’s license or military ID.
To unsubscribe from e-mail subscriptions, follow the instructions to unsubscribe contained in the messages received.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to Thunder Valley Casino’s Thunder Rewards Program, such as program changes and administrative messages that are considered part of your Thunder Rewards Account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
Thunder Valley Casino takes security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. However, no security system can guarantee 100% security. The following is a summary of the measures we take to protect your information:
We restrict access to personal information to Thunder Valley Casino team members and contractors who need to know that information in order to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have electronic, physical, and procedural safeguards such as secure socket layers, firewalls, and McAfee Safe ® Certification to protect your personal information.
Age Policy
Certain areas of our site are intended for persons 21 years of age or older. If you are under age 21, we ask that you do not provide information to us, nor will we knowingly collect information from people under the age of 21. Any offers, promotions, or contests we conduct are not open to persons younger than 21 years of age. We reserve the right to verify your age at any time for any reason and may refuse admittance or service to a person who does not have valid age identification at any time. If a child has provided us with personal information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us immediately at (916) 408-7777 or (877) 468-8777 to identify the information that must be removed.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Thunder Valley Casino may update this policy at any time without notice. The revised policy will be posted on the Thunder Valley Casino Websites.
Hotel/Rooms/Beaujolais/beaujolais1.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Beaujolais/beaujolais2.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Beaujolais/beaujolais3.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Deluxe 2 Queen Beds/deluxe_2_queen1.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Deluxe 2 Queen Beds/deluxe_2_queen2.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Deluxe King/deluxe_king1.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Deluxe King/deluxe_king2.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Provence/provence1.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Provence/provence2.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Tuscany/tuscany1.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Tuscany/tuscany2.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Tuscany/tuscany3.jpg
Hotel/Rooms/Tuscany/tuscany4.jpg
Member Login
Email Address
Password
FORGOT PASSWORD? / ACTIVATE THUNDER REWARDS
FORGOT PASSWORD
Email Address
SIGN IN HERE
Thunder Rewards Card Sign Up
first name
last name
date of birth
zip code
E-mail
Password
Confirm Password
Mobile Number
Gender
M
F
Send me exclusive communications and offers via:
Email
Text Message
Thunder Rewards Online Sign Up Terms & Conditions
*To cancel e-mail offers at any time, just click on the unsubscribe link included in any promotional e-mail.
**Thunder Valley Casino does not charge for text messages. However, standard and other charges may apply from your wireless provider.
1. I certify that I am 21 years of age or older; and I understand that a valid state or federal issued I.D. is required to obtain my Thunder Rewards Card.
2. I agree to the privacy policy terms.
I have read and agree to the Thunder Rewards Online Sign Up Terms & Conditions above.
Already a member? Activate your online account.
THUNDER REWARDS MEMBER - PLEASE FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW
Thunder Rewards Number
Pin (4-digit Thunder Rewards pin)
Date of Birth (Format: mm/dd/yyyy)
Email
Confirm Email
Create Password
Submit
Arrive
Depart
Rooms
1
Adults
1
2
3
4
Children
0
1
2
3
PROMOTION
GROUP
CORPORATE
Update
Check Availability
877-468-8777
Email:
info@thundervalleyresort.com