http://www.puzzlesolver.com/terms.php
Home
> Terms and Conditions
Puzzle of the Month
Puzzle Store
Terms & Conditions of Site Use
Thank you for using this web site. This page states the terms and conditions under which you may use the web site. It is important that you read this page carefully because by opening our web site you agree to be bound, without limitation or qualification, by these terms. If you do not accept any of the terms stated here then do not use the web site. This web site may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these terms at any time by updating this web page. You are bound by any such modification or revision and should therefore visit this page periodically to review the terms.
Disclaimer of Damages
Use of our web site is at all times "at your own risk." If you are dissatisfied with any of the materials, other contents of the web site, any of these terms and conditions, the web site's privacy policy, or any other policies, your only remedy is to discontinue use of our web site. In no event shall the web site, or its suppliers, be liable to any user or third party, for any damages whatsoever resulting from the use or inability to use the web site or the material on that site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the web site is advised of the possibility of such damages.
Copyright Protection
All contents of this web site are protected by copyright and other laws in both the United States and elsewhere. Copyrighted material includes content owned or controlled by the web site. All comments sent to the web site administrator become the property of the web site.
Please examine our Privacy Policy for more information about the use of user information.
This web site authorizes you to view, download, and distribute a single copy of the material on this web site solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not sell or modify the material or reproduce, display, distribute, or otherwise use the material in any way for any public or commercial purpose without the written permission of the web site owner.
If you would like information about obtaining permission to use any of our material on your personal web site, e-mail us.
You may freely bookmark or add links to any page contained within this web site provided that this site does not appear inside any frames. If you are to violate any of these terms, your permission to use the material automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the material.
Warranty Policy
This web site and material therein are provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. The web site, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, including but not limited to warranties of title, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement of proprietary or third party rights. The web site makes no warranties about the accuracy or reliability of the material, services, text, graphics, and/or links. The web site does not warrant that the web site will operate error-free or that this web site or its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful items. If your use of our web site or the material on this site results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, the web site is not responsible for those costs.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our web site contains links to third party web sites that are maintained by others. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the web site of the contents on these third-party web sites. The web site is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party web sites. If you decide to access linked third-party web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Links to Our Other Sites
Our website contains links to other websites that are created and maintained by us.
When visiting one of these sites, our privacy policy and terms of use remain the same.
No information of any kind is shared between these sites.
These sites are:
Braingle.com - Brain Teasers
Indemnity
By using this site you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the web site, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the material or your breach of the terms of this agreement. The web site shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall reasonably assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
If any provision of this agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and this web site. Any changes to this agreement must be made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the web site.
Site Info
Contact Us  |
Terms & Conditions  |
Privacy Policy  |
Puzzle Links  |
Copyright © 2020