http://www.igt.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Help improve Game Search?
Sad
Okay
Happy
Share
Last modified: August 9, 2017
By accessing and using this Site, you hereby acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms”) and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to bind your employer, or the applicable entity, to these Terms.
If you do not agree or if you do not have the legal authority to bind your employer or the applicable entity, do not access the Site.
You agree that your continued access of the Site is subject to any changes to the Terms that may be made by IGT at its sole discretion and that it is your responsibility to check for any such changes.
This Site is intended for adult use only as we do not market any products or services to children. Please do not access this Site if you are under 18 years of age.
Site Content
This Site includes logos, designs, images, text, audio, video and other elements or components ("Content") owned by IGT or its third party licensors which may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part, except as expressly set forth herein. IGT authorizes you to view, print, and copy the Content provided that: (a) the Content is used only for informational, non-commercial purposes; (b) you do not edit or modify the Content; and (c) you do not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices associated therewith.
Click here for IGT’s Trademark Usage Guidelines and a non-comprehensive listing of IGT Trademarks.
IGT expressly reserves all other rights related to the Site and the Content.
Except for the limited license provided herein, IGT does not grant any express or implied right to users under any patents, copyright, trademarks, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge and agree that you are expressly prohibited from using any Content found on this Site in any patent infringement proceeding against IGT.
Your failure to comply with this prohibition constitutes copyright infringement of the materials at issue.
Each instance of noncompliance with this prohibition constitutes a separate instance of infringement, and subjects you to a payment obligation in the amount of $150,000 USD per infringement, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty.
Updates and Errors
The Content published on this Site could be outdated or contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. IGT and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) or service(s) offered and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. You acknowledge and agree that IGT has no duty to update this Site or the Content hereof and IGT shall not be liable for any failure to update such Content.
Information
Except as otherwise provided herein, all ideas, concepts, techniques, comments, feedback, information or materials (collectively “Materials”) submitted through or in association with the Site shall be considered non-confidential. By submitting such Materials, you grant IGT an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, fully sublicensable, transferable, royalty-free right and license under all worldwide intellectual property rights to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, rent, sell, make, have made, import, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use the Materials for any purpose.
Support Site
Your use of IGT support sites is subject to these Terms and any applicable license and support agreement between you and IGT.
Any information posted on or in the support site is considered IGT confidential information and may not be shared with any third party for any reason without IGT’s prior written consent.
Privacy
IGT’s Privacy Notice explains how your personal data collected or provided to the Site is used.
DMCA Notice
IGT respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects you to do the same.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) of 1998, IGT will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Site if such claims are reported to IGT’s Designated Copyright Agent identified below.
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by IGT infringe your copyright, then you or your authorized agent may report alleged copyright infringements by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement (“Notice”) and delivering it to IGT’s Designated Copyright Agent.
Upon receipt of such Notice, IGT will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Site.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or – if multiple copyrighted works are covered by the Notice – you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and to which access is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link(s) shown on the Site or the exact location where such material may be found.
Provide your company affiliation (if applicable), mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
a.	“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
b.	“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of, the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all terms completed, to IGT’s Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agent
IGT
6355 South Buffalo Drive
Las Vegas, NV
89113
Legal.DMCAagent@IGT.com
Linking to this Site
IGT consents to links to this Site, provided such links do not: (a) create frames around any page of this Site or in any way alters the visual presentation or appearance of any Content; (b) misrepresent any relationship between you and IGT; and (c) create or provide a misleading impression about IGT or otherwise damages IGT’s reputation in any way.
You agree as a condition to linking to this Site that IGT, at its sole discretion, may terminate its consent to such linking and you agree to remove all such links and use of any IGT trademarks upon termination.
Third Party Sites
IGT may provide links to third party sites from this Site.
Access to any such sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of each such site which may be different from this Site. IGT is not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such provisions.
Access to Password Protected / Secure Areas
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of this Site is restricted to authorized users only. Individuals misusing passwords and unauthorized individuals attempting to access restricted areas of this Site may have their password access withdrawn and may be subject to civil liability and criminal prosecution. Each registered user of password protected and/or secure areas of this Site will maintain the confidentiality of his or her username and/or password and agrees and understands that he or she will be responsible for activities under his or her username and/or password.
Disclaimer of Warranty
USE OF THIS SITE IS YOUR RISK AND ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" WITH NO WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES.
IGT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR OTHER WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, SECURITY, AND ACCURACY. FURTHER, IGT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE IS FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES.
IGT MAKES NO WARRANTY AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED OR SECURE ACCESS TO THE SITE.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL IGT BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RELATED IN ANY WAY TO USE OF THE SITE, THE CONTENT, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF IGT IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THIS WAIVER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORIES.
Unsolicited Ideas
Neither IGT nor any its employees accept or consider any ideas, concepts or materials relating to any aspect of its business, including new or improved products, enhancements, game themes, processes, artwork, graphics or names relating to any aspect of lottery or gaming (“Ideas”), unless specifically requested by them.
Please do not send or submit any such Ideas in any form to IGT or any of its employees.
The purpose of this notice is avoid any disputes or misunderstandings should IGT release any products or services that might seem similar to Ideas submitted to IGT.
If you choose to submit any Ideas to IGT, by electronic means or otherwise, then you hereby agree to the following terms and conditions regardless of any statements by you to the contrary:
The Ideas will be treated as non-confidential.
The Ideas and any intellectual property rights relating thereto shall automatically become the property of IGT without any compensation or accounting to you.
In the event the property transfer is incomplete or ineffective then you hereby release IGT from any and all claims related to such Ideas and hereby grant IGT an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, fully sublicensable, transferable, royalty-free right and license under all worldwide intellectual property rights to use, copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, rent, sell, make, have made, import, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use the Ideas for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that you own or have all of the rights to the Ideas and have full authority to disclose such Ideas to IGT.
IGT is under no obligation to review the Ideas.
IGT is under no obligation to communicate with you regarding the Ideas or any plans related thereto.
By clicking “Close” or continuing to use our site, you acknowledge that you accept our new
Privacy Notice
and Terms of Use.
We also use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website.
You can find out more about the cookies we use and learn how to manage them here.
Close
Remove GDPR Cookie