http://www.midwestgamingclassic.com/terms-of-service/
Toggle navigation
Home
Location
At the MGC, you...
Play
Share
Meet
Discover
Learn
Compete
Vendors
Sponsors
Get Involved
Shop
Attend
2020 Show Updates
Terms of Service
The following terms of service govern the use of this web site.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The Midwest Gaming classic provides service to our customers, potential customers, affiliates, sponsors, vendors, and employees through this web site. This page contains the current terms of service which are binding for all people using the Midwest Gaming Classic web site. If you do not accept these conditions, do not use this web site. The Midwest Gaming Classic reserves the right to update these terms of service at any time with or without notice.
PRIVACY AND PERSONAL INFO
Please see our Privacy Policy page for details on what information we collect and how we use that information.
USE OF OUR IP
Permission to use documents provided by the Midwest Gaming Classic (such as press releases and FAQs) is granted provided that the documents are for a non-commercial use and no modifications of the documents are made. Additionally, the copyright notice appearing at the base of all of our Web pages must accompany any posting of material.
The documents specified above do not include any portion of this web site. No logos or graphics contained within this site may be copied without permission from the Midwest Gaming Classic.
SITE CONTENT
This web site may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Any opinions expressed on this web site are not necessarily the opinions of the Midwest Gaming Classic. Changes are periodically made to the web site.
LIABILITY LIMIT
The Midwest Gaming Classic makes no representations about the information contained on this web site and in no event shall the Midwest Gaming Classic and/or its respective suppliers, affiliates, or sponsors be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from the loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information provided by the Midwest Gaming Classic.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED, INDEMNIFICATION
Although this web site is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed, referenced or made available on this site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. We make no representation that materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the Sites from other locations do so on their own initiative and at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The Midwest Gaming Classic reserves the right to limit the availability of the Sites and/or the provision of any product or service described thereon to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction it so desires at any time and in our sole discretion and to limit the quantities of any such product or service that we provide. Use of the Sites is void where prohibited.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our affiliates, sponsors, officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (a) your breach of this agreement and/or (b) your activities in connection with the Midwest Gaming Classic or related services.
CONTENT OWNERSHIP
By sending or transmitting to us content, or by posting such content to any area of the Midwest Gaming Classic web site, you grant us and our designee’s a worldwide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to link to, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), adapt, create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform or otherwise use such content in any media now known or hereafter developed. You hereby grant the Midwest Gaming Classic permission to display your logo, trademarks and company name on this web site and in press and other public releases or filings. Further, by submitting content to the Midwest Gaming Classic, you acknowledge that you have the authority to grant such rights to the Midwest Gaming Classic. Please note that you retain ownership of the content, any copyrights, trademarks and service marks in your submissions to the Midwest Gaming Classic.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Copyright © 2019 The GOAT Store, LLC d/b/a the Midwest Gaming Classic. All rights reserved. All material on this web site, including text, photographs and graphics are protected by international copyright and trademark laws. Unauthorized use is not permitted. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute, in any manner, the material on this Web Site. All company names, product names, images, marks are trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
ACCOUNT
Some areas of the Midwest Gaming Classic web site may require you to register with us. When and if you register, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by our registration form (including your e-mail address) and (b) to maintain and update your information (including your e-mail address) to keep it accurate, current, and complete. You acknowledge that should any information provided by you be found to be untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we reserve the right to terminate this agreement with you and your current or future use of the Midwest Gaming Classic web site (or any portion thereof).
You will receive passwords and account designations upon completing certain Site registration processes and are wholly responsible for maintaining the confidentiality thereof and wholly liable for all activities occurring thereunder. You agree not to distribute, transfer or resell your use of or access to the Midwest Gaming Classic web site to any third party. The Midwest Gaming Classic cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from a user’s failure to comply, including any loss or damage arising from any user’s failure to: (1) immediately notify Midwest Gaming Classic of any unauthorized use of his or her password or account or any other breach of security; and (2) ensure that he or she exits from his or her account at the end of each session. YOU ARE SOLELY AND ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR PASSWORDS AND ACCOUNT DESIGNATIONS AND ARE SOLELY AND ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES THAT ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT.
MAILING LISTS
The Midwest Gaming Classic provides a voluntary mailing list service. Individuals may register on this web site to receive e-mail messages from the list. Information relating to unsubscribing will be available on the registration page and contained within any e-mail message from the mailing list.
UNSOLICITED IDEA POLICY
The Midwest Gaming Classic does not accept or consider unsolicited ideas including ideas for new software, hardware, advertising campaign or promotions. If you do send us your ideas and/or materials, you must understand that the Midwest Gaming Classic will make no assurances that your ideas and/or materials will be treated as confidential or proprietary.
COMMUNICATE
Questions about attending, vending, sponsoring, or the best racer in Mario Kart?
Your Name
Your Email
Your Words
©2002-2020 Midwest Gaming Classic (a GOAT Store, LLC production).
All rights reserved.
Event
Wisconsin Center
400 W. Wisconsin Avenue
Milwaukee, WI 53203
Links
Buy Tickets
Re-Send / Re-Print Tickets
Join our Mailing List
Become a Game Host
Policies
Terms of Service
Ordering and Ticket Policies
Rules & Dress Code
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy & Cookie PolicyPrivacy Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.