https://www.seminolebrightoncasino.com/privacy-policy.htm
Patron Claims
Privacy Policy
Published Date: January 18, 2020.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020.
General Statement
The Seminole Tribe of Florida is a federally recognized Indian tribe doing business as Seminole Gaming (“Seminole Gaming”, “us”, “our” or “we”), and has prepared this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and sharing (collectively, “Processing”) of Personal Information (defined below) through our websites (collectively, the “Sites”, listed below), and any services offered on or through the Sites (the Sites and the services are collectively referred to as the “Services”). Where additional detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we provide supplementary privacy notices to describe how Personal Information is processed. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Sites. Please review the privacy policies of any third party website or application for more information about how they process your Personal Information.
www.seminolehardrockhollywood.com
www.seminolehardrocktampa.com
www.seminolecoconutcreekcasino.com
www.seminoleimmokaleecasino.com
www.seminoleclassiccasino.com
www.seminolebrightoncasino.com
www.hardrockpoker.com
www.theseminolecasinos.com
www.gotoworkhappy.com
www.seminolewildcard.com
www.seminolesocialcasino.com (The privacy policy and terms and conditions for Seminole Social Casino, more specifically the websites and mobile applications, and any services offered on or through the Sites and the App, can be found here.)
Seminole Gaming collects certain Personal Information about you to facilitate our relationship. We are committed to keeping your Personal Information secure. Providing Personal Information is optional; however, if you choose not to provide the requested Personal Information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Sites or to complete other Services such as reservations, purchases, credit applications, or employment applications.
By using the Sites or by providing your Personal Information to us, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any written agreement(s) in effect in connection with any of our products or services.  If you do not consent, then please do not access and/or use our Sites or Services.  If you are a resident of California, you may have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as set forth on our California Privacy Rights page.  If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you may have additional rights as set forth in Appendix A below.
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is any information that identifies or is capable of being associated with a particular person.  Personal Information may be stored electronically or in physical documents.
Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, data such as first name, last name, address(es), phone number(s), email address, credit card number, identification number (driver’s license, social security or national number, passport number), bank account/financial information, date of birth, marital status, social network ‘handle’, geolocation information, Seminole Wild Card number, purchase information, gaming activity information, biometric information, preference information, survey answers/opinions, and other similar information. Personal Information may also include all or part of the information you provide when applying for a job position.
Collection of
Personal Information and other data
We may collect information in three different ways: (1) information you provide to us; (2) information we receive from third parties; and (3) information collected through various automated collection technologies.
Information You Provide.  You may provide Personal Information under a wide range of circumstances, including, but not limited to, when you log into the Sites, submit information through the Sites, apply for credit, make a purchase, sign up for email notifications, start or make a reservation, enter a promotion, complete a survey, or respond to a job posting.
Seminole Gaming may collect other Personal Information about you, such as information about your gaming and betting history and your transactions with us or with other third parties. Personal Information may be received through direct correspondence with Seminole Gaming (email, mail, telephone, or other means).
If you use the Sites to make a payment (such as, for example, for hotel purchases or for the vendor registration fee), we and our third party payment processors collect information about the transaction. This includes the date of the transaction, payment information such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing and contact details. For the applicable third party payment processor’s privacy policy, please visit First Data (https://www.firstdata.com/en_us/privacy.html) for hotel reservations and vendor registration fee payments.
If you visit one of our casinos, hotels, entertainment venues, or restaurants, Personal Information may be received through use of one of our many services such as concierge, amenities, room service, etc., when you register for special events, make a purchase, or during security monitoring for your safety and detection of fraud, cheating or money laundering.
During tournaments, contests, raffles, conventions, entertainment events, or other special activities (or periodically during regular business), we may record video/film or take photographs.  Signage is generally posted.  These images may be used on our Sites or Social Media.
Information From Third Parties.  We may collect information about you from various third parties.
We may receive information from credit or financial institutions, including but not limited to National Cred-A-Chek (NCC), in connection with Seminole Gaming credit approval.  We may combine this information with other Personal Information we have collected about you under this Privacy Policy. For NCC’s privacy policy, please visit https://nccreports.com/index.php?privacy.
Information Collected Through Automated Technologies.  Seminole Gaming and its service providers also use automated collection technologies to collect certain data as further described below.  This information tells us about how people use the Sites so that we can analyze its effectiveness and provide you with a better web experience.  We collect this information through a variety of technologies, including “cookies” and analysis applications, as discussed below.
(a) Server Log Files
Like most websites, the Sites gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, operating system, internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, date/time stamp of access, and clickstream data, and information about the content you view on the Sites.  When you visit the Sites, the servers automatically log your IP address, the time and duration of your visit, and the time and duration spent on the pages of the Sites which you view.  If you arrive at the Sites by clicking a paid advertisement or a link in a communication, then the server will capture information that tracks your visit from that link.  If you arrive at the Sites by clicking on a non-paid source, such as a search engine result or link on another website, the server captures information that tracks your visit from that source, to the extent available. The server also captures information from direct traffic.
The server log files are not analyzed with respect to individuals.
(b) Cookies and Other Visit Tracking Technologies
As is standard practice on many websites, the Sites use “cookies” and other technologies to help Seminole Gaming understand which parts of the Sites are the most popular and the preferences of Seminole Gaming’s users.  Seminole Gaming may also use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on the Sites, to improve its functionality and usability as well as to improve the effectiveness of our communications with users.  Seminole Gaming may also use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience to you during your interactions with the Sites.
A cookie is a unique alphanumeric identifier that websites use to help identify the number of unique visitors to a website, whether or not those visitors are repeat visitors, and the source of the visits.  If you prefer to disable cookies, you may do so through your web browser’s security settings.  Please note that certain features of the Sites may not be available once cookies have been disabled.
We use two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Sites. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Sites.
Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer.
Clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Sites to, among other things, track the activities of Sites visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Sites usage. You may view and change your preferences at any time by using the ‘Privacy Settings’ in your web browser. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
Some of our email communications to you may contain links to content on the Sites.  When you click one of these links, it passes information through the Seminole Gaming web server before you arrive at the destination web page.  Seminole Gaming tracks this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications.  If you prefer not to be tracked, simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in emails you receive from Seminole Gaming.
(c) Do Not Track Signals
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in the cookies section (e.g., by disabling cookies). Please note that we do not collect, and we not aware of third parties that collect, Personal Information from users of the Sites about users’ online activities on third party websites.
(d) Third-Party Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Sites and Services. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Sites, Services, performance and user experiences. These devices and applications may use cookies, tracking pixels and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your Personal Information with these third parties.
Use of
Personal Information
We and our service providers may use your information, including your Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To present our Sites, Services, and related content to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services and/or Sites, to contact you regarding your account status, changes to the account agreement, special discounts, promotions, products offered and other matters relevant to the Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To personalize marketing materials and promote our products and services, to provide you with products or services you have requested directly or through a third party that is approved by Seminole Gaming, and to provide news and event information.
To make a credit determination and then manage the account (if applicable).
To register and manage Seminole Wild Card member accounts.
To manage our contractual relationship with you.
To continue our ongoing efforts to expand your experience and make improvements to our Sites, Services, as well as casinos, hotels, and other properties.
To administer your participation in a contest, notify the winners and award prizes.
To assist you when you contact our customer care center(s) for services such as information on your Seminole Wild Card membership, assistance with hotel or restaurant reservations, transportation and traveling arrangements,  tickets, or other assistance as requested.
To provide any legally required reporting to governmental or regulatory entities.
On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we provide at that time.  You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time; however, we may have other legal grounds for processing your information, including those identified above.
Sharing of Information
We may share your Personal Information as follows:
Affiliates.  We may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you with our affiliates; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your Personal Information will be maintained by them in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers.  We may disclose Personal Information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf (“Service Providers”).  For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing data storage and management, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing property management services, providing advertising or marketing services, or providing analytic services. We only provide our Service Providers with the information or access to information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf.  Each Service Provider must agree to use commercially reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure.  Service Providers may only use the Personal Information to provide services to Us and are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as authorized by us under this Policy.
Business Transfers.  If we are acquired by, or merged with, another entity, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another entity, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, or if we are evaluating or in negotiations with respect to any such transaction, we may transfer, or make available, the Personal Information we have collected from you to the other entity or resulting legal entity.
In Connection with Legal Process.  We also may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations, a government investigation, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others.  We also may disclose the Personal Information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, suspected violations of this Policy, any applicable terms and conditions for Services provided through the Sites or at any hotel and casino owned or operated by Seminole Gaming, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregated and De-Identified Information.  We may share aggregate or de-identified Personal Information about users with third parties and publicly for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes.
Job Applications.  If you apply for a job position, some of your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, including but not limited to iCIMS, in order to confirm education, work history, references, etc. For iCims’ privacy policy, please visit www.icims.com/legal/privacy-policy-website.
We do not disclose Personal Information to third parties, including for their direct marketing purposes, without your consent except as explained in this Privacy Policy.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Sites may include third party advertising. We do not provide your Personal Information to these third party advertisers; however, they may use technology to send the advertisements that appear on the Sites to your browser. In this process, the third party advertiser automatically receives your IP address. They may also employ cookies and web beacons to measure the effectiveness of their own advertisements and to personalize your interaction with them. We do not have access to or control over the cookies, web beacons or other technology these third party advertisers may use, and any information collected by these third party advertisers is not covered by this Privacy Policy.  Please contact them directly for further information regarding their information privacy policies. For your reference, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies, including methods of “opting-out” of their information collection practices (http://www.networkadvertising.org/faq).
The Sites may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided for your convenience. We are not responsible for and have no control over the content that appears on these other websites. Seminole Gaming makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the content of any of these linked websites.  Please note that when you click on one of these links, you will leave the Sites and will be subject to the policies and privacy practices of the other websites, which may differ significantly from our Privacy Policy.  Please review such third parties’ privacy policies before providing any Personal Information to them.
Data Retention and Disposal
Seminole Gaming keeps customer information for as long as is necessary for business purposes, or as legally required by appropriate state, federal and regulatory authorities. Retention periods vary depending on the type of information and how it is used.  The criteria we use to determine the appropriate retention periods include:
How long we have a relationship with you and provide services or products to you.
Whether there is a legal, contractual or similar obligation that requires us to keep your information for a certain period of time.
Whether you have consented to retention of your information for a longer period of time.
Whether the personal information is sensitive.
When we no longer need to use or retain your Personal Information, both physical and electronic records are destroyed.
Data Security
We use industry standard security safeguards to help protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure. Despite these efforts, please understand that no system is perfect we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or theft of data will not occur, so you should exercise caution when transferring personal and other sensitive information over the Internet.  Please advise us immediately at dataprotection@shrss.com of any incident involving the loss of or unauthorized access to or disclosure of Personal Information that is in our custody or control.  Seminole Gaming maintains Incident Response and Business Continuity Plans to address data incident situations.
You are responsible for keeping your account login credentials confidential. You should not share such login credential with any other person as you are responsible for all activity on your account. Be sure to sign off when finished if you are using a shared device. You must immediately notify us if you are aware or suspect any unauthorized use of your account. Please note that Seminole Gaming will never ask for a password other than on the log-in page of an official Seminole Gaming site.  Links are available on these Sites to request assistance.
Age Policy
The Sites are not intended for use by or directed to any person under the age of 18. Any use of the Sites by persons under the age of 18 should only be under the direct supervision of that minor’s parent or legal guardian.
We do not knowingly collect information from persons under the age of 18 through the Sites.
If you believe we have received Personal Information belonging to someone under age 18, please email dataprotection@shrss.com and, after reasonable confirmation, we will delete the Personal Information of the minor.
We strongly support parental control of the internet. If you are a parent and want to prevent your children from using the Sites or the Services, then you may want to consult the filtering software companies, such as Net Nanny and Cybersitter. Net Nanny and Cybersitter are third party service providers that are not affiliated with us or any of our subsidiaries or affiliates and we have no responsibility for the services provided by such providers.
Pursuant to law, persons under the age of 21 are not permitted to gamble at our property or loiter in casino areas. Notwithstanding the foregoing, persons who have obtained age of 18 may participate in class 2 poker and class 2 bingo games at our properties. Seminole Gaming will not grant credit to anyone under the age of 21. Persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to accept offers or win contests related to gambling (except that persons 18 years of age and older may enter contests for poker tournaments), and we do not knowingly collect information from such persons.
User Generated Content
We may invite you to post content on or through public areas of our Sites, including your comments, photos, videos, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Sites.  Please note, however, that if you post such content to public areas of our Sites, all of the information or content that you post may be available to other visitors or users of our Sites.  Your postings and content may become public and we cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, applicable law, or your personal privacy. Further, please note that all such content you post must comply with our Terms and Conditions of Use or it is subject to removal.
ACCESS, CORRECTION, AND CHOICE
You have choices about the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information, including:
Deletion: You can request that we erase or delete all or some of your Personal Information (for example, it is no longer necessary to provide services to you).
Change or Correct: You can review and edit your Personal Information by logging onto the Sites and visiting your account at any time.
Object to or Restrict Use: You can request that we stop using some or all of your Personal Information or restrict our use of your Personal Information.
Access: You can access the Personal Information you submit to our Sites via your account at any time.
Copy: You can request a copy of your Personal Information.
Right to Portability – provides the ability to request Personal Information in machine readable format (for example, CSV).
Marketing: Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
Withdrawing Consent: If we have collected or processed your Personal Information with your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information based on other lawful processing grounds.
If you request access, correction, amendment or deletion of your Personal Information and you have more than one account with us, you will need to instruct us on each account separately. Reasonable access to Personal Information will generally be provided within thirty (30) calendar days at no cost to you, subject to limited exceptions prescribed by law or excessive requests. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.  Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete requests or transactions that occurred prior your request.  We will also retain your Personal Information if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, detect or prevent fraud and abuse, and enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use. We may also need to retain your Personal Information if required by gaming industry regulations, federal tax statutes and other legal requirements (e.g., information on our customers who self-report; tax reporting documents; player winnings, and any statistics, reports or listings that are required to protect our casino properties).
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to access, update, review or change the details you have provided to us with, please contact us as set out below.
PROCESSING IN UNITED STATES; CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
We are located in the United States.  Please be aware that, depending on your location, your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country.  If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we store all Personal Information in the United States.  The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location.  By using the Sites or Services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
We may transfer your Personal Information to other countries in compliance with applicable laws.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those countries may have access to your Personal Information.
Seminole Gaming certifies under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which provides a set of requirements governing the use and treatment of Personal Information received from the European Economic Area.  Please see the information provided under the section “EU-US Privacy Shield” below.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites.  By continuing to use the Sites, the App or Services on or after the Last Updated date, you consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
INTERPRETATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights, or impose upon Seminole Gaming any rights or obligations outside of, or in addition to, any rights or obligations imposed by applicable country, state, and other privacy laws, as applicable.  Should there be, in a specific case, any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws, this Privacy Policy shall be interpreted in that case to give effect to, and comply with, such privacy laws.
SEVERABILITY
The provisions of this Privacy Policy are intended to be severable. If for any reason any provision of this Privacy Policy shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.
Contact Information
You may address all communications to Seminole Hard Rock Support Services, LLC, Attn: Data Protection Office (DPO), 5701 Stirling Road, Davie, Florida 33314, or email to dataprotection@shrss.com. Please include your name, address and phone number or email in all communications and state clearly the nature of your request. If you wish to make a request to access the Personal Information we collect and store about you,  complete this form.
EU/US PRIVACY SHIELD COMPLIANCE
We comply with the EU/US Privacy Shield framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information from European Economic Area and the United Kingdom.  We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability.  For purposes of enforcing compliance with the Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the Federal Trade Commission.
If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov/list.
This Privacy Policy describes the categories of Personal Information that we may receive in the United States and the purposes for which we use that Personal Information.
In compliance with the EU/US Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information.  European Economic Area data subjects with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact Seminole Hard Rock Support Services, LLC, Attn:  Data Protection Office (DPO), 5701 Stirling Road, Davie, Florida 33314, or email to dataprotection@shrss.com.
Please include your name, address and phone number or email in all communications and state clearly the nature of your request or concern.  If you wish to make a request to access the personal information we collect and store about you, complete this form.
We provide a private sector independent recourse mechanism (located in the United States) to investigate and expeditiously resolve individual complaints and disputes.  This dispute mechanism will cover all categories of Personal Information except for human resource data.  For more information, visit the website for ICDR®/AAA® EU-U.S. Privacy Shield:  International Centre for Dispute Resolution®, the international division of the American Arbitration Association® (ICDR/AAA) at go.adr.org/privacyshield.html.  The services of ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you.  Under certain limited conditions and as a last resort, the individual can invoke binding arbitration.
If we transfer your Personal Information to a third party, we will ensure the third party is contractually obligated to process your data only for limited, specific purposes consistent with this policy, to apply the same level of protection to that data as the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, and notify us if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet this obligation.  Upon notice, we will take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing.  In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data received pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield, we are potentially liable.
When required, we must disclose Personal Information to comply with lawful requests from government authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
APPENDIX A - ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA DATA SUBJECTS
This Appendix outlines certain additional information that we must provide to persons in the European Economic Area as well as certain rights such residents have with respect to the processing of their Personal Information under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  For persons in  European Economic Area, the term Personal Information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
A.        Legal Bases for Processing of Personal Information
We process the personal Information collected for the purposes described in the sections entitled “Collection of Personal Information and Other Data,” “Use of Personal Information,” and “Sharing of Information” in our Policy.  The legal bases for our processing activities include processing Personal Information as necessary to comply with our contractual obligations, compliance with our legal obligations, protecting the safety of our employees, guests and others, for our legitimate business interests, and pursuant to your consent.  The particular legal basis for the processing of your Personal Information is based on the purpose for which such information was provided or collected.
We use Personal Information, such as name, address, email and credit card information, as necessary to perform Services, such as fulfilling ticket purchases or making reservations at properties owned or operated by Seminole Gaming.  In some instances, we are not able to provide our Services and products according to our contracts unless you provide us with certain necessary Personal Information.  This collection and processing of the Personal Information is based on Article 6 para. 1 (b) GDPR (necessary for the performance of a contract with you).
We may also process your Personal Information if we have received your consent, to respond to requests from you or to take actions in our legitimate interest, such as for marketing purposes or to otherwise inform you of our business operations, and to improve our products and services.  Please note that if we rely on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time, but such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your Personal Information prior to the withdrawal.
B.         Data Retention
See “Data Retention And Disposal” above for our retention policies.
C.         Data Subject Rights
Data subjects of the European Economic Area have the following rights:
Access,
Correction and Erasure Requests:
You have the right to:
contact us to confirm whether we are processing
your Personal Information;
receive certain information on how your Personal
Information is processed;
obtain a copy of your Personal Information;
request that we update or correct your Personal
Information; and
request that we delete Personal Information in
certain circumstances.
Right
to Object to Processing:  You have
the right to request that we cease processing of your Personal Information
based on our legitimate business interests, including profiling, unless we
are able to demonstrate a compelling legitimate basis for such processing
or we need to process your Personal Information for the establishment,
exercise, or defense of a legal claim.
You also have the right to object, at any time, to processing of
your Personal Information for direct marketing, which includes profiling
to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right
to Restrict Processing:  You have
the right to request that we limit the processing of your Personal
Information:
while we are evaluating or in the process of
responding to a request by you to update or correct your Personal
Information;
where such processing is unlawful and you do not
want us to delete your data;
where we no longer require such data, but you
want us to retain the data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of
a legal claim; and
where you have submitted an objection to
processing based on our legitimate business interests, pending our
response to such request.
Data
Portability Requests:  You have the
right to request that we provide you or a third party that you designate
with certain of your Personal Information in a commonly used,
machine-readable format.  Please
note, however, that data portability rights apply only to Personal
Information that we have obtained directly from you and only where our
processing is based on consent or the performance of a contract.
If you believe our processing of your Personal Information violates the GDPR, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.  You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged violation.
D.        Submitting Requests
European Economic Area data subjects can submit requests by completing this form.  We will respond to all such requests within the timeframe required under the GDPR.  Please note, however, that certain Personal Information may be exempt from such rights pursuant to the GDPR.  In addition, we will not respond to any request unless we are able to appropriately verify the requester’s identity.  We may charge you a reasonable fee for subsequent copies of Personal Information that you request.  In addition, if we consider that a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may either request a reasonable fee to respond to the request or deny the request.
Stay Connected
SEMINOLE WILD CARD
A member program that allows you to earn rewards, offers and benefits at any of our 6 Seminole Casinos in Florida.
Sign Up
SEMINOLE WILD CARD
A member program that allows you to earn rewards, offers and benefits at any of our 6 Seminole Casinos in Florida.
*
FIND US ON
Visit our facebook pageVisit our youtube pageVisit our instagram pageVisit our linkedin page