http://www.spirit-mountain.com/privacy-policy
Oh no - your browser is out of date, so some of the features on this site may not function properly. Please upgrade or download Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox for the best experience.
With the current rise in COVID-19 cases, Spirit Mountain Casino is implementing the temporary safety measure of making the entire casino facility non-smoking effective 11/17/20. This includes 20 feet from all entrances, lodge, casino, lobbies, etc.  This measure will stay in place until further notice. Thank you for your understanding and patience.
Spirit Mountain Casino Requires Face Masks & Smoking is not allowed indoors or within 20 feet of any entrance. For details on our safety measures please see our Health & Safety Plan
Close
Spirit Mountain Casino
Casino
Back to Main Menu
Casino
Gaming
Table Games
Back to Casino
Casino / Table Games
Blackjack
Bonus Let It Ride
Craps
Pai Gow
Roulette
Three Card Poker
Ultimate Texas Hold ‘Em
Poker
Back to Casino
Casino / Poker
Poker Events
Ways to Play
Slots
Keno
Coyote Club
Back to Casino
Casino / Coyote Club
Sign Up
Benefits
Platinum Hosts
Winners
Promotions
Hotel
Back to Main Menu
Hotel
Book a Room
Restaurants
Back to Main Menu
Restaurants
Dining Options
Cedar Plank Buffet
Legends Restaurant
Mountain View Sports Bar
Summit View Lounge
Events
Back to Main Menu
Events
Event Schedule
Free Entertainment
Amenities
Back to Main Menu
Amenities
Conference Facilities
Arcade
Gift Shop
RV Parking
SIPS - Coffee, Tea and Wine Bar
Sports Betting
Additional Links
Coyote Club Sign Up
View Promotions
Get Directions
Shuttle Schedule
About Us
Careers
Blog
Privacy Policy
Spirit Mountain Casino is firmly committed to protecting your online privacy. During your use of this website, we may collect certain information about you that you may consider private or confidential. We are providing you with this notice to explain our policies for collecting, using and sharing this information with others.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Spirit Mountain Casino website, we track and collect certain information that is non-personally identifiable. This information includes:
your operating system
your web browser
your IP address
the duration of your use
the pages viewed
search words
dates and times that our site is accessed
This information does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on our website.
You may be asked to provide personal information so that we can respond to your request for information. We will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our site activities.
We may combine information collected online through the site with any other data we have collected about you using our offline resources including but not limited to players club accounts, surveys, guest comments, and market research.
CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Special Promotions or Informational Emails
Occasionally, we request visitors of the site to provide your name and  e-mail address in order to provide you with information about, for example, promotions and special offers, or to receive electronic newsletters.
Online Surveys
Occasionally, we may also ask you to fill out an online customer survey, to obtain your suggestions or comments to better understand the effectiveness of Spirit Mountain Casino services, this website or for similar purposes. Providing this information is solely at your choice.
Cookies
We currently use “cookies” on our website to detect your web browser’s multimedia capabilities and to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding website usage. Cookies may also be used to help speed your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during registration) but does not include data that will identify you personally. "Cookies" are text files that store very small bits of information that help to identify you and your session interacting with a website. To learn more specifics about how cookies work, please refer to the help section of your web browser.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our network. This includes personalized services, interactive communications, electronic newsletters and many other types of services, all of which are completely free to you. By knowing a little about you, Spirit Mountain Casino is able to deliver more relevant offers and content, and hence better service, to you. Spirit
Mountain Casino does internal research on our customers’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration for the Coyote Club, email newsletters and other services. We do this to better understand and serve our customers.
When you are on the Spirit Mountain Casino site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Spirit Mountain Casino alone unless specifically stated otherwise. In order to provide co-branded service to you, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our partner companies. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than Spirit Mountain Casino, you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.
Except as provided for herein, we do not disclose to third parties any information obtained through our website without your consent. Your information may be disclosed if necessary: (1) to protect and defend our rights or property; (2) to comply with a court order or other legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authorities, including but not limited to, authorities which regulate gaming activities; or (3) in our sole
discretion, in extraordinary circumstances in which we deem such disclosure is prudent.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
We take every reasonable precaution to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Nevertheless, when disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that there is an inherent risk in the use of e-mail and the internet. Your information may be intercepted without our consent can be collected illegally and used by others without your consent. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Our website may provide links to other websites. We do not endorse the materials disseminated at other websites. We are not responsible for the content, validity, privacy policies or reliability of any website linked to our site. The information practices of those Web sites linked to the Spirit Mountain Casino site are not covered by this privacy statement.
REMOVAL FROM DATABASE
To be removed from our e-mail database, send an e-mail to us or call us. Be sure to include the e-mail address you used to register.
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 21
Pursuant to applicable law, persons under the age of 21 are not permitted to gamble at our casinos, loiter in gaming areas or consume alcoholic beverages. Similarly, our website is not intended for persons under the age of 21. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Act, persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to use our site.   Spirit Mountain Casino does not collect information from anyone under the age of 21.
If we become aware of such information, steps will be taken to remove it.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify or change this privacy policy at any time, simply by posting such changes on the site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
Visit Spirit Mountain
Nestled in the heart of Polk County, Spirit Mountain is just 60 minutes south of Portland.
Get Directions
Connect on Facebook
Connect on Facebook
Connect on Twitter
Connect on Twitter
Default thank you content
Oh no - your browser is out of date, so some of the features on this site may not function properly. Please upgrade or download Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox for the best experience.