http://www.role-players.com/Eaxia/playerpolicy.php#SECTION11
A game full of adventure!Play for free (create now)
LOGIN
·
F.A.Q.
·
LOST PASSWORD
Eaxia: The Return
Eaxia Online may be relaunched with your support!
Please click here to read more...
Login
Create Account
Lost Password
Game Information
F.A.Q.
Library
Maps
Wiki
News Archives
Downloads
Community & Help
Support
Message Forums
Calendar of Events
Game Status
Fan Websites
Rules & Policy
Player Policy
Conduct
Character Naming
Harassment
Player vs. Player
A.F.K. / Scripting
Privacy Policy
Company
Role-Players Gaming Network
Apply For Staff
Contact Us
Player Agreement Policy
EAXIA ONLINE
PLAYER AGREEMENT POLICY
SEE ALSO ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
1.0 PURPOSE
The purpose of this document is to outline the policies by which users may participate in the Eaxia Online gaming service by (previously "EaxiaMUEG") Role-Players Gaming Network ("R.P.G.N.").
This policy is to be adhered to by both Eaxia staff members ("staff") and Eaxia Online players ("players", "users", "account owners", and "account holders") to ensure fair dealings with and enjoyment of participants.
2.0 TERMS OF SERVICE
Eaxia will always be an evolving game, continually striving to meet the user needs for entertainment.
As such there will be periods of upgrades, both of a software and hardware nature, which may affect the availability of the game.
R.P.G.N. is obligated to make reasonable efforts to correct software problems and to return the game to service as quickly as possible.
R.P.G.N. is not responsible for interruption in service unrelated to their own hardware or software, such as, but not limited to, internet routers, user's internet service provider, etc.
R.P.G.N. is not obligated to credit customers with any form of data pertaining to the game (experience, game wealth, lost items, etc.) resulting from interruptions in service (see section 5.0 for exceptions).
Eaxia is presented on an "as is" basis and use of the game is considered to be the user's acceptance to this policy, future published policies, and any risk incurred in a multi-user online gaming service.
R.P.G.N. reserves the right to publish new policy documents or revisions either on their website or through announcement within the gaming environment (including general announcements, system login news, etc.).
The user is responsible for keeping themselves informed as to the content of published policies and any revisions made therein.
The user is also responsible for providing the necessary equipment, software, and rendering any fees for online internet access (such as obtaining the services of an internet service provider (I.S.P.)) in order to connect to the Eaxia Online gaming service.
3.0 DEVELOPMENT AND MODIFICATIONS TO MECHANICS
R.P.G.N. reserves the right to make modifications and additions to the Eaxia software and hardware without prior notice.
Changes will be required to expand the gaming system, to better balance the game between character professions, to resolve software conflicts (i.e. software bugs), to increase the difficulty of some game systems in an attempt to further challenge users, etc.
Playing enjoyment is subjective in nature - not everyone will value or enjoy the changes made to the Eaxia Online gaming service.
Any changes incurred (with the exception of software bug repairs) will focus on improving the playing enjoyment of the majority of the users in an effort to meet overall player satisfaction.
4.0 SYSTEM DEFECTS
Occasionally, any number of small or large portions of the gaming environment may fail to operate in a manner that the staff intends.
Instances of this system behavior are called "bugs" (a.k.a "software defects").
Should a player become aware of any bug, it is the player's responsibility to report it to the game staff immediately and it is the player's responsibility to avoid interaction with any game systems that involve the bug.
For example, if you find a "weapon" or a combination of "attacks" to deal a far greater amount of damage than you expect, it is your responsibility to inform the staff so that we can investigate any possible problems with our system and to preserve game balance and fairness.
Taking advantage of any bug that gives a player any advantage or causes the system or environment to behave in a way that is unexpected either by transmitting special characters to the game or by using normal game mechanics (regardless of method) is a violation of policy.
It is the player's responsibility to inform the Eaxia staff of bugs, either through the in-game "REPORT" command or through a website form message.
Any advantage gained through exploitation of bugs (whether it is experience, gain of items, gain of game currency, etc.) will be removed without warning or appeal.
In addition, the player may receive an official warning and a "Minor Violation" mark may be entered into their personal record (see section 12.0 for definition of violation marks).
5.0 SYSTEM DELAY AND UNAVAILABILITY OF SERVICE
Delay in game response ("lag", also sometimes called "fog" from a role-playing perspective) is considered a normal playing condition for an online gaming service to some degree.
Typically, this lag will be unnoticeable or minimal such that it will not adversely affect gameplay.
Lag can occur for a number of reasons such as when internet routers fail, network congestion/traffic (both internet and intranet), poor user connections through their I.S.P., etc.
Occasionally our hardware or software may fail in such a way that causes the service to become completely unavailable, if only for a relatively short time.
Such a failure is often also called a "game crash" or "system crash".
For instances where lag or service unavailability is caused by hardware or software problems with the Eaxia gaming service, players may be entitled to compensation as listed below.
5.1 REPLACEMENT OF POSSESSIONS
Should the possession of a player (character, item, or home) become corrupt from the results of a system crash, it will be repaired pending the availability of the staff to do so.
Should a home or item become missing due to a crash it will be replaced (pending verification that the home or item existed and was previously in that player's possession).
Items lost that were located on "the ground" will not be replaced.
Items lost through normal janitorial mechanics that were on "the ground" will not be replaced.
Janitorial mechanics includes any and all game system that removes items on "the ground" from non-occupied rooms as part of normal maintenance to ensure the response time of the game.
5.2 REPLACEMENT OF CHARACTER HEALTH
Should a character die as a result of severe lag or system crash and thus be at risk of item or character development loss, the character will be restored to life and health.
5.3 ABUSE
Any attempt by a user to abuse this portion of policy will result in an official warning and a "Major Violation" mark will be placed in their permanent records (see section 12.0 for definition of violation marks).
6.0 PRIVACY
Eaxia GameMasters (GM's) have a right to monitor all activity in the gaming environment with the exception of
specific areas marked for exclusive privacy such as player-owned homes.
Only GameDirectors (GD's) may monitor
the activities in such areas and only if they have reasonable concern that discussions regarding activity that
violates this policy or is illegal in real life are occurring or if a public player meeting is being held in the
home, which has been advertised on message board areas or broadcasted in the gaming environment by
players.
Only the owners of R.P.G.N. have the right to monitor all aspects of the game without
restrictions.
It is not the habit of Eaxia staff to eavesdrop on private conversations and staff found
in violation, poor use, or irresponsible use of this practice will be held accountable to disciplinary
actions as outlined in "Game Master Policy".
GameAssistants (GA's) are not permitted to
eavesdrop on any player conversations regardless of location.
GameAssistants that violate this practice will be
held accountable to disciplinary actions as outlined in the "Game Assistant Policy".
The only
exception to the above is if the player explicitly uses in-game commands that call staff for assistance.
Likewise, users (and staff members) have a responsibility to maintain a degree of confidentiality for their
fellow players.
Unauthorized broadcasting of private real life information through Eaxia media (message boards,
in-game environment, etc.) is considered in violation of policy.
Real life is defined as activity outside of
the game environment or activities that are not part of official Eaxia role-playing plots or events.
Such
information would include a player's real name, address, phone number, gender, sexual orientation, religious
affiliation, and other characters that that person may play within Eaxia or other gaming services of
R.P.G.N.
Eaxia staff strives to protect the players' rights to privacy.
Release of such personal information
to a disturbed individual could result in physical harm or stalking of that player outside of the game.
For
this reason, violation of this section of policy is considered a "Critical Violation" and a mark will
be placed in the player's permanent records.
There are no mechanics available to game staff to monitor communication in messages sent through the WHISPER command, except for the R.P.G.N. game owners (GameDirector Exxy).
Information and communication transmitted through the WHISPER command is considered confidential and private and is only monitored for activities that are unlawful or that violate this player policy.
There are no mechanics available to game staff to review text files that the game server produces on its local disk drives with a detailed log of commands and data pertinent to the game, except for the R.P.G.N. game owners (GameDirector Exxy).
Information and communication transmitted through these system log files is considered confidential and private, but may be monitored in the event that an investigation is required to resolve a situation or locate a problem.
In general, these log files are rarely accessed and read, but when they are, it is only by GameDirector Exxy.
7.0 STAFF (GDs, GMs AND GAs)
GameDirectors (GD's), GameMasters (GM's), and GameAssistants (GA's) are often "on duty" to assist players with problems with game mechanics, to answer questions, and to resolve conflicts between players.
Staff are not permitted to reveal puzzle solutions or to give the player any unfair game advantage through character development, such as elevation in abilities or experience nor is a GameMaster or GameAssistant permitted to give a player items without authorization from a GameDirector with the exception of pre-approved promotional or merchant events.
8.0 CHARACTERS
8.1 TRANSFERS
Characters may, at the request of the owning user, be transferred from an account owned by a user to another account (owned by anyone).
The player owning the character will be required to submit a "Character Transfer Request" found here.
Any user who assumes another user's account or accepts a transfer from the other user for a character transfer also accepts the responsibility for any violation marks recorded on that account as if they were their own.
8.2 PURGES
Occasionally it is necessary to purge the database of unused character data.
Characters that remain on an account that has not been used in several months will be at risk of being permanently deleted as well as all other characters on the account.
Should you plan to be gone from the game for an extended period of time due to travel, financial situation, etc., please send us a message here to note your account as being placed "on hold".
This will show your intent to return to the game, thus preventing your character(s) from being purged.
Once a character has been purged, the character cannot and will not be restored by Eaxia staff.
It is the player's responsibility to take the necessary steps to place the account on hold, to play the character with minimal regularity, or to maintain an active subscription for that account. This section has been removed; characters are no longer purged.
8.3 NAMES
Character names that contain vulgarity or profanity are not acceptable in the Eaxia game system.
Any character name found to contain such words or phrases in any language will be renamed, the user will receive an official warning, and a "Minor Violation" mark will be placed in that user's permanent record.
Character names containing modern terms such as MaryKCosmetics, Kewl, Laserstrike, Nuclear, Puffdaddy etc., will be considered "Out of Character" and the character will be renamed regardless of level.
Names containing titles such as Sir, Lord, Baron, General, Skeik, Queen, King, or any guild title will be renamed.
First names and some second names (depending on the severity), which contain phrases such as Twohotforyou, DaDestroyer, DaWarrior, TheWarrior, D'Warrior, etc, will be renamed.
Names of well-known real-life historical figures, book characters, movie or TV stars will be renamed (example: Mel Gibson, Muammar Gadhafi, Drizzt Do'Urden, etc.).
Names containing obvious "garbage" letter combinations such as Asdf, Afkb, Klkjsaggicss, etc. will be renamed.
Names, which impersonate staff members, prominent Eaxia historical names, or non-player-character names will be renamed.
Names containing numbers, symbols, or odd capitalization will be renamed (Bi11&, 2Hot4U, DeMErIe).
Names beginning or ending with an apostrophe or hyphen such as -Divima, 'Divima, Divima-, Divima' will be renamed.
Names containing reference to drugs or alcohol will be renamed (example: Coors Light, John Cocaine, Southerncomfort etc.).
Names with religious "Out of Character" reference will be renamed (example: God, Satan, Diablo, Baal, Pope, etc.).
Names containing abbreviations or creature names will be renamed (example: Trollslyr, DrDread, LdyHawk, MrMike, etc.).
Names containing initials such as PVP Blackthorn, CU Bullwhip, BJ Bear, etc. will be renamed.
Names that are used to impersonate or to disrespectfully show remark against another player's character will be renamed. For instance if an existing player character is named Divima Ravenhold and a new character is generated with the name Divimaa Isaloser, then the newer character will be renamed and/or face consequences described under general harassment.
Names that are exactly or very similar to some real-life words may be renamed.  Only in the most obvious of instances should this rule be applied, but it is solely up to the discression of the game staff to decide whether such a name would constitute a disruption to the rest of the players or cause confusing or undesirable effects within the gaming environment.
If the staff feel that a name is disturbing to the gaming element but is not necessarily covered by this policy, the name may be changed.
We are not responsible for the naming policies of other gaming environments.  Other games may have different standards and policies about what they consider to be acceptable naming policy.  Do not assume that names that you have been able to use in other games will be acceptable here.
If you suspect that another character is in violation of this naming policy, please report it to us here.  Another player's violation of this policy does not constitute or give permission for similar names to be acceptable.
9.0 PLAYER ACCOUNTS
Account holders acknowledge and attest that they are 18 years of age or older and agree to adhere by the content of all R.P.G.N. policies defined herein or in additional documents currently existing or created in the future.
This agreement is not assignable by the user.
User may not sublicense, rent, sell, assign or transfer rights and privileges granted pursuant to this policy, or services, except as provided in this policy.
R.P.G.N.'s failure to enforce, at any time, any of the provisions of this policy shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provisions.
Any account holder that allows a minor to access R.P.G.N. through their account assumes full legal responsibility for the User's actions and well-being.
R.P.G.N. shall not be liable for the actions of its users and how they may adversely affect other players both within Eaxia and in real life.
R.P.G.N. cares about its users and will enforce policy to the full extent in an effort to prevent harm and to preserve the role-playing atmosphere.
Account holders suspected to be underage will be asked to produce legal proof of their age.
If copies of such legal records cannot be produced or the user refuses to do so, the account the account holder has been using will be terminated immediately and without appeal until such records are produced.
Should it become known that an account holder is underage, the account holder will require their parent's or legal guardian's permission and acceptance to these policies and rules as well as responsibility as "acting account holder" on behalf of the minor before the minor can continue playing.
9.1 PROTECTING ACCOUNT ACCESS
R.P.G.N. will never solicit password information from players.
Do not be fooled by e-mail letters asking for this information - it will not be legitimate.
Access or billing issues will never be handled through an online chat or message system such as AOL Instant Messenger, ICQ, etc.
If you share your account access with someone else, you do so at your own risk.
The owning user is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password, thus is liable for any damages resulting from its disclosure.
Possessions missing from hacked accounts will not be replaced.
To better protect your account from hacking attempts it is strongly recommend that your password consist of both numbers and letters in a random order.
Phrases, words, or keys next to each other on the keyboard can be easily deciphered through a password hacking program.
For instance, do not use "candlestick" or "qwert" for a password.
You would want to use something similar to "bdk8op91" (do not use this since it's published in this document).
Use as many letters/numbers as the password field will permit when creating your account.
Also, get in the habit of changing your password frequently.
9.2 CANCELING ACCOUNTS
You may cancel your account using the "Cancel Account" hyperlink at our website, which will cause PayPal.com to cease billing for subscription to our services.  We do not offer refunds for subscription payments for canceled accounts. This section has been removed; all accounts are free.
9.3 ACCOUNT INFORMATION
It is the account holder's responsibility to maintain the accuracy of their account information.
The information is required to verify the true identity of the account holder for proper handling of the account disposition with regard to service charges, transfers, and resolving any problem stemming from violation of policy and resolving billing conflicts.
The account holder attests that the account information is accurate and current and agrees to maintain the information in accordance with R.P.G.N. policy.
The Account Holder assumes all responsibility for the security of their information.
R.P.G.N. will not release any personal or account information to non-authorized users.
Authorized users are defined as those who provide the correct answer to the account security question.
9.4 CHARGES AND POLICY
Current rates for service charges can be found on the Eaxia homepage (website).
R.P.G.N. reserves the right to change its fees, billing methods, and policies at any time without prior notice.
The account holder is responsible for reviewing the pricing information and staying current with any revisions thereof.
Users of those accounts who continue to use the services following any posted revisions to pricing will be deemed as acceptance of such changes by the account holder.
Charges are to be paid by the account holder in United States dollars (U.S.D.).
If the use of the service is taxable by local, state, national, or international law, then R.P.G.N. may pass the amount of any such taxes onto the account holder. This section has been removed; all accounts are free.
The account holder is defined as the individual who registered the account with R.P.G.N.
Users may include the account holder or authorized/unauthorized users of the account (see section 9.1 for unauthorized users and the responsibility of account holders).
In the event that the account holder is a dependant of the person whose credit card or other billing information is listed, then that individual is responsible for payment of the services regardless of if they authorized such use.
If account holder is not the individual listed as responsible for payment, and they are not the dependant of that person, then legal repercussions may ensue if it was found that the credit or debit card was used in a fraudulent manner.
This section has been removed; all accounts are free.
10.0 SPECIAL PAID EVENTS OR SERVICES
10.1 QUESTS
Quests of all types, regardless of if it is a special event at an additional cost or if it is a simple in-game quest as part of guild advancement, should remain a secret.
They were created for the enjoyment of players by challenging their knowledge and abilities.
Public broadcast of these puzzles in any format such as posting on the boards, mail rings, or a website is in violation of policy which will result in an official warning and "Minor Violation" mark being placed in the user's permanent records.
This is not to say that you cannot send a private e-mail to a friend or hold a private discussion. However, any discussion of puzzles or hints given should be conducted in a private manner so that users who wish to solve them on their own may do so.
Disruptive quest participants may be removed from the quest without refund.
Such behavior may include being persistently out-of-character, revelation of puzzle answers prior to attempting to solve them (publicizing quest solutions obtained prior to the event), or aggressive behavior toward other participants that violates the "Code of Player Conduct" defined within this policy.
Removal of a participant from the quest is at the discretion of the GameMaster (GM) conducting the event.
R.P.G.N. may run the same quest multiple times to allow as many players as possible to enjoy the event.
R.P.G.N. makes no guarantees that everyone will have an opportunity to participate in the quests as they are held on a first come, first served basis.
Quests can be more dangerous to a character and their belongings than the normal play environment.
Loss of inventory, skills, health, or permanent death of a character may result.
R.P.G.N. will not replace lost items, skills, health, or characters.
A player may REPORT that they with to be removed from a quest, though once removed they will not be allowed to enter the quest again.
R.P.G.N. understands that at times real-life (RL) events may cause a player to be late to a quest.
We sympathize with your dilemma as you have paid for the enjoyment of the event, and will transport your character into the quest based upon the following rules:
10.1.1 If a quest is scheduled to last 4 hours, players arriving no more than 1 hour late will be transported into the quest.
10.1.2 If a quest is scheduled to last 8 to 24 hours, players arriving no more than 2 hours late will be transported into the quest.
10.1.3 If a quest is scheduled to last 2 days, players may be transferred into the quest at any time on the first day, but during no time on the second day.
It is the GM's discretion as to the location that your character will be transported.
Typically it will be where the majority of the quest team is located.
Once a player is in the quest area, should they leave the game they will not be transported again unless it is a two-day event, which case the transportation will occur on the following day.
This restriction is in place to prevent abuse of game mechanics by players getting lost from the group while in the quest.
Should the player have a legitimate real-life reason then transportation is at the discretion of the GM running the quest.
R.P.G.N. will not refund the cost of quests, which the player missed or was removed from either by choice or due to violation of policy.
Any quest, which was canceled due to hardware or software problems of R.P.G.N., will be rescheduled at R.P.G.N. convenience.
Players may choose to transfer their quest to another person/character if they find they are unable to attend.
Such transfer must occur at least three (3) days prior to the start of the quest.
R.P.G.N. will not transfer charges to the new attendee - the original purchaser is responsible for the charges to R.P.G.N.
Any monetary compensation for the transfer is between those two players.
10.2 CARNIVALS, FESTIVITIES, AND AUCTIONS
There may be instances where special carnivals, festivities, or auctions will be held for an additional cost.
Game mechanics will be in place to allow players to enter or leave at will.
therefore, GMs will not transport players into the event unless there is a problem with game mechanics, which prevents an authorized participant from accessing the event area.
R.P.G.N. will not refund the cost of festivals/auctions, which the player missed or was removed from due to violation of policy.
Any festival or auction, which was canceled due to hardware or software problems of R.P.G.N., will be rescheduled at R.P.G.N. convenience.
Players may choose to transfer their festival/auction admission to another person/character if they find they are unable to attend.
Such transfer must occur at least three (3) days prior to the start of the event, if R.P.G.N. assistance is required for the player to gain access.
If access is granted with a special in-game item such as a ticket, which is in the possession of the original purchaser, then transfer of that ticket is the player's responsibility.
R.P.G.N. will not transfer charges to the new attendee - the original purchaser is responsible for the charges to R.P.G.N.
Any monetary compensation for the transfer is between those two players.
10.3 WEDDINGS
R.P.G.N. agrees to provide role-playing wedding services for players on a date and at a charge as defined on the Eaxia website.
Wedding services are provided on a "first come, first served" basis and limited to the provisions outlined on the Eaxia website.
R.P.G.N. makes no guarantee that services will be provided unless the Player/User successfully signs-up and pays for such service.
This service is by no means legally binding between the players with regard to real-life laws.
R.P.G.N. will not refund the cost of weddings, which the player missed, failed to appear, or was removed from due to violation of policy.
Any wedding, which was canceled due to hardware or software problems of R.P.G.N., will be rescheduled to a time and date that is mutually agreed upon by both the GM conducting the wedding and the player.
Players may choose to transfer their wedding service to another person/character or receive a credit to their account if they decide to cancel the wedding due to player conflicts (i.e. The Bride and Groom call off the wedding).
Any such transfer must occur at least three weeks prior to the scheduled wedding date.
R.P.G.N. will not transfer charges to the new attendee - the original purchaser is responsible for the charges to R.P.G.N.
Any monetary compensation for the transfer is between those two players.
Should real-life scheduling conflicts arise for the player, the wedding may be postponed to a time and date mutually agreed upon by the GM conducting the wedding and the players.
10.4 HOMES
Homes are provided to players at a charge and as defined on the Eaxia website.
Any player found to violate Eaxia/R.P.G.N. policy through misuse of their in-game home may have that home removed/deleted.
Such violations may include but are not limited to a public meeting held within the home to openly discuss game puzzle solutions, to organize and promote group meetings who's members persistently violate the "Code of Player Conduct" (i.e. Hate Gangs), or to openly discuss methods to abuse game mechanics.
Should a home be removed from a player, R.P.G.N. reserves the right to use the home as they chose.
All home designs created by Players/Users or by GMs are the sole property of R.P.G.N. once submitted to Eaxia staff for implementation into the game.
10.5 REFUNDS
Eaxia is a project that is funded by player subscriptions and the donation efforts of both our staff and our players.
This section has been revised; all accounts are free.
The below outline our individual donation policies for the following services and donational efforts:
10.5.1 Subscriptions.
We consider payment for subscription services to Eaxia Online a fee rendered for said services for a time equalling the credit purchasd.
We do not offer refunds for subscription payments, but do allow account holders to transfer credit remaining between accounts.
This section has been removed; all accounts are free.
Any subscription payments paid to access the game are non-refundable.
10.5.2 Quests.
Quests are special events that a player may optionally become involved with by purchasing a ticket to participate.
Quest tickets will be refunded only on the following terms: (a) there is a mutually-agreed defect or unacceptable condition of the quest (such as a malfunction of our server, disruptive gaming environment caused by other players, etc.) and our staff is made aware of this within one (1) hour after or during the occurrence and (b) if the quest ticket has not been used.
A 'used' quest ticket infers that the person who will be participating on the designated quest date and time has not yet begun participating.
10.5.3 Festivals/Carnivals/Auctions.
We may occasionally provide special events that can be accessed by the player through purchasing a ticket to attend/participate in the event.
Not all of these events require the player to purchase a ticket to participate.
Players will be refunded Carnivals, festivals, auctions (and other similar events) services with exclusions to details outlined in section 10.2.
10.5.4 Weddings/Handfastings.
Weddings and Handfastings are special services provided by players.
Players will be refunded any unused Wedding/Handfasting service with exclusions to details outlined in section 10.3.
10.5.5 Fundraiser.
The Fundraiser is a donation service that we occasionally provide to allow players to sponsor our game in exchange for an "in-game" service.
The Fundraiser is a donational process that the gaming service requires to fund the Eaxia Online gaming service operation and as such, we only offer refunds to Fundraiser donations if the donation was placed less than seven (7) days before the refund was officially requested (through e-mail correspondence).
After this period, we are not obligated to providing a refund for any Fundraiser credit and any and all unspent/unused Fundraiser credits must be used to obtain services offered through the Fundraiser system.
R.P.G.N. CEO alone reserves the right to make any exception to this rule through official correspondence only.
10.5.6 Donations.
All other donations given to the Eaxia Online gaming service will only be refunded if the donation was placed less than four (4) days before the refund was officially requested (through e-mail correspondence).
After this period, we are not obligated to providing a refund for any donations.
None of the above services are transferable between types, but we do allow transfers of credits to other accounts.
Write us a message here if you have any questions.
11.0 CODE OF PLAYER CONDUCT
11.1 AUTOMATED GAMEPLAY
Automated gameplay is completely unacceptable in Eaxia Online, in any and all forms.
specifically, any automated or programmable method used to send a series of commands/responses to the game without user interaction is how we define 'automatic' and 'gameplay' includes any action that directly contributes to character development, such as experience gain, skill gain, item creation, wealth gain, alignment gain, etc.
Automated gameplay, therefore, does not include macros or scripts that perform simple travel functions, etc, but it does include any macros, scripts, etc. where the player is both away from and at the keyboard.
Typically, the game staff will check a player upon suspicion that the player may be engaging in automated gameplay by engaging the player with a series of questions, prompts to enter a command, or through an unusual role-playing message in which the player must respond to in an acceptable way (instead of continuing to send the same automated commands).
If the check has no response, other checks may be issued although in certain situations when commands are continually being sent, it is likely that other checks may not be sent at all.
If a player is not responsive to this awareness check, the player is then determined to be automating their gameplay and thus in violation of this section of policy, which will result in an official warning issued in-game along with a "Minor Violation" mark placed in the user's permament account record.
Depending on the situation, the game logs and account history may be consulted to determine how many scripting violations are on the user's record and how long the current session has been automated.
Based on information in those findings, experience, skills, created and/or foraged items, and other appropriate penalties may apply.
11.2 VULGARITY
Use of profanity or vulgarity is not acceptable in public areas of the Eaxia.
Public areas are defined as any area of the game with the exception of a player-owned home area or any area where a player has the control to restrict other players from accessing (such as a lockable doorway in a tavern).
Player's exhibiting such behavior will receive an official warning and a "Minor Violation" mark recorded in their permanent history file.
11.3 RACIAL, RELIGIOUS, AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT
Harassment stemming from racial, religious, or sexual connotations is considered unacceptable behavior.
Sexual harassment, regardless whether or not it was in-character or out-of-character, will result in an official warning and a "Critical Violation" mark being placed in the player's permanent history.
In-character racial or religious harassment may be covered by sections 11.9.4 and 11.9.9.
"Out of character" racial or religious harassment will result in an official warning and a "Critical Violation" mark being placed in the player's permanent history.
Victims of this type of harassment may petition R.P.G.N. to have their character's name changed.
11.4 GENERAL HARASSMENT
Harassment which is taken "out of character" through external game communications such as chat rooms, online messaging systems, telephone, postal mail, or in-person visits directed against another R.P.G.N. User/Player, will result in the offensive User/Player's account being terminated immediately and without appeal.
For such termination to occur the victim must have legal authorities contact R.P.G.N. with a request of non-contact.
Victims of this type of harassment may petition R.P.G.N. to have their character's name changed.
"In character" (IC) harassment is covered by section 11.9 of this player policy.
11.5 NON-ROLEPLAYING BEHAVIOR
Non-role-playing behavior also referred to as "out of character" or "out of genre" is not permitted by users/players in forms that can be viewed by other players.
Conversations containing such discussions should be kept to whispers or in the privacy of the user/player's in-game home.
(Example: "Phone call", "I keep getting disconnected", "I have a 24 in my strength stat")
The only exception to this is during a session directly involving Eaxia staff.
The use of non-alphanumeric ASCII symbols in character speech may be considered as being "out of character".
An example of this would be, "**** Selling a black silk cloak*****", or :P
,or :-) etc.
Use of modern slang words or internet "chat-slang" such as dude, kewl, U2, U (instead of You), WTF, AFK, BRB, BRT is considered "out of character".
"Out of Character" behavior is also defined as repetitive scrolling of the screen with actions or words that disrupt the play of others.
Such behavior lessens the enjoyment of other players and is considered rude.
"Out of character" behavior may result in an official warning and a "Minor Violation" mark being placed in the user/player's permanent record.
11.6 FRAUDULANT CLAIMS AND "SCAMS"
Scamming players/users out of items, game currency, etc. by using "throw-away" characters is in violation of policy.
"Throw-away" characters are defined as characters with minimal game play when compared to the average game-time of Eaxia characters and are primarily used in scams, item theft, or actions that decrease the playing enjoyment of others.
Typically this type of character is not a player's primary character.
Leaving the game to avoid repercussions of a scam is in violation of policy as it is considered abuse of game mechanics.
The character must stay in game at least 30 minutes following the scam.
Should the victim approach the character at a future time with regards to the scam, then the character must stay in-game 30 minutes after verbal contact.
If you don't have time to devote to a scam, then don't pull one.
Players that violate this section of policy will receive an official warning and a "Major Violation" mark in their permanent record.
R.P.G.N. does not condone scams nor will it condemn them unless the player abuses game mechanics.
Scams can be a means of role-playing an "evil" character.
If you chose to take this course of action, you will have to deal with the role-playing consequences from other characters.
Eaxia staff will not replace scammed items or currency.
11.7 ASSISTS AND RESPECT OF EAXIA STAFF
All Eaxia staff consultations, sessions, and communications with players are considered to be "out of character" (unless the situation involved a staff character not using a staff-specific title at a public game area).
It is the player's responsibility to conduct all gameplay under the rule, guidance, and direction of the staff.
Players are required to follow all instructions the staff may give with respect to the gaming environment and all mediums R.P.G.N. owns and operates.
During sessions where players are being assisted by staff at the player's request ("assists") players are expected to behave in accordance with this
Player Policy.
It is the player's responsibility to demonstrate respectful attitude and a cooperative nature towards all staff at all times.
11.8 UNACCEPTABLE AND UNLAWFUL CONDUCT
Users/Players may not engage in any unlawful conduct or communication while using R.P.G.N. services.
R.P.G.N. reserves the right to terminate User's/Player's account if it determines that the User/Player has engaged in unacceptable conduct.
Unacceptable and Unlawful Conduct may include (but not limited to) such behavior as:
11.8.1 Posting or transmitting sexually explicit images or links to such images
11.8.2 Impersonating any R.P.G.N. staff members in any fashion either in-game, through the Eaxia website, or any other online services
11.8.3 Transmitting any threatening, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful, or otherwise objectionable content in any format through R.P.G.N. services, which may violate real-life state, local, national, or international law
11.8.4 Posting, transmitting, or soliciting in-game or on the Eaxia website any information pertaining to chain letters, pyramid marketing schemes, advertisements or promotional literature for services other than those supplied by R.P.G.N.
11.8.5 Posting to the Eaxia website multiple unsolicited letters (spamming) or to mail through the Eaxia server any such spam letters.
11.9 PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER
"Player versus player" (P.V.P, also known as "character versus character", C.V.C.) activities are generally discouraged in Eaxia Online.
Eaxia Online is designed with the intention that characters compete against each other by progressing in their individual character developments, including experience, abilities, social status, skill, monetary wealth, treasures collected, etc.
The operation of some of the gaming elements does call for instances where players can participate in activities that are specifically targeted against each other.
This section of policy covers many specific elements of player versus player activities.
11.9.1 ASSAULT (COMBAT AND OFFENSIVE MAGIC)
When a character engages another character in combat, either with the ENGAGE, ADVANCE, or FACE command, or by aiming a weapon at another character, or by targeting another character with an offensive spell, or attacking another player with an aggressive command (including casting spells, even spells that are contained in magical devices) that has the capability to inflict character damage or penalty, the player engaging in this activity is committing an act of assault on that other character.
The victim / targeted character is then given CONSENT (11.9.7) to engage in combat activities against their aggressor.
If the game system has no WITNESS (11.9.8) regarding the assault, the activity is a VIOLATION (11.9.10) of this player policy as the aggressor is likely intentionally causing distress, harm, and grief to his/her targets.
Each target (should there be multiple targets) chooses whether to report the violation to Eaxia Online staff authorities (either through REPORT mechanics,
ASSISTANCE mechanics, or official e-mail correspondence), participate in the rules of CONSENT, or they may ignore the situation entirely.
A player who does not report the violation nor engages in the rules of CONSENT within 72 hours from which the situation occurred is considered to have ignored the particular situation and waives any right to the rules of CONSENT or ability to report any violation.
11.9.2 THEFT
Characters may steal money from each other using the STEAL command.
Any money the target or victim is actually carrying on their character is at risk for this kind of theft.
Should a character become aware that he or she is being stolen from, the target is immediately granted CONSENT (11.9.7) to engage in combat activities against the thief.
Any witnesses to the theft are also granted CONSENT towards the thief (the theft must be noticed by the witness).
This form of CONSENT is valid for the 6 hours from which the theft occurred.
11.9.3 AGGRESSIVE BEHAVIOR (OTHER THAN ASSAULT)
Other commands may be used to show aggression against a character or player other than commands that are classified as assault (11.9.1), such as slapping, kicking, spitting on/at, etc.
The target of these activities may, at any time, ask the aggressor to disengage from such activity.
Should the aggressor receive such a request, the aggressor must agree and stop the aggressive behavior immediately.
This request must be honored for the next two weeks.
Should the aggressor continue after a clear request from the target to stop, the victim / targeted character is then given CONSENT (11.9.7) to engage in combat activities against their aggressor.
If the game system has no WITNESS (11.9.8) regarding the aggression, the activity is a VIOLATION (11.9.10) of this player policy as the aggressor is likely intentionally causing distress, harm, and grief to his/her targets.
Each target (should there be multiple targets) chooses whether to report the violation to Eaxia Online staff
authorities (either through REPORT mechanics, ASSISTANCE mechanics, or official e-mail correspondence), participate in the rules of CONSENT, or they may ignore the situation entirely.
A player who does not report the violation nor engages in the rules of CONSENT within 72 hours from which the situation occurred is considered to have ignored the particular situation and waives any right to the rules of CONSENT or ability to report any violation.
11.9.4 AGGRESSIVE COMMUNICATION
Insults, offensive language, threats to kill or injure, mocking comments, taunts, etc. never constitute CONSENT.
Should the content of such communication be a direct violation of this player policy, any player witness to it should report the violation immediately.
If the content of the communication does not constitute a direct violation, anyone offended by the communication may ask the aggressor to stop.
Should the aggressor continue, they are in violation of this section of player policy and should be reported immediately.
This activity does not award CONSENT.
11.9.5 POACHING (THEFT OF OPPORTUNITY)
Should another character engage in any form of poaching (such as intentionally attacking all creatures his or her target is attacking) without WITNESS of permission to do so, then that character is in violation of this player policy and anyone witnessing this violation should report the violation immediately.
This activity does not award CONSENT.
11.9.6 DRAGGING
Players may use the DRAG command to relocate other players by dragging them from room to room, where possible.
By default, characters are set up to avoid attempts made by other characters to drag them.
Should this setting (AVOID command) be changed, other characters may drag you.
It is therefore completely in each player's control to avoid any attempts made by other players to drag them.
As a result, it is never a violation of this player policy to drag another character, even if asked to stop.
This activity does not award CONSENT.
11.9.7 CONSENT
An action caused by a character that enables another character to respond with aggressive actions that can include character death without violating this policy is called "consent".
A player can be given CONSENT by several chapters of this section of policy.
A player may also be given CONSENT directly by another player through a conversation that they have had within the game.
The game system must WITNESS (11.9.8) such a conversation.
Should a player choose to agree to make use of valid CONSENT, the player must do so within 10 minutes from which the CONSENT was given and the rules of CONSENT last for 1 hour from that moment or until the player giving CONSENT has died once, at which point CONSENT (and the entire situation) is considered to be "over" and resolved and any further aggressive activities are no longer awarded under the rules of CONSENT.
11.9.8 WITNESS
The Eaxia Online game system records confidential information identifying what every player types while logged into the gaming system as well as details of where the character they are playing is located at, when the text was typed, and details regarding the target of any commands, should a target exist.
Other information may also be recorded, especially during officially organized in-game events.
Should two or more players exchanging a conversation about activities that would otherwise be a violation of this section of policy (11.9) prior to them actually occurring wherein all participating players willfully agree to participate in the event, then the game system is considered a WITNESS to this conversation.
If WITNESS regarding any action in this section of policy (11.9) has been established, none of the players involved in the WITNESS will be in violation of the section of this policy that the WITNESS explicitly refers to so long as the activity begins within 1 hour from when
WITNESS occurred and the activity involves only players who have engaged in the rules of WITNESS.
Should other players also participate in the activity, they are treated as having no WITNESS (until and unless WITNESS is issued) and no CONSENT (until and unless CONSENT is issued).
11.9.9 OTHER
Other activities that can be targeted against another character (either directly or indirectly), such as stealing treasures another character has been awarded by killing a creature, removing items from a dead character's grave (graverobbing, which is generally not possible in Eaxia Online at the time of this writing), etc. that are not covered by the other chapters of this section of the player policy.
Any general in-game harassment against a character by another character that bears exception to chapters 11.9.1 through 11.9.6 should be reported to the Role-Players Gaming Network staff.
We reserve the full right of judgment on whether such an exception is actually a violation of this policy or not.
11.9.10 VIOLATIONS
First-time violations of chapters 11.9.1 and 11.9.5 will result in a "Minor Violation" (12.1) in the user's permanent record.
Second-time violations will result in a "Major Violation" (12.2) in the user's permanent record.
Third-time violations will result in a "Critical Violation" (12.3) in the user's permanent record.
Any unique violations (individual reports regarding different situations) exceeding three on a user's permanent record will result in the permanent deletion of that user's account.
First-time violations of chapters 11.9.2, 11.9.3, and 11.9.4 will result in an official warning in the user's permanent record.
Second-time violations will result in a "Minor Violation" (12.1) in the user's permanent record.
Third and fourth-time violations will result in a "Major Violation" (12.2) in the user's permanent record.
Fifth-time violations will result in a "Critical Violation" (12.3) in the user's permanent record.
Any unique violations (individual reports regarding different situations) exceeding three on a user's permanent record will result in the permanent deletion of that user's account.
We reserve the full right to modify the penalties as listed above with fair judgment of all elements involved in each situation.
12.0 VIOLATION OF POLICY
R.P.G.N. takes violations of policy very seriously.
Policy is implemented and adhered to for the protection of the players as a whole and game atmosphere.
Users/Players who violate policy will receive an official warning and be penalized as defined below.
12.1 MINOR VIOLATIONS
Minor violations are recorded into the player's permanent history and may result in a removal (referred to as "lockout") from the game service for a 24-hour period or at the discretion of the game staff.
Violations are cumulative in that two minor violations will equal a major violation with regard to disciplinary action.
12.2 MAJOR VIOLATIONS
Major violations are recorded into the player's permanent history and will result in 1-month of removal from the game service.
At the end of 1-month, the Player/User will be interviewed by two GMs with regard to the Player's/User's acceptance of game policy.
Should any further violations occur during the interview, then the Player/User will endure another 1-month period of removal.
Should the player refuse to agree to game policy then their account will be terminated.
Violations are cumulative in that two major violations will equal a critical violation with regard to disciplinary action.
12.3 CRITICAL VIOLATIONS
Critical violations are recorded into the player's permanent history and will result in a minimum penalty of 6 months removal for commutative violations.
Violations of policy section 11.0 C and Section 6.0 will result in a 1-year removal period. At the end of the removal period, the Player/User will be interviewed by two GMs with regard to the Player's/User's acceptance of game policy.
Should any further violations occur during the interview, then the Player/User's account will be terminated.
Should the player refuse to agree to game policy then their account will be terminated.
Should a player commit a major violation after returning from a critical violation lockout, that player's/user's account will be terminated.
These terminations are without appeal.
Any accounts subject to removal will cease to be charged further service fees.
All fees rendered prior game removal will not be returned, including any fees rendered from paid events or other services.
13.0 TERMINATION OF ACCOUNTS
The Account Holder may terminate the Account Holder's subscription to R.P.G.N. at any time.
R.P.G.N.'s owners may terminate an account at any time for any or no reason without regard to section 12 of this policy.
If the Account Holder's service is terminated or cancelled by the game staff (and not by the account owner), no refund for any monthly fees or paid events will be granted, nor will any online time credited to the account be converted to cash or any other form of credit.
To cancel a subscription to an account, see section 9.2 of this policy.
This section has been revised; all accounts are free.
14.0 LIMITED LIABILITY
User acknowledges and accepts that R.P.G.N. shall not have any liability for any action by its subcontractors or staff's conduct or communications.
R.P.G.N. shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages (including and without limitation to) loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any pecuniary loss in connection with the services or any products provided by R.P.G.N.
In states which do not allow an exclusion or limitation of liability for certain damages, R.P.G.N.' liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
15.0 INDEMNIFICATION AND DISCLAIMER
The user is solely responsible for determining his/her own computer networking needs and obtaining an internet service provider's service in order to connect to the Eaxia online gaming service.
R.P.G.N. Software Inc. hereby disclaims any warranties pertaining to connection, transmission over, or use of any network connections or facilities.
The user/player agrees to assume all risk involved with use of all R.P.G.N. services, software, and the internet.
The services and software provided by R.P.G.N. are provided on an "as is" basis.
R.P.G.N. disclaims all warranties expressed or implied, including without limitation, with respect to the services and software provided by R.P.G.N.
R.P.G.N. assumes no responsibility for any damages suffered by the user/player, including but not limited to, loss of data from delays, errors, system down time, service interruptions caused by the conduct or negligence of R.P.G.N., its licensors, subcontractors, or user's/player's own errors and/or omissions.
Any patent, trademark, trade secret, or warranty infringements, whether actual or alleged, are the sole responsibility of the manufacturer of the specified hardware or software product.
And R.P.G.N. assumes no responsibility for any actions, liabilities, or damages arising from the possession or use of these software or hardware products.
User/player agrees to indemnify and hold harmless R.P.G.N. Software Inc. from all liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses, including, without limitation, attorney's fees, arising from or related to any breach of this agreement by user/player, or in connection with transmissions by or through user's/player's service account.
R.P.G.N. reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by the user/player, at user's/player's expense.
User/player shall have the obligation to provide indemnification for such matter and reimbursement of all reasonable attorney's fees incurred by R.P.G.N. in defending such claims.
16.0 COPYRIGHTS
User/player acknowledges that R.P.G.N. permits access to content that is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual and proprietary rights that are protected in all media and technologies existing now or in the future.
This policy and any copyright laws govern the User/player's use of the content of Eaxia and any publication on the Eaxia website.
User/player's also agree to only upload materials to the message boards or software libraries that is not subject to copyright laws or other proprietary rights.
User/player waivers any rights to such material with regard to royalties and grants R.P.G.N. irrevocable non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, modify, republish, derive works from, or distribute such content (in whole or in part) worldwide.
User/player also grants R.P.G.N. the royalty-free right to incorporate such content into other works in any form, media or technology known now or developed in the future.
The user/player also permits any other authorized user/player of R.P.G.N. services to access, display, view, store, and reproduce the content for personal use.
17.0 CONTACTING EAXIA STAFF
Should a User/Account Holder need to contact the Eaxia staff they may do so by sending website form messages here.
R.P.G.N. will make every effort to respond to your concerns or questions in a timely manner.
For emergency situations, Account Holders may e-mail 911 @ eaxia.com.
Only persons providing the correct security word will be given information pertaining to the account in question.
Account Holders are responsible for the security of their account information and assume all responsibility and liability for their answer to the security question should it be used in an unauthorized manner. (see section 9.1)
All content is copyrighted © 2001-2020 Role-Players Gaming Network, Inc.  All rights reserved.