http://www.dreamstation.cc/privacy-policy
skip
to content
registerlogin
Follow Us:
Home
3DS
DS
PC
PS3
PS4
Vita
Wii
Wii U
Xbox 360
Xbox One
Features
Forums
Podcast
Reviews
Privacy Policy
DreamStation.cc respects it’s user’s privacy and has created this privacy policy to disclose its information collection practices. The following items are outlined in this document:
What personally identifiable information DreamStation.cc collects.
What organizations collect the information.
How DreamStation.cc uses the information.
Our privacy protections for children.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information.
How to correct, update or delete personally identifiable information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under DreamStation.cc’s control.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement please contact us.
“Personally Identifiable Information” is information that would allow someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your full name, address, telephone number or email address.
This policy only addresses our activities from our server. Other sites (including those that we link to and third party sites or services which we co-brand, such as email) may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed by this policy.
1. What Personally Identifiable Information Is Collected
You provide certain personal information to us when you: (a) post comments under our articles, on our forums/message boards or in our chat rooms; (b) send email messages, submit forms or send other information to us; and (c) join and participate in our guilds and groups. We may collect personal information from you at other points on our site that state that personal information is being collected. We may also receive certain personal information from some of our co-branded third party partners. In the event of a complaint, we may also receive personally identifiable information about you from other users or third parties who may communicate information to us about you in relation to that complaint.
2. What Organizations Collect the Information
DreamStation.cc is hosted by Site5 and they own the server that DreamStation.cc resides on. The server automatically collects information about which pages users view within the DreamStation.cc web site, but in these instances, it does not obtain personally identifiable information about you. DreamStation.cc uses a feature of your browser called a “cookie” to assign a User ID that automatically identifies your computer when you visit the site. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Cookies make your internet experience quicker and more convenient. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our site may not work properly if you do.
3. How the Information Is Used and Disclosed to Third Parties
As a general practice, we do not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties. So, for example, we do not sell your email address or your name and personal demographic information to mass marketers. However, on particular pages where we ask for your personally identifiable information, we may explicitly tell you that the data we are collecting on that page will be shared with third parties, in which case those disclosures shall override anything to the contrary in this policy. For example, before you submit answers to questions we ask in an advertiser-sponsored promotion, we will tell you that your answers will be shared with that advertiser. We will never share your information with a third party who does not agree to maintain the confidentiality of that information using reasonable security measures.
Anytime you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information, for example, in chat rooms, or on forums/message boards, that information may be used by third parties. In these cases, your choice to disclose personally identifiable information is voluntary.
We use your information on an aggregated basis to do such things as operate our site, enhance our site and sell and deliver advertising. We also use this data, both aggregated and personally identifiable, to enhance your on-site experience by displaying content and marketing messages that we believe will be of interest to you.
4. Privacy Protections for Children
DreamStation.cc welcomes members who are under 13 years of age and we encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and participate in the activities offered on this site. No information should be submitted to or posted at DreamStation.cc by people under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
5. Controlling the Collection, Use, and Distribution of Your Information
You can control the content of your personal information by following the instructions stated below in section 6.
Please note that if you provide any information on your own or directly to parties who provide service to our web site or any other sites you encounter on the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing information to third parties.
6. Correcting, Updating and Deleting Personal Information
You can access and update your personal information on the website and forums by going to the “Control Panel” or “My Controls” links after logging in. If you delete such information, it cannot be used by us or disclosed to third parties in the future. Though, even if you delete or change some personal information in our registration database, it may still be stored in an archived database.
7. Our Security Procedures
We have established and maintain reasonable security procedures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personally identifiable information. “Perfect security,” however, does not exist on the Internet.
Although your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal regulatory and security environment, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can (and you authorize us to do so) disclose any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
DreamStation.cc hopes that this policy clarifies our procedures regarding your personal information. We may amend this policy from time to time so please check it every so often for any updates.
Facebook
Forums / Message Boards
Last.fm Group
Twitter
YouTube
Phantasy Star Online
World of WarCraft
Amazon.com
eBay
GameStop.com
Play-Asia.com
Blog
Contact Us
Email (Staff Only)
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 1999-2020 DreamStation.cc | Web Design by cnc137.com | Powered by WordPress, Invision Power Board, and Gallery2 |
Entries |
Comments
Podcast Powered by podPress (v8.8)