http://www.mudconnect.com/terms.html
Introduction
Getting Started with Muds
About The Mud Connector
Mudlist
Mud Listings
The Biglist
Mud Search
Recent Submissions
TMC Top 10 / 20
Random Mud Picker
Voting Info
Discussions
Recent Topics
TMC Discourse
Mud Reviews
Recent Reviews
Search Mud Reviews
Archived Mud Reviews
The Mud Faq
TMC Account
Login
Register
Mud Listings Manager
Request a Mud Listing Transfer
Mudlist
Menu
Mud Connector Terms of Service ( updated: August 16, 2018 )
This Terms of Service Agreement provides the legally binding conditions
for your use of The Mud Connector website and Mud Connector Discourse Server
( collectively, "TMC" ) and the services provided by these sites ( collectively,
"Services" ).
Your use of the Services provided by TMC conveys your agreement
to be bound by the terms and conditions specified in this document, whether
you are a visitor to TMC ( not a registered member ) or have created a TMC member
account.
Terms of Use:
Eligibility
Your use and membership in TMC is void where prohibited by law. By using the TMC websites and Services you represent and warrant that a) all information submitted to TMC in regards to your membership is truthful and accurate; b) that you will maintain the accuracy of this information; and c) that your use of TMC and its Services does not violate any law or regulation.
By posting content to TMC ( including mud listings,
resource listings (links), discussion board posts, mud reviews,
and all other content posted to TMC ) you represent
and warrant that
a) you own the content posted by you or that you have the right to post
the content and grant the license for the content to be displayed
on TMC; b) posting of the content does not violate the
copyright, trademark, privacy or publicity rights of any third party
and that posting the content does not violate any law;
c) the content you post does not contain profanity, libelous, defamatory,
pornographic, nudity, abusive
or unlawful material and you agree to be responsible and liable for
all content posted to TMC. By posting content to TMC
you hereby grant to TMC a non-exclusive right to make the posted
content available to other TMC members as well as to the public.
Furthermore, by posting content to TMC you hereby grant TMC a
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license
to publish the submitted content.
TMC is not responsible for the conduct of any of the users of the TMC
websites or its Services.
You agree that you are completely and solely responsible for any
content you post to TMC and you understand that we are unable
to and do not review all information and content posted to TMC.
Because TMC is unable to review all of the information and content
posted to TMC we provide a 'Report Inappropriate Material'
link on every page of the website. If you become aware of posted content
that violates TMC's terms of use or misuse by any TMC member you may
click on the 'Report Inappropriate Material' link ( located at the bottom
of every page ) to notify us.
TMC has the right, but not the obligation, to take any of the following actions in our sole discretion at any time and for any reason without giving you any prior notice: a) terminate, suspend or limit your access to TMC or any of the Services provided by TMC; b) refuse to post, move or remove any content that is available on TMC; c) refuse to post, move or remove any content that you have posted to TMC; d) modify or remove any or all of the Services provided by TMC; e) suspend or delete your member account and all information you have posted to TMC; f) modify the practices and limits regarding the use of TMC and its Services.
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
Your privacy is important to TMC, please see our Privacy Policy for more information
TMC contains links to other internet sites, including links to
submitted resources, muds, mud websites and mud and game related websites.
TMC is not responsible for the opinions expressed on linked websites and
muds or
for the content or accuracy of content found on linked websites and muds. The
content on linked websites and muds are not investigated or monitored
and the inclusion of these links does not imply approval or endorsement
by TMC. Linked websites and muds may have different privacy
and use of information policies than TMC, please check with
these sites directly if you have questions or concerns as TMC is not
responsible for any content found on these sites.
TMC takes no responsibility for third party advertisements which may appear
on the TMC websites. TMC takes no responsibility for the goods or services provided
by its advertisers.
Indemnity:
You hereby indemnify, hold harmless and defend TMC, its owners, employees, directors, affiliates, agents, information providers, licensors and licenses (collectively referred to as the "Indemnitees") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by any of the Indemnitees in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you (or any user of your membership) of this Agreement or the foregoing representations and warranties. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim. TMC reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Copyright Violations:
It is the policy of TMC to comply with the notification requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). In the event that you believe content posted to TMC infringes your intellectual property please notify us by contacting our designated copyright agent: Andrew Cowan, 214 Bobwhite Drive, Reidsville, NC 27320, Fax: 336-342-2560 ( please contact to arrange Fax transmission), Email: admin@mudconnect.com -- please provide the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest (or a person authorized to act on their behalf );
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Sites;
how to contact you (address, telephone number, and email address);
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Disclaimer of Warranty:
YOU AGREE THAT THE USE OF TMC IS AT YOUR OWN
RISK AND THAT YOU DO NOT HOLD TMC RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT FOUND
ON THE TMC WEBSITES. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND/OR IMPLIED
ARE EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW PERMISSABLE BY LAW
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT
ANY CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF TMC IS DONE
AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU AGREE TO BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS
IN THE USE OF SUCH CONTENT. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH
TMC AND/OR SITE-RELATED SERVICES IS TO STOP USING THE SITES AND/OR THOSE SERVICES.
Jurisdiction and Non-Waiver:
The terms of service listed here are to be governed by the laws of the
state of North Carolina, in spite of differing laws at different points
of access. You and TMC agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts located within the state of North Carolina. The failure of TMC
to enforce or exercise any right or provision of the terms and conditions
listed above does
not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Additional Provisions:
Your use of TMC or any of the Services provided by TMC conveys your
acceptance of this agreement. The above terms and conditions constitutes the entire
agreement between you and TMC regarding the use of the TMC websites and its Services. If any
provision of this agreement is found to be unlawful or unenforceable that provision
is severable from the remainder of this agreement and does not affect the validity
or enforcability of all remaining provisions.
TMC reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this agreement
and such modifications shall become effective at the time they are posted to the
TMC website. You agree to be bound to the modified terms and conditions upon your
use of the website or its Services after such modifications have been made. Please
review this agreement from time to time to make sure you are aware of any changes.
Further Information and Questions:
If you have any questions or seek additional information, please contact us at: admin@mudconnect.com
Mudlist
Mud Listings
The Biglist
Mud Search
TMC Top 10/20
Recent Submissions
TMC Community
Recent Mud Reviews
Search Mud Reviews
Login to TMC
Register for Account
Other Content
Voting Info
Mud Listings Manager
Request a Listing Transfer
The Mud Connector
Expect bugs while we transition TMC to a new platform, please help us by reporting them!
Site Map
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy