http://www.mazecreator.com/maze_creator_privacy.php
Professional Computer Aided maze layout package"Let us help you get lost."
2020-12-11 00:46:30 EST .
HOME:
HOME
Contact
About
Flash Intro
Awards
PrivacyPolicy
Site Map
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers Maze Creator's treatment of personally identifiable
information that Maze Creator collects when you are on the Maze Creator site,
and when you use Maze Creator's services. This policy also covers Maze Creator's
treatment of any personally identifiable information that Maze Creator's business
partners share with Maze Creator or that Maze Creator may collect on a partner's
site.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Maze Creator
does not own or control, or to people that Maze Creator does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Intended Use
Maze Creator collects personally identifiable information when you register
Maze Creator, when you use certain Maze Creator products or services, when you
visit Maze Creator pages, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Maze
Creator may also receive personally identifiable information from our business
partners.
When you register with Maze Creator, we ask for your email address, name,
address, and personal interests. Once you register with Maze Creator and use
Maze Creator or sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to Maze Creator.
A unique anonymous number is also used and generated by the Maze Creator Application.
Maze Creator also automatically receives and records anonymous traffic
data.information on our
server logs from your browser including your IP address, Maze Creator cookie
information and the page you requested.
Maze Creator uses the collected information for the following general purposes:
to better understand how customers use Maze Creator to improve the product,
ease of installation and registration, to fulfill your requests for products
and/or services, and to contact you about specials and new products.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Maze Creator will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information
to anyone.
Maze Creator may send personally identifiable information about you to other
companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service
you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Maze
Creator to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently,
these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable
information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
We need to defend our Intellectual Property;
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the appropriate Maze
Creator End User Agreement.
Cookies and other information
Maze Creator may set and access Maze Creator cookies on your computer.
Maze Creator uses your Email Address as well as an internally generate system
ID within and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Maze Creator
products and services.  If no email address is listed, only your anonymous
system ID generated within the Maze Creator application will identify you.
Again, for the purpose of understanding use of Maze Creator.
Security
Maze Creator has taken all reasonable steps to protect your personal
information from unintended receipt.  Maze Creator does want to
disclose that they use a 3rd party ISP to host the Maze Creator website.
We do believe that these servers are reasonably secure from loss of data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Maze Creator may amend this policy from time to time.
Questions or Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions email
Maze Creator.
Maze Creator, A division of
ShopMazeCreator
MazeCreator Broadband
MazeCreator Cable
MazeCreator DSL
MazeCreator T1
Broadband Cable Company Discounts
If you have any questions about Maze Creator please email
mazecreator@mazecreator.com