http://www.matrixgames.com/light/privacy-policy
Slitherine Software UK Ltd., Matrix Games Ltd., Ageod Ltd., Shenandoah Studios Ltd. and Slitherine SRL, Head Offices at 34, Anyards Road Cobham, Surrey, KT11 2LA and which for the purposes of this PRIVACY POLICY are jointly referred to as “SLITHERINE”.
WHAT THE PRIVACY POLICY GOVERNS
This Privacy Policy applies to www.slitherine.com, www.matrixgames.com, www.ageod.com and www.ageod-forum.com plus any games, videos, or other content which you purchase, or use via these sites, their web forums and or customer and technical support and any other services we provide to you which together are referred to as (“SITE SERVICES”).
This Privacy Policy explains the different kinds of information that we collect from you when you're using SITE SERVICES to help us manage these facilities. We always comply with the applicable privacy laws and our Privacy Policy governs personal information and non-personal information which we collect from you when you use our SITE SERVICES.  Personal information means information which, on its own or in combination with other information could be used to identify you.
We comply with applicable data protection laws and respect your right to privacy and only process personal information in accordance with applicable UK, EU and the USA data protection legislation. This involves personal data which we use in connection with our SITE SERVICES.
SLITHERINE works with trusted partners, developers, distributors, payment providers and others (“PARTNERS”). Similarly our PARTNERS are responsible for personal data which they use in connection with our SITE SERVICES.
SLITHERINE is the data controller under EU data protection legislation used in connection with personal information contained in this Privacy Policy and personal information contained in this Privacy Policy which is used by our Partners in connection with our SITE SERVICES is managed by the data controller of the relevant partner.
CHILD PROTECTION
We recognise that we have a special obligation to protect children’s personal information. For legal reasons, children below the age of 13 cannot have a SLITHERINE account, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from these children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are concerned about the transfer of personal information in respect of your child, please contact legal@slitherine.co.uk
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you register a SLITHERINE ACCOUNT with us, you will need to provide us with; (i) username; (ii) email address; (iii) password, which is encrypted and known only by you.
There is also an option for you to provide the following information; (i) First Name; (ii) Second Name; (iii) Date of Birth (iv) Country of Residence. N.B. All of your SLITHERINE ACCOUNT information is protected by your encrypted password and you are responsible for keeping it safe. You should not share this with anyone.
When you use SITE SERVICES we may also collect the following information (see later for how this information is used):
Technical details about devices which you use to access SITE SERVICES, including: Internet and or network connection, including your IP address; mobile device identifiers; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware details; or other technical details provided by your web browser. Such technical details do not reveal any of your personal information;
Details of your use of SITE SERVICES including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use SITE SERVICES, such as what game(s) you are playing; traffic data; your geographical location; your purchase history; emails received; and links accessed;
Other information required in order to assist you with any queries/support you may need help with via the SLITHERINE forums or customer support;
Limited payment processing information, including your name and email address, and partial credit card details; but with the reference numbers anonymised. This information makes it significantly easier to reuse your credit card in the future. These limited payment details, when used in SITE SERVICES are processed by the relevant payment method, platform, or processor.  The payment processor then notifies us when a transaction takes place and we then dispatch your purchased item, but other than the limited information indicated here, we do not receive any other payment details;
Other information which you supply to us via SITE SERVICES.
We may also collect additional information if SITE SERVICES crash, e.g. we may ask you to send us the crash logs/bug reports generated by SITE SERVICES. These reports do not list any personal information and it is your choice whether or not to submit these reports to slitherine.com automatically. However, if you manually submit bug or crash reports to us, or if we contact you asking for feedback regarding crash or bug reports, then we may store these reports alongside your personal information.
We may also ask you to complete surveys through SITE SERVICES, or by other means, that we will use for research purposes. Your participation is always voluntary.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers, or those of a trusted partner services. Where possible we have in place appropriate technical and other measures to protect, as much as possible, your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Therefore, whilst we will do our best to protect your personal information we cannot guarantee 100% security of any data transmitted to our servers. Transmission is always at your own risk.
COOKIES
We use technologies on SITE SERVICES to collect information that helps us improve your online experience. We refer to these technologies, which include cookies, collectively as “COOKIES.” There are different types of cookies and methods by which you can control them. Your use of SITE SERVICES and noting cookie notice that appears confirms that you agree and accept that we can store and access cookies. If you have further queries, please contact legal@slitherine.com .
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device. They are widely used in order to make websites or other online services work more efficiently. Websites and other online services can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of a website or your device more convenient and efficient, e.g. by remembering your user preferences.
Certain Cookies are ESSENTIAL for the operation of our SITE SERVICES and enable you to navigate the various features. Without these cookies certain services, such as accessing secure areas of a website, cannot be provided. We also use ESSENTIAL cookies to help prevent fraudulent use of login credentials and therefore ESSENTIAL cookies cannot be turned off without significant detriment to your use of SITE SERVICES.
PERFORMANCE cookies, which often include analytics cookies, collect information about your use of SITE SERVICES and how we can make improvements, e.g. they show us the most frequently visited pages on our website and allow us to see the overall usage trends.
In certain circumstances, we may use FUNCTIONALITY cookies that allow us to remember the choices you make on SITE SERVICES. This is intended improve and personalise your favourite features and make them easier to revisit.
Both we and our service providers may use ADVERTISING cookies to deliver information that we believe may be more relevant to you, e.g. to limit the number of times that you view the same promotion, or measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. These cookies remember what you have looked at and we may share this information with other organisations. For information on how you can opt out please contact legal@slitherine.com .
You may refuse to utilise cookies at any time by activating the setting on your browser or device which allows you to refuse cookies. Information about the procedures to follow to disable cookies should be available on your Internet browser website via the help screen. Please note that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the SITE SERVICES may function as intended
Cookie Policies may be changed at any time and amendments will come into effect approximately within 45 days of, date of LAST UPDATE.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED
We use the above information in the following ways:
To keep you updated on relevant news and let you know who is playing what games.
To ensure that our SITE SERVICES are presented in the most effective way for your requirements.
To provide you with information on products and services that you request or which we feel may be of interest. We may also send you newsletters or emails on current issues, but only if you request this service.
To fulfil any obligations we may have.
To allow you to participate in interactive features as and when required by you.
To notify you about changes to our services.
To improve and or modify our services
To liaise with our Partners, e.g. such as payment processors to the extent necessary to improve or provide satisfactory services.
To comply with any applicable legal requirement of relevant governments or authorities.
We may share some aggregated or general non-personal data on user behaviour, with third party partners, e.g. games developers, to support, improve or assist them to improve their products.
PERSONAL USE OF SITE SERVICES
Please note that any communications made via SITE SERVICES, e.g. private messages, chat, forums or multiplayer games may reveal your site name and or other details about you and the content of your communications. Also note that information you post publicly using SITE SERVICES, e.g. your public profile, will be available to other users.
We are not responsible for any personal information, which you make available via SITE SERVICES or the actions of others, to whom you have provided personal information.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND EXTERNAL SERVICES
SITE SERVICES may contain links to and from the websites, or services of third parties, e.g. our developer partners. However, please note that they may collect your personally identifiable information, e.g. your email address or name. They should only collect any such information after you have been informed and have consented to their collection of your data. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to these external sites or third parties. Please refer directly to their privacy policies.
LEGAL
Please note that we are subject to and comply with the laws and regulations of various jurisdictions. This may require us to release personal information to comply with law enforcement or other legal requirements.
In the event of any reorganisation, expansion, acquisition, merger or sale of SLITHERINE or SLITHERINE accounts, it may be necessary, or required that we transfer personally identifiable information to an involved third party. In such event the third party will protect the information to at least the same level as the current Privacy Policy.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in respect of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes. You can also change your account email settings and email communications and you retain an opt-out/unsubscribe option.
You have rights about how your personal information is used. For further information please contact us at legal@slitherine.com.
Depending on where you live, you may have additional privacy rights, e.g. you may have a right to ask us to correct your personal information and if appropriate we will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with your request. However, we may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive, are disproportionate, or infringe the privacy rights of others, or are in our view unnecessary. If you have any queries please contact legal@slitherine.com .
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may make changes to the Privacy Policy if we deem necessary, e.g. legal reasons or to reflect changes in SITE SERVICES. Any changes made will be reflected on the revised Privacy Policy, available online. We will also update the LAST UPDATED date.
Once changes to the Privacy Policy are made, they will become legally binding 30 days after they are posted online. During that period, you may contact legal@slitherine.com if you have specific questions about the changes. Unfortunately if you disagree with any changes, regardless of whether or not you contact us, your only option is to cease using SITE SERVICES.
PRIVACY POLICY: New version effective from 14th May 2018
Copyright © 2018, Slitherine Software UK Ltd., Trade Marks belong to their respective Owners. All Rights Reserved.