https://www.runyourpool.com/privacy.cfm
Log In
Log In
Member Login
Keep me logged in
Having trouble logging in?
Toggle navigation
Start a New Pool
Join a Pool
Our Services
Pool Hosting
NFL Football Pools
March Madness Pools
PGA Golf Pools
Baseball Pools
Hockey Pools
College Football Pools
Olympics Pools
Soccer Pools
Academy Awards Pools
Solutions
Pool BrandingCustomize the user experience to fit with your organization's brand or personal style
Fundraising IdeasSome great ideas on how to use our services
to help with your non-profit fundraising
Marketing & PromotionPools provide an exciting way to reach new clients or retain your existing ones
Restaurants & BarsRequire your customers to be at your establishment in order to participate.
Custom SolutionsIf our out of the box service won't work for you, we specialize in custom client solutions
Support
Privacy Statement
It is the policy of runyourpool.com that personal information, such as your name and email address, is private and confidential. Because your privacy is important to us, runyourpool.com maintains this website privacy statement to protect your personal information.
By using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes set out below. We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified below, except with your consent or as required by law.
Information We Collect
(1) Site Activity Data
Each time a visitor comes to this website, our web server collects and logs certain information. These access logs are kept for a reasonable period of time. These logs include, but are not restricted to your username (if applicable), date, and time. These logs are used solely for performance, site administration and security reviews. They are not sold or shared in any way to third party organizations.
(2) Cookies
The website uses cookies for security and authentication purposes only. This information is used solely to maintain your authentication status and minimal account information.
This information is not shared or sold to third party organizations for any purpose.
(3) Personal Information
Personal information, such as your name and email address is collected only when you voluntarily provide it when creating or joining a pool. Unlike many sites, we collect as little personal information possible, just that information required to provide our services.
The personal information you provide is accessible only to your pool administrator, and to site administrators (staff at RunYourPool.com). Your name may be made visible to other members of your private pool by your pool administrator. Your email address may, on rare occasion, be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your account (e.g. password recovery, important notifications related to your pool, etc).
Personal information will not be sold to any third parties, nor will such information be added to bulk email lists.
Policy Revisions
Changes to runyourpool.com's privacy policy may occur from time to time without notice to you. However, all privacy policy changes will be reflected in this document.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or wish to update any of the personal information you have provided to us, please contact us while logged into your pool.