http://www.sm128c.com/privacy.php
News
Reviews
Blog
E-Mailbag
Specials
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Dec 8, 2019
Super Mario 128 Central ("SM128C") has created this privacy policy to outline how personal information is used on this website.
IP Addresses
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Personal Information
We collect information such as names and e-mail addresses, when voluntarily submitted by our visitors - aliases may be used in lieu of real names, e-mail addresses are optional when submitted from our contact form. This information may be used to respond to inquiries. Questions/comments that are submitted to SM128C may be used in the E-Mailbag section. If you wish to opt out, please include this request with your inquiry to us.
Cookies
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google's Ads Settings.
SM128C uses Google Analytics which uses cookies to track how visitors reach and use this website along with broad demographic information. Information collected by Google is subject to Google Analytics Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy. To opt out, please use the Google Analytics Opt-Out browser add-on or disable cookies on your browser.
External Links
This site contains links to other websites. SM128C is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Public Forums
This site makes use chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@sm128c.com.
About SM128C | Staff | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | ©2020 Super Mario 128 Central