http://www.riddles.com/terms
Menu
(toggle)
RIDDLES
Riddles by Page
New Riddles
Best Riddles
Brain Teasers
Classic Riddles
Difficult Riddles
Easy Riddles
Funny Riddles
Good Riddles
Jokes and Riddles
Kids Riddles
Logic Puzzles
Math Riddles
Medium Riddles
Riddles for Adults
Short Riddles
Video Riddles
What Am I Riddles
What is it Riddles
Who Am I Riddles
Who is it Riddles
Riddle Categories
QUIZZES
10 Best Riddles
10 Easy Riddles
10 Hardest Riddles
5 logic puzzles
5 math riddles
8 Kids riddles
Christmas Riddles
Contradictory Proverbs
Fart Riddles
Halloween Riddles
Kids Riddles A to Z
Love Riddles
Numbers Riddles
Pirate Riddles
Riddles and Proverbs
Riddles For Kids
School Riddles
Scriptural Enigmas
Thanksgiving Riddles
Ultimate Scavenger Hunt Riddles
Valentines Riddles
Words
Riddle Quizzes
Idiot Test
CAPS
PUNS
SIGN UP
SIGN IN
TERMS OF SERVICE
Please read the following terms and conditions very carefully as your use of service is subject to your acceptance of and compliance with the following terms and conditions ("Terms")
ADVERTISEMENT
Welcome To Riddles.com
The www.Riddles.com website (the "Site") is comprised of various web pages operated by iventure ("Riddles.com"). www.Riddles.com is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the "Terms"). Your use of www.Riddles.com constitutes your agreement to all such Terms.
Please read these Terms of Service ("Agreement", "Terms of Service") carefully before using https://www.riddles.com ("the Site") operated by Riddles.com ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://www.riddles.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Electronic Communications
Visiting www.Riddles.com or sending emails to Riddles.com constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Riddles.com does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may use www.Riddles.com only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Links to third party sites/Third party services
www.Riddles.com may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Riddles.com and Riddles.com is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Riddles.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Riddles.com of the site or any association with its operators.
Certain services made available via www.Riddles.com are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the www.Riddles.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Riddles.com may share such information and data with any third party with whom Riddles.com has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of www.Riddles.com users and customers.
No unlawful or prohibited use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use www.Riddles.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to Riddles.com that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of Riddles.com or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. Riddles.com content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of Riddles.com and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Riddles.com or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Use of communication services
The Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Riddles.com has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Riddles.com reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Riddles.com reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Riddles.com reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Riddles.com's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Riddles.com does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Riddles.com specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Riddles.com spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Riddles.com.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
Materials provided to www.Riddles.com or posted on any Riddles.com web page
Riddles.com does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to www.Riddles.com (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Riddles.com Site or our associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Riddles.com, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Riddles.com is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Riddles.com's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
Third Party Accounts
You will be able to connect your Riddles.com account to third party accounts. By connecting your Riddles.com account to your third party account, you acknowledge and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those third party sites). If you do not want information about you to be shared in this manner, do not use this feature.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
International Users
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by Riddles.com from our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the Riddles.com Content accessed through www.Riddles.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Riddles.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Riddles.com reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Riddles.com in asserting any available defenses.
Liability disclaimer
The Information, Software, Products, and Services Included in or Available Through the Site May Include Inaccuracies or Typographical Errors. Changes Are Periodically Added to the Information Herein. Iventure and/or Its Suppliers May Make Improvements and/or Changes in the Site at Any Time.
Iventure and/or Its Suppliers Make No Representations About the Suitability, Reliability, Availability, Timeliness, and Accuracy of the Information, Software, Products, Services and Related Graphics Contained on the Site for Any Purpose. to the Maximum Extent Permitted by Applicable Law, All Such Information, Software, Products, Services and Related Graphics Are Provided "As Is" Without Warranty or Condition of Any Kind. Iventure and/or Its Suppliers Hereby Disclaim All Warranties and Conditions With Regard to This Information, Software, Products, Services and Related Graphics, Including All Implied Warranties or Conditions of Merchantability, Fitness for a Particular Purpose, Title and Non-Infringement.
To the Maximum Extent Permitted by Applicable Law, in No Event Shall Iventure and/or Its Suppliers Be Liable for Any Direct, Indirect, Punitive, Incidental, Special, Consequential Damages or Any Damages Whatsoever Including, Without Limitation, Damages for Loss of Use, Data or Profits, Arising out of or in Any Way Connected With the Use or Performance of the Site, With the Delay or Inability to Use the Site or Related Services, the Provision of or Failure to Provide Services, or for Any Information, Software, Products, Services and Related Graphics Obtained Through the Site, or Otherwise Arising out of the Use of the Site, Whether Based on Contract, Tort, Negligence, Strict Liability or Otherwise, Even if Iventure or Any of Its Suppliers Has Been Advised of the Possibility of Damages. Because Some States/Jurisdictions Do Not Allow the Exclusion or Limitation of Liability for Consequential or Incidental Damages, the Above Limitation May Not Apply to You. if You Are Dissatisfied With Any Portion of the Site, or With Any of These Terms of Use, Your Sole and Exclusive Remedy Is to Discontinue Using the Site.
Termination/access restriction
Riddles.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in California in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Riddles.com as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. Riddles.com's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Riddles.com's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by Riddles.com with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Riddles.com with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Riddles.com with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
Riddles.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which www.Riddles.com is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Riddles.com encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Contact Us
Riddles.com welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms:
iventure
16835 Algonquin st Suite 300
Huntington Beach, Ca, California 92649
E-mail:
Telephone number:
714 846 4200
Updated April 18, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
Riddle Categories
100
Best Riddles
295
Brain Teasers
461
Classic Riddles
234
Difficult Riddles
164
Easy Riddles
138
Funny Riddles
100
Good Riddles
457
Jokes and Riddles
430
Kids Riddles
197
Logic Puzzles
175
Math Riddles
890
Medium Riddles
187
Riddles for Adults
286
Short Riddles
6
Video Riddles
322
What Am I Riddles
452
What is it Riddles
52
Who Am I Riddles
23
Who is it Riddles
SHARE THIS?
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK
ADVERTISEMENT
×
Newsletter
Get our Weekly Riddles Round Up sent direct to your email inbox every week!
INCLUDES:
The last 7 Riddle Of The Day's,
Current Problem of the Week and
Current Weekly Challenge.
Join our mailing list
Riddles Community
RIDDLERS
USER RIDDLES
ADD A RIDDLE
100 BEST RIDDLES BOOK
BUY NOW!