http://www.solitairecentral.com/terms.html
Solitaire Central
The web's premier resource for card games and playing cards!
Home
Solitaire Software
Alphabetical Listing (A-Z)
Windows Solitaire Games
Macintosh Solitaire Games
PalmOS Solitaire Games
PocketPC Solitaire Games
Linux Solitaire Games
Free Solitaire Games
Solitaire Collections
New Solitaire Games
Solitaire Products
Solitaire Rule Books
Solitaire Playing Cards
Electronic Solitaire Games
Online Solitaire Games
Play Here!
Solitaire Games
Blackjack Solitaire
Freecell Solitaire
Golf Solitaire
Klondike Solitaire
Poker Solitaire
Pyramid Solitaire
Spider Solitaire
Tri-Peaks Solitaire
Cash Games
Other Sites
Play & Win!
More...
Solitaire Rules
Alphabetical Rules Listing (A-Z)
Rules For Popular Games
Forty Thieves Rules
FreeCell Solitaire Rules
Golf Solitaire Rules
Klondike Solitaire Rules
Pyramid Solitaire Rules
Spider Solitaire Rules
TriPeaks Solitaire Rules
Solitaire Rule Books
Solitaire Rule Links
Solitaire Resources
Solitaire Articles
Solitaire Books
Solitaire FAQs
Solitaire History
Solitaire Inventors
Solitaire Lexicon
Solitaire Links
News
Game News
Site News
Other News Categories
News Archives
RSS Feed
Email Subscription
Twitter
Facebook
Home » Terms and Conditions
Solitaire Central Terms and Conditions
Your use of our Internet sites or any of the products or services offered on our sites (collectively, the "Services") is subject to these Terms of Use (these "Terms"). We may modify these Terms at any time without notice to you by posting revised Terms on our site. Your use of this site constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any modifications that we make. By viewing or accessing SolitaireCentral.com, you expressly agree to the following term and conditions detailed below:
Solitaire Central is copyright by SolitaireCentral.com. All rights reserved. No part of SolitaireCentral.com may be reproduced in any way, or by any means, without the prior written permission of SolitaireCentral.com.
Although SolitaireCentral.com attempts to ensure that all information contained on this website is correct and complete, we accept no liability for errors or omissions, and reserve the right to change or alter the content of the site at anytime.
Neither SolitaireCentral.com, any third party content provider, nor their respective agents shall be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the site, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
SolitaireCentral.com does not make any warranty that the website is free from infection from viruses; nor does any provider of content to the site or their respective agents make any warranty as to the results to be obtained from use of the site.
SolitaireCentral.com includes a combination of content that we create and that our partners create. All content on this web site is copyrighted as a collective work of SolitaireCentral.com pursuant to applicable copyright law. This content is intended for your personal, noncommercial use and not for resale or other transfer or disposition to any other person or entity. All materials published on our site is protected by our copyrights or trademarks or those of our partners.
In addition, the names, images and other indicia identifying our products and services are our proprietary marks. All other copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights referred to in this website belong to their respective owners.
This website may contain links to other websites which are independent of this website. SolitaireCentral.com makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, value, integrity, completeness or authenticity of the information, content or opinions contained in any such linked website. These links may lead to sites or links that contain offensive and objectionable content or which may contain computer viruses. You assume the risk, and we hereby disclaim all responsibility, for any of the content on these sites or for any damage sustained by users of these sites.
SolitaireCentral.com's privacy policy is applicable only when you are on our website. Once you choose to link to another website, you should read that website's privacy policy before disclosing any personal information. SolitaireCentral.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites and the existence of any link to another website shall not in any manner be construed as an endorsement by us of that website or of the products or services described therein.
SolitaireCentral.com respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that any material on this website infringes on any copyright which you own or control, or that any link on this website directs you to another website that contains material that infringes on any copyright which you own or control, please contact us.
The software available for downloading through SolitaireCentral.com is provided by third party software vendors pursuant to license agreements or other arrangements between such vendors and the end user. SolitaireCentral.com does not sell, resell, or license any of the Software, and SolitaireCentral.com disclaims any responsibility for or liability related to the software. Any questions, complaints or claims related to the software should be directed to the appropriate vendor.
SolitaireCentral.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the quality, safety or suitability of any software, either express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.
There are inherent dangers in the use of any software available for downloading on the Internet, and SolitaireCentral.com cautions you to make sure that you completely understand the potential risks before downloading any of the software. You are solely responsible for adequate protection and backup of the data and equipment used in connection with any of the software, and SolitaireCentral.com will not be liable for any damages that you may suffer in connection with using, modifying or distributing any of the software.
The sites referenced within this site are for informational purposes only, and do not represent any solicitations to online gambling. Any person interested in online gaming is urged and advised to check their local, state and national government laws before gaming online. It is entirely your responsibility to check on these laws as we cannot and will not be held responsible for any illegal activity that is conducted via links from this web site.
If you reside in a location where gambling or betting over the internet is illegal, please do not click on anything related to these activities on this site or elsewhere. You must be at least 21 years of age to click on any betting or gambling related items even if it is legal to do so in your location.
The products featured on this site are collected from a number of online merchants, chosen for their wide selection, fair prices, easy ordering, and excellent customer service. SolitaireCentral.com is not responsible for stocking products, handling your payment, shipping products to you, or providing customer service for these third-party products. If you have a question about your order, please contact the appropriate merchant's customer service department.
Most of the products and advertisements listed on SolitaireCentral.com are through an affiliate relationship with the online merchant, in which SolitaireCentral.com may be compensated.
Additional Information About Solitaire Central
About This Site
Contact Us
Link To Us
Privacy Policy
Submissions
Last Update: September 18th, 2012
> > > Advertise Here < < <
The Latest Solitaire Games
SolSuite 2017
Solitaire Game: Christmas for Windows
Crime Solitaire 2: The Smoking Gun for Windows
Seven Seas Solitaire for Windows
Pretty Good Solitaire Mac Edition
Solitaire Twist Collection
Strike Solitaire
Pretty Good Solitaire
Dr. Mal: Practice of Horror for Windows
Legends of Solitaire: The Lost Cards for Windows
The Latest Solitaire News
Solitaire In The News, April 2013
Solitaire In The News, March 2013
Solitaire In The News, February 2013
Windows 8 Solitaire Preview
Solitaire Central Refresh
Solitaire Best-Sellers, December 2011
Site Links
About This Site
Advertise
Contact Us
Link To Us
Submit a Link
What's New?
Follow / Subscribe
Bookmark This Site
Follow on Facebook [?]
Follow on Twitter [?]
RSS Feeds
Subscribe via Email
Recommended Sites
Solitaire Central Games Store
Amazon Card Games
AreYouGame
WorldWinner
Deal Alerts
Like Us On Facebook!
Copyright © 1997-2017 by SolitaireCentral.com - All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Responsible Gaming | Terms and Conditions