http://www.soaringeaglecasino.com/privacy.html
HomePrivacyPrivacyPrivacy InformationPrivacy - All customer data will be used only by Soaring Eagle Casino and our partners to provide these services. We will not pass-on or re-sell your data to any third party. Location coordinate data is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology into password protected servers. This information is retained in memory long enough for Soaring Eagle Casino to determine and send the appropriate message and is never stored in a persistent format and is accessible only by the service for determining location and triggering text messages.Your Consent - By using Soaring Eagle Casino’s Service, (you) the user consents to our privacy policy. To review our Privacy Policy please visit www.soaringeaglecasino.com/termsChanges to Privacy Policy - In the case of changes to Soaring Eagle Casino’s privacy policy, we will post those changes to www.soaringeaglecasino.com/termsContacting Us - If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or Soaring Eagle Casino’s service, you may contact us using the information below.Privacy PolicySoaring Eagle Casino & Resort respects our customers’ right to privacy online. We will not sell, rent or give away our customers’ personal information to other companies for use in selling others’ products or services. We will communicate with customers via e-mail or other online delivery devices only if the customer agrees to receive those communications.Customers who believe they are receiving our communications in error or no longer desire to receive them should inform us and we will remove those customers’ names from our mailing lists. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with Soaring Eagle Casino & Resort, please contact our Webmaster.Soaring Eagle Casino Privacy PolicySoaring Eagle Casino takes protecting your privacy seriously. We will never, under any circumstances, sell or otherwise distribute your cell phone numbers to third parties or Soaring Eagle Casino partners for which you have not opted in. We will not market to you directly any services for which you have not opted in, either by cell phone text message or email. We will never distribute any personal information about you, including your phone number, name, billing information, or any other piece of identifying information. We will only provide you with exclusive and informative mobile content, and never spam.Soaring Eagle Casino & Resort 6800 Soaring Eagle Blvd.
Mount Pleasant, MI 48858 P:1.800.732.4537help@soaringeaglecasino.com