http://www.pearlriverresort.com/legal-en.html
--:--:--
Reservations
Specials & Packages
Photo Gallery
casino
Rooms
Spa
dining
Geyser Falls Water Theme Park
Golf
shopping
Our Resort
Bok Homa Casino
Golden Moon Hotel & Casino
Silver Star Hotel & Casino
Dancing Rabbit Golf Club
Geyser Falls Water Theme Park
Rewards
Email Sign Up
Accommodations
Silver Star Accommodations
Golden Moon Accommodations
Dancing Rabbit Golf Club Accommodations
Dancing Rabbit Inn
Amenities
Spa & Salon
Bus Service
Dancing Rabbit Golf Club
Shopping
Geyser Falls Water Park
Gaming
Pearl River Poker Room
PLACE YOUR SPORTS BETS NOW!
Responsible Gaming
PEARL RIVER RESORT BINGO
Slots, Table Games & Poker
Current Slots Silver Star
Current Slots Golden Moon
Table Games - Dice
Table Games - Roulette
Table Games - Blackjack
Table Games - Mini-Baccarat
Meetings
Request for Proposal
Dining
Golf
Promotions & Events
December Lounge Entertainment
$50,000 New Years Eve Giveaway
Free Fireworks Show
PLAY $50 ON US!
SPORTSBOOK Bet & Play Dancing Rabbit
Local Attractions
Rooms
Start at
$
69
.00
BOOK NOW
Check Availability
Check In
Check Out
Adults
12345678910
Children
012345678910
Book Now
Get our Sports Betting App!
Play Now
Gaming
Read More
Dining
Read More
Events
Learn More
Sign Up For Email Offers
Go
Pearl River Resort
Legal
Copyright Statement
COPYRIGHT Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise, 2002.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Copyright in this document is owned by the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians dba Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise. Any person is hereby authorized to view, copy, print and distribute this document subject to the following conditions:
(1) The document may be used for informational purposes only;(2) The document may be only used for non-commercial purposes;(3) Any copy of this document, or any portion thereof, must include this copyright notice.
NOTE that any product, process, or technology described in this document is subject to the other intellectual property rights reserved by Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise and not licensed hereunder. By placing an order or making a reservation for goods or services offered or promoted herein, you will be deemed to have agreed to the exclusive venue and jurisdiction of the Tribal Court of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians for resolution of any dispute you have relating to such goods or services. The laws of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians and the State of Mississippi (pursuant to Section 1-1-4, Choctaw Tribal Code) shall apply. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to provide recourse to the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians Government Services Division assets.
Online Privacy Policy
General
Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites, responds to our interactive advertisements or purchases goods and/or services. This Privacy Statement outlines the information Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise will collect and how that information will be used. This Statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected or further disseminated.
Choctaw Resort Development Enterprise is a wholly owned enterprise of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians which operates the Silver Star Hotel & Casino, Golden Moon Hotel & Casino, Bok Homa Casino, Dancing Rabbit Golf Club, Geyser Falls Water Theme Park and Choctaw Hospitality Institute - collectively known as "Pearl River Resort".
Personal Information
The personal information you provide (name, address, telephone number, email address) to Pearl River Resort will be used to identify you as a customer of Pearl River Resort and in connection with delivering services or products that you order. If you are reserving rooms or making a purchase, personal financial information will be obtained to secure payment.
Promotions
Personal information may be gathered from you to assist with marketing programs designed to identify broad market groups for specific promotional opportunities. By providing personal information for this purpose, you agree to be placed on marketing lists and may receive promotional notices from Pearl River Resort from time to time.
Sharing
The personal information you provide may be shared with other owned Choctaw Resort Development Enterprises. It is not anticipated that your personal information will be shared or divulged to any non-affiliated third party by us.
Children
Pearl River Resort has no intention of collecting any personal information (that is, name, address, telephone number or email address) from individuals under 21 years of age. If a child has provided us personal information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the email address or phone number listed at the bottom of this statement to identify the information which needs to be removed.
Non-PersonallyIdentifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personallyidentifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
About Us Location & Contact Media Donation Requests Careers Legal Sitemap Choctaw
Download Our Mobile App
Android
|
Iphone
A Development of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw IndiansHWY 16W Choctaw, MS 39350 |  1.866.447.3275
©2020 Pearl River Resort |  Designed by TravelClick