http://www.conquerclub.com/public.php?mode=termsofuse
Loading...
Da Club Is In Da House
THE GAME
MAPS
SCOREBOARD
TOURNAMENTS
CLANS
COMMUNITY
FORUM
HELP
RULES
GAME
SCORE
TOURNEY
CLAN
CLUB
Terms of Use
Last updated on May 4, 2014
Big Wham LLC
Introduction
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE. These Terms of Use govern use of the websites operated by or on behalf of Big Wham LLC and/or its affiliates ('Conquer Club', 'Big Wham,' 'we,' or 'us') and on which these Terms of Service appear, including those at all conquerclub.com URLs ('Websites') and the Conquer Club services provided on or through the Websites and/or accessible through various desktop and mobile web browsers, locally installed mobile web applications, third party platforms including social networking sites ('Third Party Platforms'), and various API services and other services that we may offer from time to time, including without limitation multiplayer, social, online and/or other games and applications (including mobile applications), community forums, and blogs (collectively, the 'Services'). Your right to use the Websites and/or Services is subject to your compliance with all of the terms and conditions set forth herein. THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND BIG WHAM LLC, A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION. Your access to and use of the Websites and Services are also governed by Conquer Club's Privacy Policy located at https://www.conquerclub.com/public.php?mode=privacy ('Privacy Policy') which are incorporated by reference in their entirety herein (both the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy shall collectively be referred to herein as the 'Terms' unless specifically stated otherwise). By accessing and/or using the Websites and/or Services you agree to abide by the Terms, including the Site Rules located at https://www.conquerclub.com/public.php?mode=rules and any other rules, terms, conditions, restrictions and notices therein. If you do not wish to be bound by the Terms, you may not access or use the Websites or the Services.
The Materials.
The information and materials provided on or through the Websites and/or Services, including without limitation, Virtual Currency (defined below), Site Items (defined below), and any other data, text, pictures, graphics, audio, video, icons, games, software, and upgrades for use in games or on or through the Websites and/or the Services (including any new levels, characters, and in-game items), links, and other content, features and services available on or through the Websites and/or the Services (collectively, the 'Materials'), excluding Submissions (defined below), are intended to educate and inform you about us and our business and provide you with access to the Services. THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND YOUR USE THEREOF IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Limited License and Right to Use the Materials
The Websites and Services are provided for your enjoyment, and unless otherwise specified on or in the Websites or Services, solely for your own personal use. Conquer Club hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited license to access and use the Websites and Services for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes, subject to your complete compliance with the Terms and any and all other terms and policies set forth on or in the Websites or Services, including without limitation on Third Party Platforms, Conquer Club reserves the right to revoke your right to use the Website or the Services at any time as further set forth in Section 11 herein. You acknowledge that the time that you spend on or using the Websites and/or Services including without limitation on any Third Party Platforms, is solely for your personal entertainment purposes, and that no monetary value can be attributed to such time and that, but for the license granted herein, you are not entitled under the law to use or have access to the Websites or Services and/or the Materials.
Except as expressly provided herein, Conquer Club does not grant you any other express or implied rights or license in or to the Materials, Services and/or the Websites, and all right, title and interest that Conquer Club has in the Materials and/or the Websites rights not explicitly granted to you by Conquer Club or its licensors are retained by Conquer Club or its licensors, respectively. Except as expressly set forth in the Terms, you may not modify (including without limitation making derivative works), copy, adapt, reverse engineer, de-compile or otherwise reduce to human perceivable format, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, download, scrape, display, post, transmit, transfer, license or sublicense, publicly display, or sell in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, Materials without Conquer Club's or its licensors' express prior written permission. This includes, but is not limited to scraping user locations, power levels, or utilizing any non-public information about game play or other users and migrating that data anywhere.
Intellectual Property.
You acknowledge that the Materials, Services and Websites are protected by and/or embody copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and/or other proprietary rights ('Intellectual Property') owned by Conquer Club, and/or its licensors, including without limitation the selection, coordination, arrangement, compilation, assembly and any enhancements thereto. The Websites, Services and Materials (and any Intellectual Property and other rights relating thereto) are and will remain the property of Conquer Club. The trademarks, trade names, trade dress, logos, and service marks displayed on the Websites or any Third Party Platform, including but not limited to the Conquer Club logos and trade dress are the registered and/or unregistered trademarks of Conquer Club, Conquer Club's licensors and vendors and/or other third parties. You acknowledge that the Intellectual Property is valid and protected in all media existing now or later developed and under United States and foreign laws. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights in or to the Intellectual Property. The Intellectual Property may not be used by you for any purpose without Conquer Club's prior express written permission, unless permissible by law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Intellectual Property may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Conquer Club's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that discloses confidential information or disparages Conquer Club. Nothing contained on the Websites or available on any Third Party Platform should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Intellectual Property. Except as expressly provided in a separate license agreement, Conquer Club and its licensors of the Materials do not grant any express or implied rights to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information.
Right to Modify.
We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Websites, the Materials, the Services, or any part or parts thereof with or without notice. You agree that Conquer Club will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension, or discontinuation.
Your Account.
In order to access and/or use certain aspects of the Websites and/or Services, we may require you to create a user Account ('Account'). You acknowledge and agree that you have no ownership or other proprietary interest in such Account. To create an Account, we may require or request that you to provide us with certain personal information (e.g., your name and/or e-mail address). Providing Conquer Club with your personal information is your choice. Each time you decide to provide Conquer Club with your personal information, you agree to: (a) provide accurate information about yourself as prompted by our registration form (including your current e-mail address) and (b) maintain and update your information (including your e-mail address) to keep it accurate and current. You acknowledge that, if any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Conquer Club has the right to terminate your access to and use of the Websites and/or Services (or any portion thereof) and your participation in any Services contained on or available through the Websites or any Third Party Platform. To create an Account, we may require you to select a username and password. Your username is subject to certain terms and Standards, as set forth in Sections 6 and 9 below. You agree that Conquer Club has the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate your user Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Websites and/or Services (or any portion thereof).
Username & Password.
You acknowledge that you shall be responsible for ensuring that any user name you select does not infringe any third party rights or is otherwise unlawful. Conquer Club may refuse to grant you a username in its sole discretion for any reason including if it impersonates or misleadingly implies an association with the persona of another person or entity, is or may be illegal, is or may be protected by trademark or other proprietary rights, is vulgar or otherwise offensive, or may cause confusion, or for any other reason as determined by us in our sole discretion. Your selection and use of a specific username does not convey any ownership or rights in that username and Conquer Club reserves the right to revoke and/or reassign that username in its sole discretion. You understand and agree that Conquer Club reserves the right to change, remove, alter or delete any username, with or without prior notice to you, at any time and for any reason in Conquer Club's sole discretion. YOU ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR USERNAME AND PASSWORD AND ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF YOUR ACCOUNT, INCLUDING ANY AND ALL ACTIVITIES (INCLUDING USE OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY, SITE ITEMS, OR SERVICES ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITES OR THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS, AS APPLICABLE) THAT ARE CONDUCTED THROUGH THE USE OF YOUR USERNAME AND PASSWORD WHETHER OR NOT AUTHORIZED BY YOU. You agree not to transfer or resell or otherwise convey your Account or the right to use your Account or rights therein to anyone. If you have reason to believe that your Account is no longer secure, you must: (i) promptly change your password and (ii) immediately notify us of the problem by filing a Support Ticket on our help page (with the subject line: 'Username Password Security Issues').
You agree that Conquer Club will not be liable for any loss you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account, either with or without your knowledge, and you further agree that you will be liable for losses incurred by Conquer Club or another party due to someone else using your Account. Because of this, Conquer Club strongly recommends that you exit from your Account at the end of each session. You agree to pay all fees or charges incurred by your Account, including applicable taxes at the time that the applicable fee or charge becomes payable. Unless otherwise indicated, all prices are in US Dollars. Conquer Club may add new products and services for additional fees and charges, or proactively amend fees and charges for Services and/or Materials, at any time in our sole discretion. You represent to Conquer Club that you are an authorized user of the chosen method of payment used to pay any fees you incur plus all applicable taxes. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE FULLY LIABLE FOR ALL FEES AND CHARGES MADE THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THERE ARE NO REFUNDS FOR FEES AND CHARGES MADE THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT.
Premium Membership
Premium Membership is a paid service that affords members certain privileges such as removing external advertising, allowing the play of unlimited games, allowing the play of speed games, allowing the play of Battle Royale games, allowing the play of Polymorphic games, allowing password-protected games, allowing the sending of game invitations to other members, and providing themember with a gold colored rank icon.
Premium Membership terms amy change from time to time, and are described in the Store in the description for each Premium Membership product.
Premium Membership Subscriptions
Premium Membership is currently available worldwide as a recurring subscription with varying periods (including, but not limited to, monthly, quarterly and annual periods). Premium Membership Subscriptions are nonrefundable /non-prorated and cannot be applied to prior purchases.
Your premium membership takes effect as soon as we receive and process your order. You'll receive full access to all of the benefits associated with Conquer Club's premium membership.
Recurring premium subscriptions will renew automatically until a member cancels his/her Premium Membership subscription.
TO REVIEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION STATUS: Please visit this link.
TO CANCEL YOUR MEMBERSHIP SUBSCRIPTION: Please visit this link to unsubscribe.
Cancellations generally take effect within 24 business hours. No pro-rated refunds are available for subscription cancellations. You will not be charged any subscription fees after your cancellation date. Once you unsubscribe, you lose access to the service at the expiration of your paid subscription period. This applies to all subscriptions including, but not limited to, monthly, quarterly and annual premium memberships.
Your premium membership subscription will automatically renew unless you unsubscribe.
For any billing or subscription related inquiries, please contact us at termsofuse[at]bigwham.com
Virtual Currency/Site Items.
You acknowledge that the Websites and/or Services may include a component of fictional credits or currency sometimes called 'Conquer Credits' (collectively, 'Virtual Currency') The Virtual Currency may be used exclusively within the Websites to gain access to and certain limited rights to use virtual items for use exclusively within the Websites and Services ('Site Items'). Regardless of the terminology used, Virtual Currency represents a limited license right governed solely under these Terms, and is not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value from Conquer Club or any other person or entity at any time. Virtual Currency provided by Conquer Club includes only a limited license right to use Virtual Currency. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use Virtual Currency on and in the Websites or Services including in or for any games, applications or other services provided or offered on or through the Websites and/or Third Party Platforms, and you agree that you have no right, title or ownership in or to any such Virtual Currency. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT VIRTUAL CURRENCY AND SITE ITEMS HAVE NO CASH VALUE AND THAT NEITHER CONQUER CLUB NOR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY HAS ANY OBLIGATION TO EXCHANGE YOUR VIRTUAL CURRENCY OR SITE ITEMS FOR ANYTHING OF VALUE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REAL CURRENCY, AND THAT, IF YOUR ACCOUNT IS TERMINATED, SUSPENDED OR OTHERWISE MODIFIED OR IF YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS THE WEBSITES AND/OR SERVICES IS TERMINATED, THE VIRTUAL CURRENCY, SITE ITEMS AND YOUR ACCOUNT SHALL HAVE NO VALUE.
Conquer Club reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Currency or Site Items, and/or may distribute Virtual Currency or Site Items without charge, in its sole discretion. For example, Conquer Club may, as a promotion or benefit of membership, provide users with a certain amount of Virtual Currency or a certain Site Item based upon the completion of an activity, such as signing up a certain number of users. You acknowledge and agree that Conquer Club may revise or take action that impacts the perceived value of or pricing for any Virtual Currency, Site Items and/or any Services at any time except as may be stated in writing. Virtual Currency and Site Items will not expire and will not incur fees for non-use. All purchases of Virtual Currency and Site Items are final and under no circumstances will be refundable, transferable or exchangeable.
Conquer Club has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Virtual Currency and/or Site Items as it sees fit in its sole discretion, and Conquer Club shall have no liability to you or anyone else for the exercise of such rights. For example, Virtual Currency and Site Items will be lost, deleted from your Account, or forfeited when/if your Account is terminated, suspended or closed for any reason or when Conquer Club discontinues any or all of the Websites or Services, including without limitation any Services provided or offered through Third Party Platforms. Conquer Club reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make all calculations regarding the balance of Virtual Currency in your Account. Conquer Club further reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to determine the number of Virtual Currency that are credited and debited from your Account in connection with your use of the Websites (including any games, applications or services provided or offered on the Websites or through Third Party Platforms), entry into Promotions, and/or purchase of Site Items. While Conquer Club strives to make all such calculations on a consistent and reasonable basis, you hereby acknowledge and agree that Conquer Club's determination of the amount of Virtual Currency in your Account is final, unless you can provide documentation to Conquer Club that such calculation was or is intentionally incorrect.
Virtual Currency Transfers/Transactions.
Any unauthorized transferring, trading, selling or exchanging of any Virtual Currency, Site Items, or Accounts ('Unauthorized Transactions') to anyone, including among other users of the Websites or Services is not sanctioned by Conquer Club and is strictly forbidden. All users who participate in such activities do so at their own risk and hereby agree to indemnify Conquer Club against any and all consequences resulting from such actions. You acknowledge that Conquer Club may stop, suspend, terminate, discontinue, or reverse any Unauthorized Transaction, regardless of when such Unauthorized Transaction occurred (or has yet to occur) when it suspects or has evidence of fraud, violations of the Terms, violations of any other applicable law or regulation, or any intentional act designed to interfere at all with the normal operation of the Websites or Services. You further agree that Conquer Club may, in its sole discretion, reverse any transaction that is in its best interest, or may debit your balance of Virtual Currency, including without limitation, taking actions, which may cause your balance to be zero and/or a negative amount. Conquer Club may, in its sole discretion, terminate, suspend, or modify your Account if you engage or assist in any Unauthorized Transaction. Verification of certain information applicable to a transaction involving Virtual Currency and/or Site Items may be required prior to Conquer Club's acceptance thereof. In addition, as a condition to receiving certain Virtual Currency, Site Items, or other awards for participating in Promotions, you may be required to provide additional information, to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain biographical or other information about you in Conquer Club's marketing materials, including on the Websites and in the Services. You acknowledge and agree that Conquer Club shall have no liability for the use or loss of such information, Virtual Currency and/or Site Items due to any unauthorized third party activity, such as hacking, phishing, password mining, social engineering, and/or any other unauthorized third party or other user's activity. Conquer Club may replace such lost Virtual Currency and/or Site Items under certain circumstances, at its sole discretion on a case-by-case basis, without incurring any obligation or liability. You may be required to provide Conquer Club or its designated agent with your credit card number or other billing information, and related information, in order to purchase Virtual Currency or Site Items. You may also have the option of participating in third party offers to receive Virtual Currency. Conquer Club is not responsible or liable to you for any credit card or bank-related charges and fees related to your transactions on the Websites, on or through Third Party Platforms, or for your participation in any third party offers. All such transactions are administered by a third party payment processor and/or store. Conquer Club expressly disclaims any liability for any such transactions, and you agree that your sole avenue of recourse regarding such transactions is through such third party processor and/or store. You acknowledge and agree: (a) that any credit card transaction-related information will be treated by Conquer Club as described in the Privacy Policy and, as applicable, in the privacy policy of the third-party payment processor(s) or stores used by Conquer Club on or through the Websites or Third Party Platforms, (b) that all credit card and other payment related information that you provide to Conquer Club, its designated payment processor or store, or a third party providing offers, is accurate, current and complete; (c) that you will pay any and all charges incurred by you or any authorized user of your payment method resulting from your purchase at the rate(s) in effect when such charges are incurred; and (d) that you are responsible for any and all federal, state and local taxes relating to or arising from your purchase.
Online Services/Your Responsibilities
While using any of the Websites and/or Materials, including on or in any Submissions (as defined below), postings or ratings, you agree to follow our community standards and guidelines set forth in the Websites forums (any all such standards are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms) (collectively, 'Standards'). You agree not to: Use the Websites or Services in any manner that violates any applicable laws or regulations or is prohibited by these Terms; 'Stalk', harass, threaten, or defraud other Conquer Club users or any members of Conquer Club staff; Create a false identity or impersonate another person or entity, including without limitation, identities falsely indicating that you are a Conquer Club official or representative, message board moderator, guide, another user or host, or that you are a celebrity or public figure; Access another user's Account without permission; Make offers, advertisements or proposals for goods, services, or other commercial activities outside of Conquer Club; Send, post, transmit or make available any unsolicited or inappropriate content, information or Submissions, junk mail, SPAM, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities, or other unsolicited or unauthorized commercial or promotional content, information or communications, except as expressly permitted by Conquer Club as set forth in the Terms or in writing; Share Conquer Club passwords with a third party; Send, post, transmit or make available any content, information or Submissions that are subject to intellectual property protection, including, copyright trademark, trade secret or patent rights, or otherwise subject to third party property rights, including rights of privacy and publicity, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from the owner of such rights to do so and to grant Conquer Club all the license rights necessary to transmit or maintain such content, information or Submissions; Misrepresent the source, identity, or content of information sent, posted, transmitted or made available via the Websites, the Services or a Third Party Platform, (such as claiming a created work as your own that is not actually yours); Use features of the Websites or Services for anything other than their intended purpose, including exploiting glitches for personal gain; Interfere with or disable any security-related features of the Websites or Services, or any part thereof, including any Services available on or through any Third Party Platforms; Damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Websites or Services, including any Services available on or through any Third Party Platforms, including by sending, posting, transmitting or distributing anything that contains a virus or other code intended to damage or interfere with the Websites or Services or any portion thereof, or any software, hardware, equipment, system, data, or other information of Conquer Club or any third party; Institute an attack upon any server used in connection with the Websites or Services, or any portion thereof, or otherwise attempt to disrupt such servers or any Services available thereon or on or through any Third Party Platform, including, by hacking or DOS attacks; Intentionally interfere with the operation or fair play of any Services available on the Websites or through any Third Party Platform, or any other user's enjoyment of such Services; Decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Websites or Materials, including any Services available on or through the Websites or Third Party Platforms; Use, develop, or distribute any robot (or 'bot'), spider, unauthorized script, unauthorized scraper or offline reader, or any other cheat, exploit, mod, bot, hack or the like, or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere with or provide automated access to or use of the Websites or Services, or any portion thereof, or any Services available on or through any Third Party Platform; Frame or mirror any part of the Websites or Services without Conquer Club's written permission; Buy, sell or trade Site Items or user Accounts for non-Conquer Club items (including cash) or vice versa; Make improper use of Conquer Club's support services, including by submitting false abuse reports; Imply or state that any statements you make are endorsed by Conquer Club without Conquer Club's prior written consent; Harvest or collect any information about any user of the Websites or Services, including any Services available through Third Party Platforms, including Personal Information or other Account information, including passwords, e-mail addresses, or geo-locations; Modify any part of the Websites or Services, including any Services available through any Third Party Platform, for your own personal or commercial purposes, including but not limited to, altering, adapting, licensing, sublicensing, or translating the Websites or Services; or Assist, permit or encourage any party in engaging in any of the activities described in the above listing; While using the Websites or Materials, you agree to comply with these and all Standards, as well as all applicable laws, rules and regulations, Conquer Club has the sole discretion to delete, suspend, terminate or close your user Account, with or without prior notification to you, for any violation of these Terms, including any of the STANDARDS.
Forums & Submissions.
The Services may include features such as ratings, message boards, e-mail services, blogs and/or other forums or areas where you and others can post or transmit information onto or through the Websites or Services, including through Third Party Platforms (collectively, the 'Forums'), and may redistribute content you send/upload/post to the Websites or through Third Party Platforms. By sending, posting or transmitting to Conquer Club photos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas or User Ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings or other materials (collectively, 'Submissions') or by posting such Submissions to any area of the Websites (including without limitation, the Forums) or on Third Party Platforms, you grant Conquer Club and our designees and users a worldwide, non-exclusive, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), create derivative works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale and import such Submissions in any media now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to you or the provider of the Submissions. None of the Submissions will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise, on our part and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions. Information and Submissions contained on our Forums may be provided by persons not affiliated with us. You must not transmit any Submission to or through the Websites, Services or Third Party Platforms, or to Conquer Club that you consider to be confidential or proprietary, and any Submissions shall be deemed non-confidential. You are responsible and liable for any Submissions. You acknowledge and agree that your communications with other users via the Forums are public and not private communications, and that you have no expectation of privacy concerning your use of the Forums. You acknowledge that any personal information that you communicate via the Forums may be seen and used by others and may result in unsolicited communications. Conquer Club strongly encourages you not to disclose any personal information about yourself in your communications via the Forums. Conquer Club is not responsible for information that you choose to communicate via the Forums or Submission. You acknowledge that a large volume of information is available in our Forums is user submitted and that people participating in such Forums occasionally post Submissions or make statements, whether intentionally or unintentionally, that could be construed as offensive, inaccurate, misleading, illegal or deceptive. We neither endorse nor are responsible for such Submissions or statements, or for any opinion, advice, information or other utterance made or displayed on the Websites or Services, through Third Party Platforms, or in any Forums by third persons or parties. The opinions expressed in the Forums reflect solely the opinion(s) of the participants of the Forums and do not necessarily reflect the opinion(s) of Conquer Club. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions in articles or postings, for hyperlinks embedded in Submissions or for any results obtained from the use of any such statements or information. Under no circumstances will Conquer Club or our affiliates, suppliers or agents be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on the Submissions or on any information or materials obtained through the Websites, Services, or any Third Party Platform. We have no obligation to monitor the Websites, Services, any Third Party Platform, or the Forums, or any Submissions or other materials that you or other third persons or parties transmit or post on the Websites, in the Services, on any Third Party Platform, or in the Forums. You acknowledge and agree that Conquer Club has the right (but not the obligation) to do any or all of the following, at its sole discretion: (i) alter, remove, or refuse to post or allow to be posted or stored any Submission or message; (ii) monitor and/or filter any of your communications through the Forums (including without limitation, by means of blocking or replacing expletives or other language that may be deemed harmful or offensive); and/or (iii) disclose any Submission or message or any communication through the Forums, and the circumstances surrounding the transmission thereof, to any third party in order to operate the Websites or any Services available thereon or through any Third Party Platform to (a) protect Conquer Club and its sponsors, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives and affiliates, and Conquer Club's users and visitors; (b) to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests; and (c) to enforce these Terms; or for any other reason or purpose.
Not withstanding anything stated herein, by posting a Submission you represent and warrant that (a) you own or otherwise control all of the rights including without limitation, all copyrights, to your Submission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the submission; (b) the content is accurate; (b) use of the content you supply does not violate the Terms and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and (d) you will indemnify Conquer Club and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates for all claims resulting from any content, information, and ratings, including without limitation, all Submissions, you supply, provide or transmit to Conquer Club or the Websites or any Third Party Platform. Conquer Club has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Conquer Club takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content, materials or Submissions posted by you or any third party. CONQUER CLUB RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REMOVE ANY SUBMISSIONS THAT IT DETERMINES IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION VIOLATES OF ANY LAW OR RIGHT OF ANY PERSON, INFRINGES THE RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON, OR IS OTHERWISE INAPPROPRIATE FOR POSTING OR APPEARING ON THE WEBSITES, IN THE SERVICES, OR IN ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM. Conquer Club may store Submissions indefinitely. However, Conquer Club has no obligation to store Submissions or make Submissions available to you in the future and Submissions may be destroyed without your permission with no liability to Conquer Club for doing so.
Termination.
Your right to access and use the Websites, Services and Materials will remain effective until terminated in accordance with the Terms. Conquer Club reserves the right to revoke the license granted to you herein, and if we do, Conquer Club may terminate your access to and use of the Websites, Services and Materials and may, in its sole discretion, maintain or delete your Account and any items associated therewith, including without limitation any Virtual Currency, Site Items, and Submissions. If Conquer Club revokes your license, Conquer Club will not have any liability to you for any time spent by you, any Virtual Currency, Site Items and/or Submissions associated with your Account, or for any other reason whatsoever. In particular, but without limitation, you understand that value cannot and shall not be attributed to the time that you may spend accumulating Virtual Currency, accumulating or creating Site Items, creating Submissions, or accumulating or creating any other digital and/or virtual objects, and you understand and agree that you will not be compensated under any circumstances for any Virtual Currency, Site Items, or Submissions, regardless of whether you are barred from access to them.
Conquer Club may suspend, terminate, modify, or delete your Account or rights thereto with or without prior notice to you, at any time for any reason or for no reason, including without limitation, for any violation or suspected violation of the Terms or for any other reason that Conquer Club in its sole discretion determines is appropriate. Upon termination, your right to access and use the Websites, Services and Materials, including without limitation the Site Items and Virtual Currency, will immediately cease. Conquer Club also reserves the right to refuse service to anyone and to remove content, Submissions or Materials for any reason whatsoever in its sole discretion.
Eligibility.
By accessing the Websites or Services, or anything accessible or available on the Websites or through Third Party Platforms, register for an Account, access chats, blogs, or transmit or post any Submission or any Personal Information to any Forum or Blog or anywhere else on the Websites (collectively or individually referred to hereon as "access the site"), you represent that you either (1) are of legal age to consent in your jurisdiction or (2) are a minor with express parental or guardian consent to access the site. NOTE: If you are not of legal age to consent in your jurisdiction, you must obtain express consent by a parent or legal guardian before you may access the site. IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN AND YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONSENT TO YOUR CHILD TO ACCESS THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH CHILD'S USE OF THE WEBSITES AND/OR SERVICES AND/OR ANYTHING ACCESSIBLE OR AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITES OR THROUGH THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT ANY PAYMENTS AUTHORIZED BY YOUR CHILD SHALL BE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY. Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. Section 230(d), as amended, we hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of protections is available from America Links Up: http://www.netparents.org/parentstips/browsers.html.
User Ideas.
You must not transmit any ideas for new promotions, products, games, applications, technologies or processes or other ideas (collectively, 'User Ideas') to or through the Websites, Services or Third Party Platforms, or to Conquer Club through e-mail, that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. You agree that Conquer Club shall not be required to treat any User Ideas as being confidential or proprietary. You are responsible and liable for any User Ideas you submit. You agree that by submitting User Ideas to Conquer Club, including maps, any concepts, know-how or ideas, you hereby grant Conquer Club a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, sell, exploit, prepare derivative works of and display the User Ideas in connection with the Websites or Services, and for Conquer Club's (and its successor's) business, including without limitation, for promoting and redistributing part or all of the User Ideas (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels whether now known or hereafter developed, without payment or accounting to you or others. Conquer Club is under no obligation to evaluate, review, or use any User Idea.
Acknowledgements.
You hereby agree and acknowledge that: (a) Conquer Club has the right to obtain without notification to you certain information about your computer or software, including without limitation, your operating system, identification of your hard drives, central processing unit, IP address, and Internet browser for purposes of identification and other lawful purposes; (b) Conquer Club has the right to obtain without notification to you non-personal information from your connection to the Websites or Services or via any Third Party Platform for demographic or other legal purposes; and (c) Conquer Club has the right to obtain without notification to you information from your computer, software, and parts or portions thereof, including without limitation, your computer's random access memory, video card, central processing unit, hard drive(s) and any other storage devices in order to assist our efforts in policing users who may develop and/or use 'hacks.' The information obtained in this Section may be used for the purpose of identifying persons or entities not in compliance or believed by Conquer Club to not be in compliance with the Terms and any and all other Conquer Club Standards, rules, policies, notices and/or agreements. You acknowledge and agree that you (and not Conquer Club) are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telecommunications, broadband, and computer hardware, equipment, and services needed to access and use any service provided by Conquer Club, including without limitation, the Websites, Services, or Third Party Platforms, and paying all charges related thereto. You also acknowledge that you are responsible for obtaining and maintaining your access to any websites through which you access Conquer Club's products or Services, including the Websites and any Third Party Platforms.
Privacy.
Conquer Club uses the information and data you provide in a number of ways to manage the Websites and Services, including those Services it makes available through Third Party Platforms. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy you may not use the Websites or Services, including any Services available through any Third Party Platform. Without limiting the terms of the Privacy Policy, you understand that we do not guarantee that your use of the Websites or Services, including any Services available through Third Party Platforms, and/or the information provided by you will be private or secure, and we are not responsible or liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Websites or Services, including any Services available through any Third Party Platform.
Sweepstakes/Contests.
From time to time we may offer or allow you to participate in promotions, giveaways, contests or sweepstakes (each, a 'Promotion') on our Websites, via the Services, or through a Third Party Platform. Participation in any Promotion is subject to the official rules or guidelines governing that Promotion. Conquer Club may announce rules in connection with any Promotion, but regardless of whether specific rules are announced, all such opportunities will be controlled by the Terms, unless specifically superseded by Promotion-specific rules. In addition, as a condition to receiving any Virtual Currency or other awards or prizes for participating in such Promotions, you may be required to provide additional information, to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain biographical or other information about you in Conquer Club marketing materials. Please also be aware that if a third party administers the Promotion, your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions, and you should specifically read such third party's rules, terms of service, and privacy policies before participating. You agree that Conquer Club is not responsible for such third parties' promotions.
Accessing Materials.
Access to the Websites or Materials from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access or use the Websites or Materials do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local rules including, without limitation, rules about the internet, data, e-mail, or privacy. You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside. Users visiting the Websites or Third Party must agree to abide by all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
Allegations of Copyright Infringement.
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by Conquer Club infringe your copyright (for example, materials posted by a user on one of our Forums), you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the material be removed or access to it blocked. Please see the following requirements and specific instructions for submitting a notice to Conquer Club. If you believe that your copyright-protected work has been copied and posted on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, then please contact Conquer Club's DMCA Agent with the following information sufficient details to enable us to identify the work claimed to be infringed or, if multiple works are claimed to be infringed, a representative list of such works (for example: title, author, any registration or tracking number, URL); sufficient detail to enable us to identify and locate the material that is claimed to be infringing (for example a link to the page that contains the material); Your contact information so that we can contact you (for example, your address, telephone number, email address); A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in sub-section ii above is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A written statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is alleged to be infringed. Your physical or electronic signature. Please send this written notice to our designated agent as follows:
Registered Agent
Big Wham LLC
Email: termsofuse[at]bigwham.com
Conquer Club's DMCA Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement should be contacted only for the purposes set forth in this Section. ALL OTHER INQUIRIES DIRECTED TO CONQUER CLUB'S AGENT WILL NOT BE ANSWERED. ANY MISUSE OR MISCONDUCT CAN SUBJECT YOU TO LIABILITY.
Third-Party Offerings.
The Websites may include links to other websites or services (including advertisements and payment providers) solely as a convenience to you ('Linked Sites'). The inclusion of any Linked Site does not imply endorsement by Conquer Club of any third party, third party websites or any association with the operators of such Linked Sites. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of service/use posted at any third party or Linked Sites. The content on Linked Sites is not under the control of Conquer Club. Conquer Club does not provide or endorse any such Linked Sites or the information, material, products, or services contained on or available or accessible on or through any Linked Sites, nor is Conquer Club responsible if the Linked Site is not functioning properly. Furthermore, Conquer Club makes no express or implied warranties with regard to the information, material, products, or services that are contained on or accessible through Linked Sites. Access and use of Linked Sites, including the information, material, products, and services on Linked Sites or available through Linked Sites, is solely at your own risk, and you acknowledge and agree that Conquer Club is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused by your use of any or dealings with any Linked Site or as the result of the presence of any advertisers on the Websites or available through any Third Party Platforms. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Websites are solely between you and such advertiser. Any dealings with third parties, such as advertisers, included within the Websites or through any Third Party Platform or participation in Promotions involving the delivery of and payment for goods and services, or any other terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such third parties, are solely between you and that third party. Conquer Club is neither responsible nor liable for any part of such dealings or Promotions.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
THE WEBSITES AND THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITES OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, ARE PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, CONQUER CLUB AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. CONQUER CLUB AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS AND AGENTS DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES OR THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITES OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR SECURE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITES OR THE MATERIALS (OR ANY PART THEREOF INCLUDING THE SERVICES), THE SUBMISSIONS, THE SERVER(S) ON WHICH THE WEBSITES OR SERVICES ARE HOSTED, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITES OR ON ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. NO OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT OF CONQUER CLUB OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS, SPONSORS, AGENTS, MEMBERS OR VISITORS, WHETHER MADE ON THE WEBSITES, IN THE MATERIALS, ON THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITES AND MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE WEBSITES OR ON ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, ARE ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Limitation of Liability. NEITHER CONQUER CLUB NOR ANY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS OR SPONSORS, NOR OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES, ARE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOST PROFITS), UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE WEBSITES AND/OR MATERIALS, INCLUDING ANY MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, SUBMISSIONS, ANY LINKED WEBSITES OR ANY CODE, PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED, ACCESSIBLE OR USABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITES OR ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE WEBSITES, MATERIALS, INCLUDING ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITES OR THROUGH ANY THIRD PARTY PLATFORM, SUBMISSIONS OR ANY LINKED WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE WEBSITES, MATERIALS, SUBMISSIONS, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OR LINKED WEBSITES, AS APPLICABLE. THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO CONQUER CLUB FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, SHALL BE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO CONQUER CLUB IN THE PRECEDING TWELVE (12) MONTHS, IF ANY, TO ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITES OR SERVICES. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. NO COMMUNICATION OF ANY KIND BETWEEN YOU AND CONQUER CLUB OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF CONQUER CLUB CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF ANY LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY HEREUNDER OR CREATE ANY ADDITIONAL WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS. MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT INCREASE THE MONETARY DAMAGES LIMIT STATED HEREIN. YOU AGREE THAT THE DAMAGE EXCLUSIONS IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL APPLY EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Inaccuracies.
A possibility exists that the Websites, Materials, including any Services provided on any Third Party Platform, or Submissions could include inaccuracies or errors, or information or materials that violate the Terms. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized alterations could be made by third parties to the Websites or Materials, including any Services available on any Third Party Platform. Although Conquer Club attempts to ensure the integrity of the Websites and Materials, including the Services on Third Party Platforms, we make no guarantees as to the Websites's or Materials's completeness or correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which the Websites's or Materials's completeness or correctness is in question, please submit a request here termsofuse@bigwham.com (with the subject line 'Inaccuracies in Websites or on Third Party Platform Name') with, if possible, a description of the material to be checked and the location (URL) where such material can be found on the Websites or Third Party Platform at issue, as well as information sufficient to enable us to contact you. We will try to address your concerns as soon as reasonably practicable. For copyright infringement claims, see the section on 'Copyright Infringement' above.
Errors.
A possibility exists that errors could occur on the Websites, including any Services provided on any Third Party Platform. Although Conquer Club attempts to ensure the integrity of the Websites, including the Services on Third Party Platforms, we make no guarantees as to the Websites's correctness. In the event that a situation arises in which the Websites's correctness is in question, please report a bug in our Bug Forum (https://www.conquerclub.com/forum/viewforum.php?f=506) or submit a Support Ticket in our Help section (http://support.conquerclub.com). Conquer Club may attempt to correct any errors in the Websites, however you agree that Conquer Club has no responsibility and is not liable for any such errors, or the consequences of any such errors.
System Outages.
Conquer Club periodically schedules system downtime for the Websites and Services for maintenance and other purposes. Additionally, unplanned system outages may occur. You agree that Conquer Club has no responsibility and is not liable for any losses resulting from any planned or unplanned system outages including: (a) the unavailability of the Websites or Services including those available on Third Party Platforms; (b) any loss of materials, data, transactions or any other information or materials caused by such system outages; (c) the resultant delay, mis-delivery, or non-delivery of data, transactions or any other information or materials caused by such system outages; or (d) any outages caused by any third parties, including without limitation, any companies or servers hosting the Websites or Services, any Internet service providers, any Third Party Platforms, or any Internet facilities and networks.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Conquer Club, its officers, directors, partners, employees, consultants, and agents, from and against any third party claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from (a) any allegation that any Submission or other information you post, submit to us or transmit to the Websites or through a Third Party Platform infringes or otherwise violates the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other right of any third party; (b) your breach or violation (including through use of your username or Account, whether or not by you) of the Terms, including the Standards, or any applicable laws or regulations; (c) your access to and use of the Websites, the Materials, including any Services available on Third Party Platforms, or Submissions; (d) any viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, spyware, or other similar harmful programming routines posted, submitted or transmitted by you to the Websites, in the Services, or on any Third Party Platform; and/or (e) any claim that one of your postings, User Ideas or Submissions caused damage to a third party, including without limitation, libel, defamation, loss of or harm to reputation or any other damage whatsoever.
Notice for California Users.
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California Websites users are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
Statute of Limitations.
Unless contrary to applicable law, Any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Websites, the Materials, including any Services or information available through Third Party Platforms, or the Terms must be filed within 1 year after such claim or cause or action arose regardless of any statutes or law to the contrary. In the event any such claim or cause of action is not filed within such 1 year period, such claim or cause of action are forever barred.
Modifications to these Terms of Service.
Conquer Club may change these terms of use at any time, with or without notice. Revised Terms supersede all previous notices or statements regarding the Websites and Materials. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms any time you access or use the Websites or Materials, and recommend that you print out a copy for your records. Upon our request, you agree to accept or sign a non-electronic version of these Terms of Service and any other policies or agreements set forth or available on or through the Websites or any Third Party Platform.
Mobile Terms.
The Websites and Materials, including without limitation any Services available through Third Party Platforms, may include versions designed for mobile content that may be viewed on mobile devices (the 'Mobile Site'). In order to use the Mobile Site, you must have a wireless mobile device capable of two-way messaging and wireless service (with SMS (text messaging) capability) through a participating mobile service provider. You agree that are solely responsible for all message & data charges that you incur from your mobile service provider for your use of the Mobile Site. These charges may include standard and premium SMS charges and may be a one-time or reoccurring charge. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Please contact your mobile service provider for pricing plans and details. Conquer Club is not liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your mobile phone number, your carrier's name and the date, time and content of your messages.
Notice.
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal notices will be served on Conquer Club's national registered agent or to the e-mail address you provide to Conquer Club during the registration process. Notice will be deemed given 48 hours after e-mail is sent, unless the sending party is notified that the e-mail address is invalid.
Waiver.
The failure of Conquer Club to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed by Conquer Club.
Governing Law/Jurisdiction for US Users.
Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regards to its principles of conflicts of law that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in the State of California. Any disputes between you and Conquer Club relating to the Website or the must be resolved exclusively through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. A party electing arbitration shall initiate proceedings by filing an arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association (AAA). The arbitration proceedings shall be governed by the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules, Consumer Due Process Protocol, and Supplementary Procedures for Resolution of Consumer-Related Disputes. In addition, you and Conquer Club agree that the following rules shall apply to the arbitration proceedings: (a) the arbitration shall be conducted, at the option of the party seeking relief, by telephone, online, or based solely on written submissions; (b) the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties; and (c) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Severability.
If any provision of the Terms is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Assignment.
The Terms and any related rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you without Conquer Club's prior written consent, but may be assigned by Conquer Club freely without restriction.
Entire Agreement.
This is the entire agreement between you and Conquer Club relating to the subject matter herein and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements between us with respect to such subject matter. Miscellaneous. No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by the Terms. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. Conquer Club's performance of the Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in the Terms is in derogation of Conquer Club's right to comply with governmental, court, and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Websites, Services, including without limitation those available through Third Party Platforms, and any information provided to or gathered by Conquer Club with respect to such use(s). A printed version of the Terms and of any notices given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The parties agree that all correspondence relating to the Terms must be written in the English language. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Service, please contact us through our email: termsofuse[at]bigwham.com.
Login
Store |
Terms Of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Rules |
Contact |
Reset Panels
Conquer Club is not associated with RISK online in any way. Copyright  2006-2020 by Big Wham LLC