http://www.emeraldqueen.com/privacy-policy/
HOME | PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos website, we track and collect certain information that is non-personally identifiable. This information includes: Your operating system Your web browserYour IP addressThe duration of your useThe pages viewedDates and times that our site is accessedThis information does not personally identify you, but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on our website. You may be asked to provide personal information so that we can respond to your request for information. We will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our site activities. We may combine information collected online through the site with any other data we have collected about you using our offline resources including but not limited to players club accounts, surveys, guest comments, and market research. Occasionally, we request visitors of the site to provide your name and e-mail address in order to provide you with information about, for example, promotions and special offers, or to receive electronic newsletters.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
The primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience on our network. This includes personalized services, interactive communications, electronic newsletters and many other types of services, all of which are completely free to you. By knowing a little about you, Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos is able to deliver more relevant offers and content, and hence better service, to you. We do this to better understand and serve our customers. When you are on the Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos alone unless specifically stated otherwise. In order to provide co-branded service to you, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our partner companies. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos, you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.  Except as provided for herein, we do not disclose to third parties any information obtained through our website without your consent. Your information may be disclosed if necessary: (1) to protect and defend our rights or property; (2) to comply with a court order or other legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authorities, including but not limited to, authorities which regulate gaming activities; or (3) in our sole discretion, in extraordinary circumstances in which we deem such disclosure is prudent.
COOKIES
We currently use “cookies” on our website to detect your web browser’s multimedia capabilities and to provide a unique identifier to your computer so that we can generate statistics regarding website usage. Cookies may also be used to help speed your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during registration) but does not include data that will identify you personally. "Cookies" are text files that store very small bits of information that help to identify you and your session interacting with a website. To learn more specifics about how cookies work, please refer to the help section of your web browser.
DATA SECURITY
We take every reasonable precaution to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Nevertheless, when disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that there is an inherent risk in the use of e-mail and the internet. Your information may be intercepted without our consent can be collected illegally and used by others without your consent. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.To be removed from our e-mail database, send an e-mail to us or call us. Be sure to include the e-mail address you used to register.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Our website may provide links to other websites. We do not endorse the materials disseminated at other websites. We are not responsible for the content, validity, privacy policies or reliability of any website linked to our site. The information practices of those Web sites linked to the Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos site are not covered by this privacy statement.
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 21
Pursuant to applicable law, persons under the age of 21 are not permitted to gamble at our casinos, loiter in gaming areas or consume alcoholic beverages. Similarly, our website is not intended for persons under the age of 21. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Act, persons younger than 21 years of age are not allowed to use our site.   Emerald Queen Hotel & Casinos does not collect information from anyone under the age of 21. If we become aware of such information, steps will be taken to remove it.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify or change this privacy policy at any time, simply by posting such changes on the site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.