https://www.spotify.com/legal/cookies-policy/
Legal
Terms and Conditions of Use
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Spotify Cookie Policy
Effective as of January 16, 2019
1
What are cookies and other similar technologies?
2 How does Spotify use cookies?
3 How to manage your cookie preferences
4 Updates to this Policy
5 How to contact us
Hello, and welcome to Spotify’s Cookie Policy (“Policy”).
The objective of this Policy is to provide you, as a user of Spotify’s services, with clear and accessible information about the cookies that Spotify uses, the role they play in helping us provide the best possible experience to you and the choices you have when it comes to your cookie settings.
1. What are cookies and other similar technologies?
Cookies are text files which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. They are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org or www.youronlinechoices.eu.
The term cookie actually describes a range of technologies, including:
pixel tags (transparent graphic images placed on a web page or in an email, which indicate that a page or email has been viewed),
mobile device identifiers, and
web storage used in desktop software or mobile devices.
We’ll use the term cookie throughout this Policy to cover all of these technologies, but we’ll make sure we provide you with clear details about them all so that you can make informed choices about your cookie settings.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your user experience. They can also help to ensure that ads you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
There are a few different categories of cookies, including:
Session and Persistent Cookies
Session Cookies - these are cookies which expire once you close your web browser; and
Persistent Cookies - these are cookies which stay on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them.
First and Third Party Cookies
First-party cookies - these are cookies set by the website that you are visiting at that time, either by us, or by a third party at our request;
Third-party cookies - these are cookies that are set by a party other than that of the website you are visiting. If you visit the Spotify website or use the Spotify Service and another party sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie.
Cookies also differ depending on the purpose they are used for, including:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use the features of our services, such as maintaining your playlist. Without these cookies, services you have asked for e.g., e-billing, cannot be provided.
In summary, these cookies enable services you have specifically asked for and make using our services possible.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our services, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how our services perform.
Web analytics that use cookies to gather data to enhance the performance of a website fall into this category. For example, they may be used for testing designs and ensuring a consistent look and feel is maintained for the user. This category does not include cookies used for behavioural/targeted advertising networks.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.
If the same cookie is used for re-targeting they must be included in the ‘Targeting or advertising cookies’ category as well. It might also include cookies that are used to deliver a specific function, but where that function includes cookies used for behavioural/targeted advertising networks they must be included in the ‘Targeting or advertising cookies’ category as well as this category.
Targeting or advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver advertisements more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisations.
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.
2.
How does Spotify use cookies?
Spotify, or our service providers acting on our behalf, uses the types of cookies identified in Section 1 above in the following ways:
Cookie Type
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are necessary to allow us to operate the Spotify Service as you have requested. For example, they let us recognise what type of subscriber you are and then provide you with services accordingly.
Performance / Analytics
We use cookies and other similar technologies to analyse how the Spotify Service is accessed, is used, or is performing. We use this information to maintain, operate, and continually improve the Spotify Service. We may also obtain information from our email newsletters or other communications we send to you, including whether you opened or forwarded a newsletter or clicked on any of its content. This information tells us about our newsletters' effectiveness and helps us ensure that we're delivering information that you find interesting.
Functional
These cookies let us operate the Spotify Service according to your preferences. For example,
when you continue to use or come back to the Spotify Service, we can provide you with our services based on information you provide to us, such as remembering your username, how you have customised our services, and reminding you of content you have enjoyed or listened to on the service previously.
Targeted Advertising
We use these cookies and other similar technologies to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests, including interest-based advertising. The information may also be used to record how many times you’ve been served a particular advertisement and to ensure we do not display the same advertisement to you repeatedly, and to otherwise help us measure their effectiveness.
Third Party
We may allow our Business Partners to use cookies or other similar technologies on or outside the Spotify Service for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites, applications, and/or devices.
Spotify Ads
We work with website publishers, application developers, advertising networks, and service providers to deliver advertisements and other content promoting Spotify on other web sites and services. Cookies and other similar technologies may be used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests on other websites, applications, and devices, and to regulate the advertisements you receive and measure their effectiveness.
3.
How to manage your cookie preferences
Browser Cookies
You can withdraw or modify your consent to our use of cookies at any time. If you no longer wish to receive cookies you can use your web browser settings to accept, refuse and delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings).
Please note that if you set your browser to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of the Spotify website. To find out more information, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Mobile Identifiers
On your mobile device, your operating system may provide you with additional options to opt out of interest based advertising or to otherwise reset your mobile identifiers. For example, you may use the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting (on iOS devices) or a setting to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (on Android) which allows you to limit the use of information about your use of apps for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests.
Cookies on the Spotify Desktop Application
You can withdraw your consent to our use of cookies on Spotify’s desktop application at any time.
If you no longer wish to receive cookies, navigate to your Account Settings page and turn on the Desktop Cookie Opt-Out feature.
When the feature is turned on, it will block
cookies from that installation of the Spotify desktop application on that computer; if you have Spotify installed on more than one machine, or if you re-install the application, then you will need to turn the feature on for each installation.
You will need to restart the application for this feature to take effect.
Please note that if you set the Spotify desktop application to block cookies, then your Spotify experience may be affected.
Interest-Based Advertising
Certain targeted advertisements that we (or a service provider acting on our behalf) display to you based on information about your online activities across websites and other interactive properties operated by third parties may include the “Ad Choices” icon or another mechanism to opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements. You may click on the AdChoices icon or visit www.aboutads.info to receive more information about the collection and use of information about your online activities for interest based advertising or to learn how to opt out of having your data used for interest based advertising by Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies.
Canadian users can also visit www.youradchoices.ca.
European users can also visit www.youronlinechoices.com to learn how to opt out of having their data used for interest-based advertising by European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) member companies.
The Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI) Opt-Out Tool at www.networkadvertising.org/choices allows you to opt out from the use of information about your online activities for interest based advertising by NAI member companies.
Please note that even if you opt out using the mechanisms above, you may still receive advertisements when using the Spotify Service.
4. Updates to this Policy
We may occasionally make changes to this Policy.
When we make material changes to this Policy, we’ll provide you with prominent notice e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or by sending you an email. We may notify you in advance.
If you want to find out more about this Cookie Policy and how Spotify uses your personal data, please visit the Privacy Center to find out more.
5. How to contact us
Thank you for reading our Cookie Policy. If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by using the ‘Contact Us’ form on the Privacy Center or by writing to us at the following address:
Spotify USA Inc.
4 World Trade Center, 150 Greenwich Street, 62nd Floor, New York, NY 10007
USA
We hope you enjoy Spotify!
© Spotify USA Inc.