https://www.aristocrat.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Home » Terms of Use
ARISTOCRAT WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Use of this website is subject to these terms of use which constitute a legal agreement between you and Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 001 660 715) and its related bodies corporate (as defined in the Corporations Law of Australia) (“Aristocrat”). This Agreement governs your use of any website or web page operated by Aristocrat. Please note that this website is intended for adult use only. Please do not use this site if you are under the age of 18 or the legal age in your country of residence.
YOUR ACCESS TO THE ARISTOCRAT SITE
By using this site you agree that you have read and understood and agree to be bound by these terms of use and all applicable laws and regulations. These terms of use may be varied or updated by Aristocrat at any time and you will be deemed to accept any such changes by continuing to access the site after the changes have been made. Accordingly, you are required to review these terms of use regularly.
Aristocrat reserves the right to refuse you access to this site or to limit or customise, in any way, the parts of this site to which you are given access.
Aristocrat has the right to change, add to or remove any information or any product or service from this site at any time, without notice to you.
Note that not all the products shown on this site are available in all jurisdictions.
Unless specifically identified as offers, no offers of any kind are made on the site. Any offers made on the site are made strictly on their applicable terms and no other terms (subject to applicable laws).
Offers may only be accepted by you complying strictly with the stated acceptance provisions.
Your access to this site, or any aspect of it including these conditions, is governed by the laws of News South Wales, Australia. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales and waive any right to object to that jurisdiction.
INFORMATION ON SITE AND LINKED SITES
This site is intended to be used for informational purposes only. The information contained on it is provided on an “as is” basis only. Whilst Aristocrat has taken reasonable care in presenting the material on this site, you access the site and any material on it at your own risk. Aristocrat does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of:
any of the information on this site. You must use your own enquires to verify the accuracy of that information.
any of the information on any site which is referred to or linked to or with this site (a “Linked Site”). Linked Sites are referred to on this site for convenience only. Aristocrat does not in any way endorse the information on any Linked Site, or any products or services referred to on any Linked Site and Aristocrat is not responsible for any information or material appearing on any Linked Site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws:
Aristocrat excludes any and all liability to you, whether caused by the negligence of Aristocrat, its servants or agents or otherwise for any loss or damage, direct, indirect, known to Aristocrat or not, special or consequential for any use of this site or any Linked Site, including without limitation any loss of profits, business interruption or damage to any computer systems or software or any loss of data resulting from your access to this site or the use of any information, products or services referred to or offered for sale or supplied on this site or any Linked Site regardless of whether the damage or loss results from breach of contract, breach of warranty, negligence or any other cause of action.
Aristocrat provides the website ‘as is’ and all information on this site is provided without any warranty, express or implied (including without limitation implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for purpose or non-infringement) in relation to any products or services referred to or offered on this site.
YOUR USE OF INFORMATION
You must not use information from this site or post information onto this site which would infringe any intellectual property rights including but not limited to any copyright or trade marks of any third party, or which is unlawful, defamatory or obscene or which would involve illegal acts or breach the laws of any country.
Aristocrat reserves the right to take any steps necessary to limit or prevent your access to this site or to remove any illegal material which is posted to this site or information on this site which is used illegally.
YOUR LICENCE TO ARISTOCRAT
You grant Aristocrat an irrevocable licence to use, reproduce, modify and sublicense, for any purpose and in any way without any restriction, any material you post onto or otherwise transmit to this site. You acknowledge and warrant to Aristocrat that any information you post on or transmit to this site:
Is not confidential and does not breach any confidentiality rights or the intellectual property rights of any other person;
Does not expose Aristocrat to any civil, criminal or quasi criminal liability under any applicable laws.
You must promptly notify Aristocrat of any information which might limit Aristocrat’s right to use information posted to or transmitted to this site by you as soon as you become aware of that information. You indemnify Aristocrat for any loss or damage (including any costs, expenses or fines arising from any civil or criminal proceedings) it suffers as a result of any use you make of the information on this site or any site referred to or linked to this site.
REGISTERED USE OF SITE
Certain parts of this site may require you to register information with Aristocrat as a condition of access to them. You must supply accurate and truthful information when requested by Aristocrat. You indemnify Aristocrat for any liability, loss or damage or any kind, including costs and expenses, resulting from your failure to properly provide accurate and truthful information for the purpose of registration with Aristocrat or this site. Rest assured that Aristocrat abides by Australian privacy laws. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.
Access to and use of password protected areas on our website are also strictly restricted to authorised users over the age of 18 years old (or the legal age in your country of residence). Please do not share your password with any third party as you will be solely responsible and liable for all activities conducted under your password.
GENERAL
If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such part(s) will be read down and will not affect the validity of the remaining parts of the Agreement.
Aristocrat may assign this Agreement in whole or in part to a third party at any time with or without notice.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Aristocrat with respect to your use of the Aristocrat website(s) and it supersedes any other communications or proposals whether written, oral or electronic with respect to your use of any Aristocrat website(s).
IP NOTICES
Please click on the following link to view our copyright, trade mark and patent notices: Aristocrat IP Notice. If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact our administrator.
"Bringing joy to life through the power of play."
© Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd.
With your consent, we use cookies to improve your experience of using this website and to customise advertising. To find out more (including to learn how to control cookies and for a list of the cookies used), please see our Privacy Policy.
I consent
I don’t consent
Change cookie settings
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytical/Marketing Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. To learn more please review our privacy policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytical/Marketing Cookies
These cookies collect and report information on how visitors use this site and about their browsing habits. Keeping these cookies enables us to make the site better and to display advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes