http://www.jackpotpalace.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Bingo Reviews
Slot Reviews
Articles
Terms and Conditions
JackpotPalace.com is a site operated by Silverspin Media Limited. A company registered in England and Wales under the company number 09932230 and has registered office at 320 Garratt Lane, London, SW18 4EJ.
By visiting and utilising JackpotPalace.com you adhere and agree with the terms and conditions listed below. Therefore, we kindly advise you to carefully read the bellow listed terms and conditions and our privacy policy prior to using the website.
The terms and condition as the privacy policies related to this site can be amended at any given moment. Users will be informed through a message on the website about the changes in the policy as well as terms and conisations.
Our Terms
Please recall the fact that the terms “us” and “we” used in the terms section refers strictly to jackpotpalace.com, while the term “you” refers strictly to the user.
Content
All the content used on this website is owned by us. Copying and using the materials present on the site is not acceptable and a copyright infringement is punishable by English law, it being camouflaging it as your own, posting it on a blog or site, use it for information or updates to use on your portal and forum.
Complaints
JackpotPalace.com functions as an aggregator and does not handle or is liable in any given form for any sort of complaints that you might have with any of the listed operators or casinos. To solve any sort of disputes that are related to your experience with any casinos please contact the casino’s support team. We also remove liability from any previous versions of ‘Jackpot Palace’ weather it is as a casino operator or aggregator. Any liability arising from previous operations should be taken up with the licensed operator – further information can be found by emailing support@jackpotpalace.com
Information and accuracy of bonuses listed
Neither JackpotPalace.com or any third party that might be implicated take any responsibility for the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness and suitability of the information and materials found on this site. The presented information on the site are the result of subjective reviews and performance as well as any potential human error. It is the responsibility of the end user to confirm any and all offers prior to claiming. Any questions about any welcome or ongoing offers should be directed to the operator website in question.
Viruses
We cannot guarantee that the site will be free of bugs and viruses. Thus, we recommend that you use a virus protection software when surfing the internet in general in order to protect your devices. You must not misuse the site to intentionally plant viruses, Trojans, worms, logic bombs or other materials that might be harmful. If you attempt such activities we reserve the right to report any attack to the necessary law enforcement according to Computer Misuse Act 1990.
Linking to JackpotPalace.com
We do allow webmasters to link directly to JackpotPalace.com under a fair and just manner. We reserve the right to withdraw the linking permission at any time without cause.
External links
Due to the nature of the website, JackpotPalace.com contains a large number of links to external websites. We take no responsibility for the content of the external websites. We use our best judgement to confirm all links but cannot be held responsible for these should an error be made or the webmaster of the external site change the content at a later date.
Applicable law in case of legal disputes
In case of any legal dispute between Jackpot Palace and any third party, we are governed by the law of England and Wales. Thus, both parties agree to England and Wales as the exclusive jurisdiction.