http://www.omgn.com/blog/cjrector/2016/02/04/ubisoft-has-updated-its-terms
Home  News  Reviews  Features  Games  Movies  Resources  Blogs  Forum
Login  Register
Incl. Forum
Online Movies & Games Network
http://www.omgn.com/blog/cjrector/2016/02/04/ubisoft-has-updated-its-terms
Ubisoft Has Updated its Terms
Charles Rector's Weblog; Feb.
4, 2016; By Charles Rector
Type: News
Ubisoft has updated its TermsView in BrowserHi,
Over the past year, we have introduced new features and controls to help you get more out of our Services and your Uplay account.
Today, we're updating our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy to ensure these documents address both our exciting new elements, and recent updates to laws and regulations.
We have included Information to explain these changes in more detail. You should review the information and the new documents in full. Please also feel free to review the current versions of both documents here: Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
The changes will become effective on April 12th, 2016.
Of course, if you have thoughts you would like to share with us, please contact us at support.ubi.com.
Thank you for reading,
© 2015 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Uplay, the Uplay logo, Ubisoft, and the Ubisoft logo are trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the US and/or other countries. Ubisoft, Inc. c/o Media & Promotions, 625 Third Street, San Francisco, CA 94107
OMGN is not responsible for any blog post content on this site. The blog post author is responsible for all blog post content.
Comments
You can only comment if you are a logged in user. If you don't have an account, why don't you consider registering for one?
There are currently no comments for this blog post. Be the first one to comment!
Jump to Comments
Charles Rector's Weblog
RSS Feed
cjrector
Recently Commented Blog Posts
None! Go comment today and be seen.
Highly Commented Blog Posts
None! Go comment today and be seen.
Interact
Join Us!
Advertise on OMGN
Staff
Contact Us
Switch to Mobile Site
OMGN Archive
© DarqFlare Enterprises, 2002-2020
More
Announcements
Links
Privacy Policy
Site Map