http://www.tucows.com/about-downloads/terms.html
Windows
All
Windows
Mac
Linux
Terms & Conditions
Tucows.com Inc ("Tucows") provides the Tucows Downloads Web site including the
Tucows Downloads Home Page and other Tucows Downloads content (collectively, the "Tucows
Downloads Site") subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions below.
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE ACCESSING THE TUCOWS SITE. BY ACCESSING THE
TUCOWS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF
YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT
ACCESS OR USE THE TUCOWS SITE.
Rules
While visiting the Tucows Downloads Site, you may also
not: post, transmit or
otherwise distribute information constituting or encouraging conduct
that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil
liability, or otherwise use the Tucows Downloads Site in a manner which is
contrary to law or would serve to restrict or inhibit any other user
from using or enjoying the Tucows Downloads Site or the Internet; post or transmit
any information or software which contains a virus, cancelbot, trojan
horse, worm or other harmful or disruptive
component; upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, or distribute in
any way, information, software or other material obtained
through the Tucows Downloads Site which is protected by copyright, or other
intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect hereto,
without obtaining permission of the copyright owner or rightholder.
Monitoring
Tucows Downloads has no obligation to monitor the Tucows Downloads
Site. However, you agree that Tucows Downloads has the right to monitor
the Tucows Downloads Site electronically from time to time and to disclose any
information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other
governmental request, to operate the Tucows Downloads Site properly, or to protect
itself or its subscribers. Tucows Download will not intentionally monitor
or disclose any private electronic-mail message unless required by law.
Tucows Downloads reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any
information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole
discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, or in violation of this
Agreement.
Privacy
Tucows Downloads cannot ensure or guarantee privacy for Tucows Downloads
users. It is therefore recommended that this service not be used for the
transmission of confidential information. Any such use shall be at the
sole risk of the user, and Tucows Downloads and its affiliate
and related companies shall be relieved of all liability in connection
therewith.
Buying over the Internet
When making purchases or other transactions
through the Tucows Downloads Site or the Internet, but you may also
be asked by the
Merchant or information or service provider to supply certain
information, Including credit card or other paymen t mechanisms. You
agree that all information you provide any merchant or information or
service provider through the Tucows Downloads Site will be accurate and complete.
You agree to pay all charges incurred by you Or other users of your
account and credit card or other payment mechanisms at the prices in
effect when such charges are incurred. You also will be
responsible for paying all applicable taxes, if any, relating to
purchases on the
Tucows Downloads Site. Tucows Downloads is in no way responsible for any charges
you or any user
of your account incurs when making purchases or other transactions in
this manner.
Limitation of Liability
Tucows Downloads takes no responsibility for
the accuracy or validity of any claims or statements contained in the
documents and related graphics on the Tucows Downloads Site. Further, Tucows Downloads
makes no representations
about the suitability of any of the
information contained in software programs, documents and related
graphics on the Tucows Downloads Site for any purpose. All such software programs,
documents and related graphics are provided without warranty of any
kind. In no event shall Tucows Downloads be liable for any damages
whatsoever, including special, indirect or consequential damages,
arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of
information available from the service.
Recourse
If you are dissatisfied with the Tucows Downloads Site or with any
terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices of Tucows Downloads
in operating the Tucows Downloads Site, your sole and exclusive remedy is
to discontinue using the Tucows Downloads Site.
Confidential Information
You authorize Tucows Downloads to collect
from any party and to retain all relevant information relating to your
use of the Tucows Downloads Site, and you hereby authorize any party to provide us
with such information. You understand and agree that unless you notify
Tucows Downloads to the contrary by e-mailing us, you further authorize
Tucows Downloads to disclose, on a confidential basis, to any party with
whom Tucows Downloads has business relations all relevant information
relating to your dealings with us and the Tucows Downloads Site.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Tucows Downloads and
its affiliate and related companies harmless from any and all
liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
related to any Violation of this Agreement by you or users of your
account, or in connection with the use of the Tucows Downloads Site or the
Internet or the placement or transmission of any message, information,
software or other materials on the Tucows Downloads Site or on the Internet by you
or users of your account.
Trademarks
Tucows™ and other names, logos and icons identifying
Tucows and Tucows' products and services referenced herein are
trademarks or registered trademarks of Tucows. All other product
and/or brand or company names mentioned herein are the trademarks of
their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER
THE SOFTWARE CONTAINED IN THIS ARCHIVE IS PROVIDED "AS IS"
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND THE
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY THE USER, AND IN NO EVENT WILL
TUCOWS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR DIRECT
DAMAGES SUFFERED IN THE COURSE OF USING THE SOFTWARE IN THIS ARCHIVE.
USE OF THE FREEWARE AND SHAREWARE PROGRAMS CONTAINED IN THIS ARCHIVE ARE
GOVERNED BY THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSE AGREEMENTS AND MAY CONTAIN
RESTRICTIONS ON USE INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE REQUIREMENT(S)
TO PAY THE AUTHOR(S) A SPECIFIED AMOUNT AFTER A TRIAL PERIOD HAS
ELAPSED.
Miscellaneous
This Agreement, including any and all documents referenced
herein, constitute the entire agreement between Tucows Downloads and you
pertaining to the subject matter hereof. Tucows Downloads's failure to
insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of
this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any
provisions or right. If any of the provisions contained in this
Agreement be determined to be void, invalid or otherwise
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
determination shall not affect the remaining provisions
contained herein. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario
and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.
About Us
|
Contact Us |
Submit Software |
Ratings Guide
Privacy |
Terms & Conditions |
Uninstall Toolbar |
DMCA Notice |
Site Map
© 2006-2020 Tucows. All Rights Reserved