https://www.bjstats.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Blackjack Stats Privacy
Our website address is: https://www.bjstats.com.
Personal data we collect
BJstats.com Comments
For visitors leaving comments on the Blackjack Data Repository, the site collects the data shown in the comments form, the visitor’s IP address and the visitor’s web browser user agent string (or mobile browser user agent) to help spam detection and prevention.
A hashed string created from your email address may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. If a comment that you made on bjstats.com is approved, your profile picture is visible to the public.
BJstats Media
When uploading images to the website, you should not upload images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included or embded in the image. Visitors to the BJstats website can download and extract any location data from images on bjstats.com.
BJ Stats Contact forms
Blackjack Stats Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and URL address in website cookies. These types of site cookies are used for your convenience. Its much easier to return and leave a new comment without having to login again. The duration of these cookies is one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content
Web pages and instructional blackjack articles on this site at times may include embedded content (e.g. Youtube videos, Pinterest images, online casino news articles, etc.). Embedded content from other blackjack/gaming websites functions as if the visitor went to website providing the embedded content.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Google Analytics
Who we share your data with
BJstats.com does not share your data with third parties. Google Analytics collects data that we use to make a better web site.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Rights you have of your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service called Akismet from WordPress.
Blackjack Data Repository – 2019
Resources
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Blackjack Stats
Skip to toolbar
About WordPressWordPress.orgDocumentationSupportFeedbackLog InRegisterSearch