http://www.thirdhosting.com/third_generation/legal/privacy_policy/
•Home
•Client Area
•Support
•Contact Us
•Sitemap
Domain Availability:
.com
.net
.org
.info
.us
.biz
Virtual Servers
Virtual Private Servers (VPS)
Compare Virtual Private Servers
Web Hosting and Services
Shared cPanel Web Hosting
Compare Web Hosting Packages
Game Hosting and Services
MUD & MU Game Hosting Services
Compare MUD & MU Game Packages
Domain Registration Services
Control Panel Technologies
cPanel and WebHost Manager (WHM)
Softaculous Installer
Client Support Information
Visit the Client Support Area
Submit a New Support Ticket
Check a Support Ticket's Status
Network Maintenance Schedule
View our Client Knowledgebase
New Customers Information
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Pre-Sales Questions - Contact Us
Third Generation Internet Services
About Us
Contact Us
Recent Announcements
Legal
Terms of Service Agreement
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Guarantee Policy
Privacy Policy
Third Generation Internet Services
Performance, Reliability and Security. We're Serious About Your Support.
Home
Legal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Third Generation Internet Services (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “Third Generation”) respects the privacy and security of its users and customers of its website. Third Generation strives to provide a personalized internet experience that delivers to you the information, products and services that you require. In order to achieve this goal, Third Generation may collect information during your visits to our website to improve your experience or understand your use of our website. We will not disclose this information to any person or organization outside Third Generation, except as described herein in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to enable you to understand which personal identifying information of yours is collected, how and when we might use your information, how we protect your information, who has access to your information, and how you may access and correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information We Collect
Third Generation collects information from its users three ways: (i) from our web server logs, (ii) with cookies and (iii) directly from the user.
Web Server Logs
When visiting our website, Third Generation may collect “non-personally identifiable” information to administratively support our website and analyze its usage, such as but not limited to:
Your Internet Protocol address (as explained below);
The type of browser or computer being used;
The number of links visited within our website;
The state, country and region from which our website was accessed;
The time and date of your visit;
The name of your Internet Service Provider;
The referring web page from which you linked to our website;
The search keywords used on search engines to locate our website; and
The pages, content and files you have viewed on our website
Internet Protocol (“IP”) Address
Your IP address is a unique number assigned to your computer network while using the Internet from which Internet-based web servers can automatically identify and communicate with your computer.
Your IP address may allow for the identification of your country, state or region from which your computer network resides and the Internet Service Provider being used.
Third Generation uses the IP information gathered from its website analytics and web server logs to optimize the website by analyzing website usage and diagnosing problems with the site.
Third Generation uses software-based security detection systems to monitor network traffic to ensure our website and computer network remain available to all visitors and customers.
These software programs may identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information that would otherwise cause damage.
These software programs may also collect information regarding your use of our website and computer network as well as the IP address associated with the activity.
Cookies
Cookies are an electronic collection of information stored on your local computer that are used by websites to track visitors and registered users of a site.
The use of cookies allows for the relation of multiple computer transactions and provides a means of uniquely identifying visitors for different purposes. Cookies do not enable third parties to access your personal information.
However, advertising affiliates and partners may use their own cookies in which Third Generation does not control the use of these cookies and is not responsible for the information being collected through them.
Third Generation’s website supports the use of browser cookies.
We use cookies to store website preferences and login information as well as provide a personalized site experience.
You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or change the settings on your web browser to clear or disable cookies. Users have the option to opt-out of the acceptance and storage of cookies, however by rejecting the storage of cookies you may disable some of the functionality of our website. As the functionality of our support area is dependent upon the acceptance of a browser cookie, customers opting to sign-in to our support area with their customer account or order new products and services from Third Generation consent to the storage of a browser cookie.
Personal Information
Some pages of Third Generation’s website allow users to register for products and services, receive personalized content and participate in surveys or forums.
When registering, Third Generation will ask for “Personal Information” which may include, but not limited to, your full name, postal address, phone number and email address.
This information may be used to contact you about Third Generation products, services or their related support.
By purchasing our products or services, we may also request financial information such as credit card or payment account information. Any financial information collected is used only to bill you for the products and services you have purchased. If you choose to purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider and our merchant processor affiliate for processing.
You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide technical support assistance and information to you. For example, we may collect personal information from you (such as an e-mail address, system information and problem descriptions) in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting. If you choose to correspond with us through electronic communication (e.g. email, online chat or instant messaging), we may retain a copy of the electronic communication together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Domain Registration
In certain jurisdictions or pursuant to the rules of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN") or certain registries, the contact information you provide to register a domain name ("Domain Name Registration Information") has to be made available and accessible through a "WHOIS" search. The WHOIS database is a publicly accessible database that lists the Domain Name Registration Information for a particular domain name, the name server(s) to which the domain name points, and the domain name's creation, expiration date and registration status. The Domain Name Registration Information you provide is hosted by a third-party service provider and will be made available to the public through WHOIS searches.
Pursuant to changes as directed by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), personally identifiable information such as, but not limited to, your name, organization, postal address, phone number and email address will still be collected for domain name registration, however the information will be restricted from public accessibility.
To comply with ICANN rules and requirements, registrant information will be restricted in WHOIS searches to a limited authenticated access only service such as in the case, but not limited to, law enforcement, intellectual property management and trademark disputes.
At times, customers may receive solicitations that result from search of the WHOIS database.
Any such solicitations do not come from us and we do not control the use of WHOIS information by the third-party. We may also deposit your Domain Name Registration Information with a third-party escrow provider to comply with ICANN requirements.
How We Use Your Information
Personal Information
The information we collect may be used to notify you about your account and changes to service or terms and conditions governing the use of our website, products or services.
We use the information collected for purposes of processing payment and billing information to provide service and support related to our products. We may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details. Third Generation may also use the information you provide in email inquires to answer the email inquiry received.
Analytics and Statistics
We may analyze the information collected to determine our customer’s needs and promote new products and services. We may also generate non-identifying and aggregate profiles from information that our customers provide during registration. This aggregated and non-identifying information may be used to promote advertisements that appear on our website and in connection with our services.
Third Generation uses information gathered from its website analytics to diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer and optimize our websites. Third Generation also gathers broad demographic information from this data to help improve its website and your browsing experience. Any statistics gathered by Third Generation are proprietary property of Third Generation.
Web Server Logs
We may use IP addresses information to analyze trends, administer our site and servers, track access, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. However, it is possible that personal information about a customer may be included in the log files due to the normal functions of IP addresses and web browsing.
How We Protect Your Information
Third Generation uses physical, technical and managerial security measures to prevent the loss and safeguard against the misuse, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of information under our control. When asking customers to provide financial information such as credit card information, that data is protected using various levels of file encryption and communicated via Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) encryption technologies.
Electronic communications (e.g. email, online chat or instant messaging) that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you in advance that additional security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting of information.
For those reasons we ask that you do not transmit sensitive or confidential information such as financial information or passwords to us using unsecured electronic communication methods.
Access to Your Information
Third Generation does not sell or provide user or customer information to any third party with the exception of the following:
We may transfer your personal information to third parties that help us provide our services or provide services on our behalf. For example, we may use service providers to authorize and process payments, verify IP and billing information and provide domain registration services. Your personal information may be maintained and processed by our third-party service providers in the United States or in other jurisdictions. Our service providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions only, and we do not authorize them to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or other purposes.
We may access, preserve and share information about customers with organizations, governmental entities or individuals outside of Third Generation if we believe, in good faith, that the law requires us to do so. This may include, but is not limited to, responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes (such as law enforcement requests). We may also access, preserve and share information about customers as necessary to: (i) establish or exercise Third Generation’s legal rights or defend against any legal claim including threatened claims involving Third Generation based on the anonymity of a domain name; (ii) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected fraud or other illegal activities; (iii) prevent death or serious physical harm to any person; or (iv) investigate violations of Third Generation’s Terms of Service.
We may transfer personal information to a new entity in the event of a change of ownership or transfer of assets.
In the event of a change of ownership or sale of business assets, customers will be notified prior to the transfer of personally identifying or non-personally identifying information.
Your Options
Third Generation provides options and rights over how your personal data is managed and processed.
Public Forums
Any information disclosed or posted on public areas of our websites or the Internet become public information.
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public forum areas.
To request removal of your personal information from our community forums, testimonials or comment sections, please contact our support department through an email or a support ticket.
In some cases, we may be unable to remove your information, in which case you will be notified if we are unable to do so.
Unsubscribe / Opt-Out / Opt-In
When registering as a customer of Third Generation, you are automatically subscribed to receive transactional notices regarding your account and its related services (e.g. system notifications, password resets, disk quotas, certificate registrations, etc.).
These transactional notices are directly related to your services and support of your services to ensure the integrity of your account. These notifications can be customized through our client support area and your service’s related control panel.
Not all communications related to account integrity are eligible for opt out.
Third Generation requires the explicit consent of the customer during registration for opt-in communications of promotional materials such as newsletters, offers and surveys. Upon opt in, customers are able to opt out of newsletters and mailings by using the unsubscribe link in any promotional email or as otherwise provided in the communication. Customers may configure opt out or opt in communications settings through our client support area under the Account Details section at any time.
Access, Update and Correct Your Personal Information
Third Generation allows you to access, update, remove and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in Third Generation's custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may request access for the updating, removal or corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information Third Generation has in its custody or control by accessing the control panel or by contacting our support department via email or support ticket. Third Generation may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the individual seeking access or a copy of their account records.
To ensure you receive the information you need to manage your account and protect your privacy, please be sure to keep your contact and billing information up to date. You can update all account-related information directly through your control panel.
Third Party Sites
Third Generation’s website includes links, ad banners, etc. to other websites which may or may not be affiliated with Third Generation. Notwithstanding any affiliation, Third Generation does NOT control and is NOT responsible for the information and/or content you provide to and transactions you engage in with such third party sites. Please be aware that the operators of these other websites may collect and use different information about you that is not consistent with Third Generation’s Privacy Policy. For any concerns as to the privacy of your information on these websites, please refer to their respective privacy policies.
Children
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Third Generation does not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13).
This website is not directed towards children and Third Generation does not seek to collect any personal information from children.
If Third Generation becomes aware that personal information from a minor under the age of 13 has been collected, Third Generation will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information.
Content Placed in Public
Some pages of Third Generation’s website may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, news groups or instant messaging available to you. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas is public. You should exercise caution when disclosing Personal Information in these areas. Don’t disclose information in these public forums that might be considered confidential – such as financial information, social security numbers, passwords or email addresses. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose Personal Information on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas, that information and any substantive information disclosed in the communication can be collected and used by third parties. This could result in unsolicited messages from others who post on such sites and are beyond the control of Third Generation.
You represent and warrant that posting content to any public area of Third Generation's website will not infringe or violate the rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, such as copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets and rights of privacy and publicity of any third party.
Access to Your Personal Information and Correction of Inaccuracies
If you wish to access and/or update the Personal Information we have collected from you, you may either a) as a registered user, log onto our website and view and change your information online; or b) contact us.
Modifications to the Privacy Policy
Third Generation hereby reserves the right to amend, alter, modify, replace or suspend this Privacy Policy, from time to time, in its sole discretion. All such changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective when posted on Third Generation's website.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any comments, questions or disputes regarding this Privacy Policy or the use and disclosure of Personal Information, please contact us and we will investigate and attempt to resolve your concerns.
Copyright © 2007 -
Third Generation Internet Services. All Rights Reserved
Terms of Service Agreement · Acceptable Use Policy · Service Level Agreement · Privacy Policy · Guarantee Policy · Contact Us