https://www.achaea.com/game-help/
Skip to content
Play more great MUDs from Iron Realms Entertainment!
Aetolia
Imperian
Lusternia
Starmourn
Achaea Help Files
Achaea has hundreds of help files to you learn about Achaea. This is a copy of the in-game help file structure. HELP in-game will show you this same menu.
Help: [Return to Help Index]0.0 Achaea's Help Scroll IndexIn order to list the contents of a section, type HELP <section number>. When
you wish to read a scroll listed within a section, type HELP <scroll name> or
HELP <scroll number>. For example, "HELP 1", or "HELP 15.1" (without
quotes).
1) Introduction
13) The Principles of Battle
2) Basic Commands
14) Quests
3) Communication
15) Policies
4) Your Character
16) Achaean History
5) The State of your Character
17) Events and Special Activities
6) Specifics of Achaea
18) Miscellaneous
7) Items & Denizens/NPCs
19) Out-Of-Character Miscellaneous
8) Classes and Houses
20) Housing
9) The Skills of Achaea
21) Clans
10) City-States
22) Building and Writing
11) The Deities of Achaea
23) Ships
12) Geography
24) Mines and Legions
If you haven't already done so, please read HELP NEW ADVENTURERS.
Achaea is copyright 1997-2020, Iron Realms Entertainment, All Rights Reserved.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Scroll To Top
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes