http://www.worldseriesofpoker.com/legal/terms-conditions-nv/
WSOP2020 MAIN EVENT
PLAYER GUIDE
WSOP 2020 MAIN EVENT
WSOP 2020 MAIN EVENT FAQ
SCHEDULE
UPDATES
ACCOMMODATIONS
DEPOSIT
DOWNLOAD WSOP.COM
GG POKER
SUPPORT
WSOPONLINE POKER
PLAY REAL MONEY POKER
PROMOTIONS
GET STARTED
BANKING OPTIONS
LIMITS & RAKE
BLAST POKER RULES
ALL-IN SATELLITES RULES
POKER REWARDS
MOBILE POKER
HOW TO PLAY POKER
WSOPU.S. CIRCUIT
WSOP US CIRCUIT
SCHEDULE
NEWS
WSOPPLAYERS
PLAYER RANKINGS
PLAYER OF THE YEAR
ALL-TIME STATS
POKER HALL OF FAME
WORLD RANKINGS
WSOPHALL OF FAME
NOMINATE
POKER HALL OF FAME
WSOPPLAY FOR FUN
PLAY FOR FUN
WSOP2020 MAIN EVENT
PLAYER GUIDE
WSOP 2020 MAIN EVENT
WSOP 2020 MAIN EVENT FAQ
SCHEDULE
UPDATES
ACCOMMODATIONS
DEPOSIT
DOWNLOAD WSOP.COM
GG POKER
SUPPORT
WSOPONLINE POKER
PLAY REAL MONEY POKER
PROMOTIONS
GET STARTED
BANKING OPTIONS
LIMITS & RAKE
BLAST POKER RULES
ALL-IN SATELLITES RULES
POKER REWARDS
MOBILE POKER
HOW TO PLAY POKER
WSOPU.S. CIRCUIT
WSOP US CIRCUIT
SCHEDULE
NEWS
WSOPPLAYERS
PLAYER RANKINGS
PLAYER OF THE YEAR
ALL-TIME STATS
POKER HALL OF FAME
WORLD RANKINGS
WSOPHALL OF FAME
NOMINATE
POKER HALL OF FAME
WSOPPLAY FOR FUN
PLAY FOR FUN
WSOPLAS VEGAS
PROMOTIONS+
PLAYER APPRECIATION TOURNAMENT
WSOP 2020 MAIN EVENT
WSOP.COM ONLINE SUPER CIRCUIT
DECEMBER RELOAD
HAPPY HOURS
WSOP.COM WELCOME OFFER
$100K SUNDAYS
2020 PLAYER OF THE YEAR
HERO FREEROLL
SUNDAY TOURNAMENTS
LEGAL+
BONUS POLICY
GENERAL RULES
HOUSE RULES
LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
MOBILE TERMS
PRIVACY
RESPONSIBLE GAMING
SECURITY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
VERIFY IDENTIY & LOCATION
WITHDRAWAL POLICY
CONTACT
SUPPORT
HELP
Legal | License Agreement
WSOP.COM TERMS OF SERVICE
WSOP.COM
TERMS OF SERVICE
These Terms of Service were last updated on April 30,2018.
You may always view the most recent version of these Terms of Service here:
YOUR USE OF THIS GAMBLING SERVICE MEANS THAT YOU ACCEPT THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF SERVICE WHICH ARE LEGALLY BINDING. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THEM, YOU SHOULD EXIT THE SERVICE IMMEDIATELY.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE (the "Terms of Service") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SERVICE.
Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at One Caesars Palace Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, 89109 (the "
Company" or "We") is the operator of the website domain www.wsop.com (the "Website"). The Company is
licensed and regulated by the Nevada Gaming Control Board of the State of Nevada for the purposes of operating and offering real-money Internet-based
interactive poker services (hereinafter referred to as the "Gambling Services" or "Services").When You (hereinafter
referred to as the "End User" or "User" or "You") use the Website, or Services, these Terms of Service
(hereinafter referred to as the "Terms of Service" or "Agreement") shall apply to such use.
In addition to this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, which can be found at http://www.wsop.com/legal/privacy-policy/ (the "Privacy Policy
") applies to Your use of the Website and the Services, and You should review it prior to any use of the Website or the Services.
Your use of the Gambling Services is subject to all additional rules applicable to the Gambling Services, including, but not limited to, the "Bonus Policy", the "Withdrawal Policy", the "Responsible Gaming Policy", the "Location Verification Terms & Conditions" and the "House Rules" (together the "Additional Rules") in each case as We may
update from time to time. The Privacy Policy and Additional Rules are incorporated by reference into this Agreement and shall constitute an integral part
thereof.
1.
Introduction
1.1 By registering with the Company via the Website and/or by using the Gambling Services and/or by marking the "I have read and agree to the terms
of the Terms of Service" box below (or any other similar wording), You agree to be bound by this Agreement, the Privacy Policy and the Additional Rules in
their entirety and without reservation. As such, this Agreement constitutes a binding legal agreement between You and the Company and, this Agreement shall
govern Your use of the Website and the Gambling Services.
1.2 The Company operates the Website and offers the Services under an Interactive Gaming License issued by the Nevada Gaming Commission. All
Gambling Services transactions between You and the Company must take place in Nevada.
1.3 The software offered by the Company, which may be made available in downloadable form (the "Software"), allows You to use the
Gambling Services currently available via the Website. The Company reserves the right to suspend, modify, remove or add to the Services in its sole
discretion with immediate effect and without notice, subject to any statute, regulations or direction from the Nevada Gaming Control Board. To the greatest
extent permitted by applicable law, Your use of the Gaming Service constitutes the waiver of any loss or claim against the Company resulting from any
changes made to the Software or Services.
1.4 You may only have one account with each specific brand operated by the Company for which You will register using Your own legal name. You shall
access the Software and use the Services only via Your account, and You may never access the Software or use the Services by means of another person's
account. Should You attempt to open more than one account, under Your own name or under any other name, or should You attempt to use the Services by means
of any other person's account, We may suspend use of Your account pending investigation, and/or notify the Nevada Gaming Control Board of the suspected
activity, which may result in the closure of Your account, any other accounts opened in connection with other specific brands of the Company, and the
preclusion from Your future use of the Services.
2.
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
2.1 IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY STOP USING THE SOFTWARE AND REMOVE THE SOFTWARE FROM YOUR
COMPUTER. BY REGISTERING WITH US, USING THE SERVICES, USING THE SOFTWARE OR LOGGING ONTO THE WEBSITE, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
2.2 We reserve the right to amend, modify, update and change any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including any of the Additional
Rules) from time to time and We will notify You of any such amendment, modification or change by publishing the new version of this Agreement (including
any of the Additional Rules) on the relevant page of the Website. Unless otherwise stated, any modified version of this Agreement will take effect upon its
publication on the Website and Your continued use of the Services or the Software after any modification will be deemed to constitute Your acceptance of
the changes to this Agreement. It remains Your responsibility to ensure that You are aware of the correct, current terms and conditions of this Agreement
and We advise You to check for updates on a regular basis.
2.3 We take our responsibilities in relation to Your privacy very seriously and therefore changes to the Privacy Policy are strictly subject to the
modification provisions found therein.
2.4 Other than in relation to the Privacy Policy, please note that this Agreement shall prevail in the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any
of the Additional Rules or other documents referred to in this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Privacy Policy shall prevail in the event of any
conflict with this Agreement.
2.5 Your attention is drawn to our Privacy Policy at http://www.wsop.com/legal/privacy-policy/ which describes how We deal with and protect Your
personal information. By accepting these Terms of Service, You are also acknowledging and accepting the Privacy Policy and the Additional Rules.
3.
Compliance with Laws and Location Verification
3.1 Use of the Services is restricted to users who are playing from within the State of Nevada. You represent, warrant and agree to ensure that your use of the Software and the Services will comply at all times with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations.
3.2    You acknowledge that You will be physically within the State of Nevada during any time of play and You will comply with our requirements in connection with verifying your physical location at time of play.
3.3    We may verify the location of the device on which You are accessing the Services (the “Device Location Service”). The Device Location Service relies on WiFi or GPS signals to determine the geographic location of the device on which You are accessing the Gambling Services. Your device must have WiFi or GPS capability. You will not be able to play for real money on the Gambling Services from a device that does not have WiFi or GPS capability, or on which the WiFi or GPS (as applicable) has been disabled.
3.4   Additional terms associated with mobile location verification can be found here.
3.5    The Company shall not be responsible for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Software and/or the Services by You. Please consult an attorney if You have any doubts about the legality of your use of the Software and the Services under the laws of any jurisdiction that applies to You. By accepting these terms, You agree to assist the Company, to the extent You are able, with its compliance with applicable laws and regulations
3.6    Persons located outside of the State of Nevada, at the time of their activity, may not use the Services for real money play.
3.7    UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE IN ANY RESPECT FOR ANY LOSSES YOU MAY INCUR AS A RESULT OF YOUR LOCATION NOT BEING ABLE TO BE PROPERLY VERIFIED FOR ANY REASON. BY USING THE GAMBLING SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SUCH RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY IS BORNE EXCLUSIVELY BY YOU.
4.
Permitted Participation
4.1 No one under the age of 21 (individuals 21 or older referred to herein as "Legally of Age") may download the Software or use
the Services under any circumstances and any person not Legally of Age who downloads the Software or uses the Services will be in breach of the terms of
this Agreement and the laws of the State of Nevada. Use of the Services by someone not Legally of Age, and anyone who facilitates use of the Services by
someone not Legally of Age has committed a criminal offense and shall be prohibited from using the Services. The Company reserves the right to request
proof of age at any stage, to verify that persons not Legally of Age are not using the Services. The Company may terminate a person's account and exclude a
person from using the Software or the Services if proof of age is not provided or if the Company suspects that a person using the Software or the Services
is not Legally of Age. Any initial deposits made by a user in such account shall be returned within 60 business days of cancellation. Company reserves its
discretion with respect to refund of any Bonuses or winning funds provided to or gained by the user.
4.2 You hereby explicitly consent that We may verify Your registration details, such as Your name, physical address where You reside, Your date of
birth and social security number, and Your passport identification (for non US residents) to confirm that You are Legally of Age. We reserve the right to
verify that You have not been previously self-excluded with the Company and/or any affiliated casino property or any program offered by a governmental
agency and otherwise remain on the Company's self-exclusion list. By requesting certain documents, We reserve the right to verify Your information,
including Your e-mail address and payment methods used, at any time. Requested documents shall include, but are not limited to, (a) A valid government
issued photo ID such as a valid passport or driver's license, (b) proof of address such as a utility bill, and (c) proof of payment method, and can be sent
to us through the 'Upload Your Documents' feature in the Website's Cashier. In Company's sole discretion, We may request notarized document copies, meaning
the documents must be stamped and attested to by a Notary Public. In the event the Company's request for documents is not completed by You to the Company's
satisfaction and received in 30 days, the Company will terminate the account and withhold any funds that are present therein. Any initial deposit funds in
such account shall be returned within 7 business days of cancellation. Company reserves its discretion with respect to the refund of any Bonuses or winning
funds provided to or gained by the user. Should the documents fail the Company's internal security check (for example, if We suspect that the documents
have been tampered with, or are in any way provided to mislead or misrepresent), Company shall be under no obligation to accept such documents as valid,
and shall be under no obligation to provide feedback on the exact nature of the Company's findings with regards to the documents.
4.3 You hereby explicitly consent to the Company performing background checks on any user for any reason, including, but not limited to, any investigation
into the identity of the user, any credit checks performed on the member, or any inquiries into the member's personal history. The basis for such
investigations will be dependent on the specific case, but could include, but is not limited to, verification of the user's registration details, such as
the name, address and age, verification of the user's financial transactions, and verification of the user's gaming activity. The Company shall be under no
obligation to advise the user of such an investigation taking place. Such activities may include the use of specific third party companies who perform the
investigations as required. The Company may decide, in its sole discretion, to suspend a User's account, and withhold any funds that are present therein, on
the basis of such an investigation. Any initial deposit funds in such account shall be refunded to You.
5.
Information Technology/Intellectual Property
5.1 The Company hereby grants You the non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable right to install and use the Software and all content
derived from the Software, including, but not limited to, the copyright and all other intellectual property rights therein, exclusively in connection with
the use of the Services in accordance with this Agreement. You may install the Software on a hard disk or other storage device and may make back-up copies
of the Software, provided that such back-up copies are used only by You exclusively in connection with use of the Services through a computer and/or mobile
device of which You are the principal user. The Software's code, structure and organization are protected by intellectual property rights. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, you must not: (a) copy, redistribute, publish, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, translate or make any
attempt to access the source code to create derivative works of the source code, or otherwise; ?(b) sell, assign, sublicense, transfer, distribute,
lease or grant a security interest in the Software; ?(c) make the Software available to any third party through a computer network or otherwise;
(d) export the Software to any country (whether by physical or electronic means); (e) collect, compile, aggregate, display, market, sell or
otherwise distribute data or statistics obtained from the Services or Software; (f) use cheats, automation software (bots), hacks, or any other
unauthorized third-party software designed to modify the Services or Software or collect data from the Services or Software, including without limitation,
modifications and collections that violate the terms of this Agreement or the Terms of Service; or (g) use the Software in a manner prohibited by
applicable laws, regulations and/or this Agreement (together the "Prohibited Activities").
End User will be solely liable for any damages, costs or expenses arising out of or in connection with the commission of any Prohibited Activities. You
shall notify the Company immediately upon becoming aware of the commission by any person of any of the Prohibited Activities and shall provide the Company
with reasonable assistance with any investigations it may conduct in connection with the commission of any Prohibited Activities.
5.2 The brand names relating to the Website and Services including, but not limited to, "WORLD SERIES OF POKER", "WSOP", "www.wsop.com",
"WSOP.com", any derivatives thereof and any other trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names and logos used by the Company are owned by the
Company, its affiliated entities, or its licensors with respect to the Services regardless of the platform (hereinafter referred to as the "
Trademarks") and the Company, its affiliated entities and licensors (as applicable) reserve all rights to such Trademarks. End User shall
not use the Trademarks, or any confusingly similar marks except as expressly permitted herein.
5.3 In addition to the rights to its Trademarks, the Company or one of its affiliated entities and/or its licensors and/or its service providers
own the rights in all other content including, but not limited to, the Software, games, images, pictures, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, music,
audio and text available via the Software or on the Website or in connection with the Services (the "Site Content"). The Site Content is
protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property rights. The End User shall not modify any of the Site Content and shall not copy, distribute,
transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any Site Content or information or work contained
in the Software or on the Website or used in connection with the Services, except as expressly permitted herein.
5.4 You hereby acknowledge that by using the Services or the Software You obtain no rights in the Trademarks or the Site Content and You may only
use the same in complete accordance with this Agreement.
5.5 You agree not to upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services or on the Website any material or information
that infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, right of privacy, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity, or impersonates
any other person.
5.6 Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Intellectual Property Infringement:
The Company respects the intellectual property rights of others and requires users of the Services and the Website to do the same. The Company may in its
sole discretion immediately remove or disable any content or suspend or terminate the account of any user that is found to have infringed on the rights of
the Company or of a third party, or that has otherwise violated any intellectual property laws or regulations, or any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. The Company will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of repeat infringers. If You believe any material available on the
Website infringes upon a copyright, or otherwise violates Your intellectual property rights, You should notify the Company's Copyright Agent by providing
the following information:
(a) Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that You claim has been infringed;
(b) Identify the material on the Website that may be an infringement with enough detail so that We may locate it on the Website;
(c) A statement by You indicating a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(d) A statement by You declaring under penalty of perjury that (i) the above information in Your notice is accurate, and (ii) that You are the owner of the
copyright interest involved or that You are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
(e) Your address, telephone number, and email address; and
(f) Your physical or electronic signature.
The Company's designated agent for notices of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement is:
Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
One Caesars Palace Drive
Las Vegas, NV 89109
(702) 407-6300 (phone)
(702) 407-6420 (fax)
copyrightagent@caesars.com
6.
Your Representations and Undertakings
In consideration of the rights granted to You to use the Services and the Software, You represent, warrant, covenant and agree that:
6.1 As the End User, You are Legally of Age, as defined in this Agreement, of sound mind and capable of taking responsibility for Your own actions.
6.2 All details You provide to the Company either during the registration process or at any time thereafter, including as part of any payment
deposit transaction are true, current, correct, complete and match the full name(s) on the credit/debit card(s) or other payment accounts including payment
via the automatic clearing house (ACH online check transfers) or commonly referred to as "E-Checks" to be used to deposit or receive funds in Your account.
You shall ensure that funds deposited into an interactive gaming account from a financial institution shall not be transferred out of the interactive
gaming account to a different financial institution and ensure You have sufficient available funds prior to conducting any wagering activities. The Company
does not extend credit to any player for any reason for wagering or playing or any related activities on the Website. You will promptly notify us of any
changes to details previously provided by You to the Company. From time to time You may be requested to provide the Company with certain documents to
verify the details of the credit card used by You to deposit money to Your account. Depending on the outcome of these verification checks You may or may
not be permitted to deposit further monies with the credit card previously used by You. Should any of the information that You provide to the Company be
untrue, inaccurate, misleading or otherwise incomplete, You will be in breach of this Agreement and We reserve the right to terminate Your account
immediately and/or prevent You from using the Software or the Services, in addition to any other action that We may choose to take. You shall not transfer
any funds to any other player or account holder.
6.3 As the End User, Your account with the Company is solely for Your benefit. You shall not allow anyone (including a relative) to use Your
account, password or identity to access or use the Services or the Software and You shall be fully responsible for any activities undertaken on Your
account by a third party. You will not reveal Your account username or password to any person and You shall take all steps to ensure that such details are
not revealed to any person. You shall inform us immediately if You suspect that Your account is being used by a third party and/or any third party has
access to Your account username or password, and You will cooperate in any investigation of such matter.
6.4 As the End User, You are responsible for the security of Your username and password on Your own computer and any device on which the Software
is or may be accessible including an internet access location. If this username password combination is "hacked" from Your computer and/or mobile device,
due to any virus or malware that may be present on the computer and/or mobile device that You access Your account with, this is Your responsibility. End
User is responsible for reporting any possible hacking attempts or security breaches from Your computer terminal immediately to the Company.
6.5 As the End User, You have verified and determined that Your use of the Services does not violate any laws or regulations of any jurisdiction.
You fully understand this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, the Additional Rules, the methods, rules and procedures of the Services and Internet gambling in
general. You understand that it is Your responsibility to ensure the details of bets and games are correct. You will not commit any acts or display any
conduct that damages the reputation of the Company. The Company is responsible for ensuring You are Legally of Age, and You meet the identification and
location requirements of the jurisdiction in which You are using the Services and You shall cooperate with the Company in its efforts to verify the same.
6.6 As the End User, You are fully aware that there is a risk of losing money when gambling by means of the Services and You are fully responsible
for any such loss. You agree that Your use of the Services is at Your sole option, discretion and risk. In relation to any loss or claim arising out of or
in any way related to the Services, You shall have no claims whatsoever against, and You fully release the Company or any company within the same group of
companies as the Company or their respective directors, officers, employees, service providers, agents, or any affiliates of any of the foregoing subject
to any applicable law.
6.7 As the End User, You acknowledge that by registering and using the Services You have to provide the Company with certain personal details about
Yourself (including details regarding Your methods of payment), which will be handled as provided for in the Privacy Policy. Your use of the Software or
Service shall constitute Your agreement that You have read the Privacy Policy and You agree with the Company's policies in how Your information is handled.
6.8 As the End User, You agree to use the Website, Services and Software in complete accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
each of the Additional Rules, as amended from time to time, and shall abide by all rules and instructions for playing the games that comprise the Services.
6.9 You acknowledge that the Software includes features provided by third parties which may be installed on your device as part of the Software and which may be automatically updated from time to time. Amongst others, such features may access your hand history which is stored on your own device, for the purpose of providing You with certain promotions and notifications. You may elect not to enable recording of your hand history or to uninstall the feature.
6.10 You are solely responsible for all taxes and tax reporting to any relevant governmental, taxation or other authority on any winnings paid to
You by the Company or any other related or affiliated entity, subject to applicable local, state and/or federal tax regulations.
6.11 As the End User, You are solely responsible for any telecommunication network and Internet access services and costs, other consents and
permissions required in connection with Your use of the Software and the Services. In case of any disconnection or interference with the connection or any
alteration to Your system made by You, the Company may not guarantee that the Software shall recall Your exact status prior to the disconnection event.
6.12 As the End User, You shall use the Services and the Software only in good faith towards both the Company and the other players using the
Services. In the event that the Company deems You have been using the Services or the Software in violation of this Agreement, in violation of any
applicable law and/or to cause direct or indirect harm or injury to the Company or any user of the Services, the Company shall have the right, to terminate
Your account with the Services and any other accounts You may hold with the Company and the Company shall be entitled to retain all monies therein. Subject
to any applicable law, You hereby expressly waive any future claims against the Company in such regard.
6.13 As the End User, You acknowledge that certain games and tournaments, which are included in the Services, are offered or may be offered upon Company's sole discretion to You on a "shared basis" which enables the Company to bring together users of the Services with other people who are not users of the Services herein.. In such cases, You accept that You may play with or against other people, who may have different configurations to your own, this includes but is not limited to different bet limits. You agree that, at the Company's sole discretion, You may be pooled into these shared games and tournaments and that, to the extent that You breach this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to suspend You from playing on any games and tournaments.
6.14 As the End User, You acknowledge and agree that should You choose to self-exclude, as provided for by regulation, from the Services operated by the Company or its affiliates, You shall not be permitted to open or use a new account with any other website operated by the Company or use the Services during Your selected self-exclusion period, until such self-exclusion has been lifted and the original account reopened. In the event You are in breach of the foregoing, the Company will suspend any new account You open with another website operated by the Company, refund any funds You may deposit (or have previously deposited) therein, and shall not be liable to refund You any funds You may have wagered or won through such account.
6.15 You hereby consent to the Company and/or Nevada Gaming Control Board monitoring and recording Your wagering communications and geographic location information at any or all times and You shall have no claims against the Company in such regard.
6.16 You acknowledge that in relation to peer-to-peer gaming, You may be at a disadvantage in relation to other players as a result of technical issues, such as slower network speeds or slower end user device performance.
7.
Prohibited Uses of the Sites and Services
7.1 Illegal Funds and Unlawful Activities: As the End User, You declare that the source of funds used by You for gambling on the Website is not
illegal and that You will not use the Services in any way as a money transfer system. You will not use the Services for any unlawful or fraudulent activity
or prohibited transaction (including money laundering) under U.S Federal laws and/or the laws of the State of Nevada, the Regulations of the Nevada Gaming
Commission and/or any directives or instructions of the Nevada Gaming Control Board. If the Company has a suspicion that You may be engaging in or have
engaged in fraudulent, unlawful or improper activity including, without limitation, money laundering activities, or conduct otherwise in violation of this
Agreement, Your access to the Services may be terminated immediately and/or Your account suspended. If Your account is terminated or suspended in such
circumstances, the Company is under no obligation to refund You any funds that may be in Your account, In addition to terminating Your access to the
Services and/or suspending Your account, the Company reserves the right to prevent You from accessing any of the Company's other websites or servers, or
accessing any other services offered by the Company. The Company shall be entitled to inform relevant authorities, other online service providers and
banks, credit card companies, electronic payment providers or other financial institutions (together " Interested Third Parties") of Your
identity and of any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity. In the interests of fair play it is prohibited to utilize any recognized betting techniques to circumvent the standard house edge in our games. If the game play on your account indicates that You are using such betting techniques We shall immediately suspend the account and retain any funds in said account.  As the End User, You agree to cooperate fully with the Company to investigate any and all such activity.
7.2 Circumvention: We have developed and employ proprietary technology intended to seek out and identify users making fraudulent or unlawful use of
the Services or Software. You shall not break into, access or attempt to break into or access or otherwise circumvent the Company's security measures. If
the Company believes, in its sole discretion, that You are in breach of this clause, the Company may terminate Your access to the Services immediately
and/or have Your account terminated or suspended, pending investigation, and/or notify the proper authorities of the suspected activity, which may
result in the closure of all Your accounts, and You being barred from future use of the Services. The Company reserves the right to inform Interested Third
Parties of Your breach. If Your account is terminated or suspended in such circumstances, the Company is under no obligation to refund You any of the funds
that may be in Your account, with such funds being forfeited. In addition to terminating Your access to the Services and/or suspending Your account, the
Company reserves the right to prevent You from accessing any of the Company's other websites or servers, or accessing any other properties or services
offered by the Company.
7.3 Software Aids: The use of any automated tool which in the Company's opinion is designed among other things to provide assistance in betting
decisions, to exchange the opponents' hand histories, to enable You to find a seat at a poker table, to automatically seat You at a poker table or which is
used in any way in connection with Your use of the Services is strictly prohibited. Therefore, the use of any software, program, tool, or robot which in the
Company's opinion is endowed with artificial intelligence or any external devices, programs or applications (hereinafter referred to as "
Software Aid") in connection with Your use of the Services is strictly prohibited. We constantly review the use of the
Services in order to detect the use of any Software Aid and in the event that We deem it has been used, Company reserves the right to take any action We
deem fit, including immediately suspending access to the Services to the offending user and terminating such user's account. If Your account is terminated or
suspended in such circumstances, the Company is under no obligation to refund You any of the funds that may be in Your account, with such funds being
forfeited. In addition to terminating Your access to the Services and/or suspending Your account, the Company reserves the right to prevent You from
accessing any of the Company's other websites or servers, or accessing any other properties or services offered by the Company.
7.4 Intentional Disconnection: You are not allowed to intentionally disconnect from a game while playing on the Website. We have developed and
employ elaborate methods which enable the Company to seek out and accurately identify users who carry out an intentional disconnection during a game. If,
in the Company's sole discretion, You are in breach of this clause, the Company may terminate Your access to the Services immediately and/or have Your
account suspended. The Company shall be under no obligation to refund You any monies that may be in Your account, with such funds being forfeited. In
addition to terminating Your access to the Services and/or suspending Your account, the Company reserves the right to prevent You from accessing any of the
Company's other websites or servers, or accessing any other properties or services offered by the Company.
7.5 If We have reason to suspect that an account or group of accounts are operating systematically in order to gain an advantage over another player or to commit an act in bad faith in relation to other players or the Company – for example employing specific wagering techniques to disadvantage other players or wagering  as a group the Company shall have the right to suspend or terminate all accounts and in such circumstances and the Company shall be under no obligation to refund You any funds that may be in Your account, with such funds being forfeited.
7.6 The Company will not provide any information to You with regards to investigations or any subsequent outcome which it conducts into Your use of
the Services.
8.
Your Account
8.1 Your account is for Your sole personal use only and shall not be used for any professional, business or commercial purpose.
8.2 Company shall not be responsible for any third party access to Your account. Under no circumstances shall the Company be liable for any losses
incurred by You as a result of misuse of Your password by any person or for any unauthorized access to Your account. All transactions where Your username
and password have been entered correctly will be regarded as valid whether or not authorized by You.
8.3 Monies held in Your account shall not gain any monetary interest.
8.4 If You do not access Your Account by 'logging on' to Your Account using Your Account name and password for any consecutive period of twelve months Your account will be considered a "dormant account". The user will be notified periodically via email of their inactivity and remaining funds. Once an account falls into the "dormant account" status, a user can no longer log in with their account name and password. The user must contact support and ask for the account restriction to be removed. The twelve-month period will run from the date of Your last login to Your account. In the case of a dormant account, the Company will levy a monthly administration fee at a rate of USD $4.99 per month commencing on the date that it became dormant. The administration fee shall be deducted from the dormant account commencing from the last day of the twelfth month in which the account is inactive and on a monthly basis thereafter, until the balance of the account has reached zero. In the event that You login to Your account during the period during which the administration fee is levied, the Company will cease to levy the administration fee but shall not be obligated to return to You any monies already deducted from the account at such time.
8.5 We reserve the right to limit or refuse any bet, stake or other wager made by You or through Your account.
8.6 You may not sell or attempt to sell or otherwise transfer any chips, bonuses or any other related items to any other individual or entity. If Company finds evidence of such a sale or attempt sale, Company may terminate Your account. If Your account is terminated or suspended in such circumstances, the Company is under no obligation to refund You all the funds that may be in Your account. Any initial money deposit provided by User in such account shall be returned within 60 business days of cancellation, which shall occur after an investigation process completed by the Company, subject to any applicable law.
8.7 Where the Software uses a third party application interface, not all the information relating to your past gambling activities will be displayed online.
9.
Payment Transactions and Payment Fraud
9.1 End User of the Service is fully responsible for paying all monies owed to the Company. You agree that You will not make or attempt to make any
charge-backs, and/or deny or reverse any payment that You have made and You will reimburse the Company for any charge-backs, denial or reversal of payments
You make and any loss suffered by the Company as a consequence thereof. The Company may, at its sole discretion, cease to provide the Services or withhold
payment to certain users or to users paying with certain credit cards.
9.2 Company reserves the right to use third party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions to process payments made by and to
You in connection with Your use of the Services. To the extent that they do not conflict with the terms of this Agreement, You agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions of such third party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions.
9.3 In the case of suspected or fraudulent payment, including use of stolen credit cards, or any other fraudulent activity (including any charge-back or other reversal of a payment or dispute or fraud relating to ACH/e-checks), Company reserves the right to suspend a user's account, reverse any pay-out made and recover any winnings. Company shall be entitled to inform any relevant authorities or entities (including credit reference agencies) of any payment fraud or otherwise unlawful activity, and may employ collection services to recover payments. However, under no circumstances shall the Company be liable for any unauthorized use of credit cards, irrespective of whether or not the credit cards were reported stolen.
9.4 All payments into Your account must be from a single payment source, such as a credit card, debit card, charge card or ACH/e-check on which You
are a named account holder.
10.
Bonuses
10.1 All promotions, bonuses or special offers are subject to the Company's Bonus Policy and promotion-specific terms and conditions if applicable,
and any bonus credited to Your account must be used in adherence with such terms and conditions. We reserve the right to withdraw any promotion, bonus or
special offer at any time.
10.2 In the event that the Company believes a user of the Service is abusing or attempting to abuse a bonus or other promotion, or is likely to benefit through abuse or lack of good faith from a gambling policy adopted by the Company, then the Company may, at its sole discretion, deny, withhold or withdraw from any user any bonus or promotion, or rescind any policy with respect to that user, either temporarily or permanently, or terminate that user's access to the Services and/or suspend that user's account.
10.3 The opening of multiple accounts on the Website or on any other sites owned and/or operated by the Company in bad faith shall be considered an abusive behavior.
10.4 In the event that the Company deems in its sole discretion that You have been taking unfair advantage of the Company's bonuses or have executed any other act in bad faith in relation to a bonus promotion offered on the Website or on any other sites owned and/or operated by the Company, the Company shall have the right to suspend or terminate Your accounts with the Company and in such circumstances, the Company shall be under no obligation to refund You any bonus funds or winnings that may be in Your accounts according to applicable regulation.
10.5 An End User's account is made up of both Available Funds (those that can be used in any applicable game or withdrawn subject to the Withdrawal Policy) and Restricted Funds (the total of bonus funds that have not yet met the wagering requirement and any winnings associated with such bonus funds). If You have both Available Funds and Restricted Funds in your account, the next wager You make will use Restricted Funds first. Available Funds will only be used once your Restricted Funds balance is zero.
11.
Obligations of the Company
11.1 The Company has no obligation to check whether users are using the Services in accordance with this Agreement or the Additional Rules, as
updated from time to time.
11.2 Company may investigate or pursue complaints made by a player against any other player using the Services and may take any action in
connection therewith, or take any action against a player for any reason, including without limitation for violating the terms of this Agreement. The
Company may, at its sole discretion, decide to take appropriate action against any person it suspects of engaging in any unlawful behavior or otherwise
violating the terms of this Agreement, but is under no obligation to do so. Additionally, complaints may be filed with the Nevada Gaming Control Board.
11.3 The Company has no obligation to maintain account names or passwords. If You misplace, forget or lose Your account name or password because of
anything other than the Company's error, the Company shall not be liable. The System allows You the ability to reset Your password on the Website; however,
obtaining Your account name requires You to contact customer service.
11.4 All personal information provided by You shall be subject to the Privacy Policy.
12. Dispute Resolution
12.1
Dispute Resolution Mechanism Between Players
12.1.1 In case of any dispute raised between users and related directly to the Services, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to assist the
users in reaching a solution; such discussions shall not be public and shall be conducted privately. The users shall promptly attempt to resolve through
good faith discussions any dispute or disagreement between them relating to their use of the Services, each of the users may escalate the dispute or
disagreement, first to the customer support team; if the customer support team fails to reach an understanding within 7 days of the matter being referred
to the customer support team, the matter may be escalated to a customer support manager.
12.1.2 If the dispute is not resolved according to the process described above, the Company at its sole discretion may refer the dispute to
arbitration in accordance with this Agreement but will not initiate such proceedings for the resolution of the dispute until the earlier of: (a) the
customer support team managers joint written conclusion that amicable resolution through continued negotiation is unlikely; or (b) 30 days after the matter
was escalated to the managers. Disputes over $500 are reported to the Nevada Gaming Control Board pursuant to the applicable law.
12.1.3 Dispute Resolution. Subject to the escalation process set forth above, any dispute under this Agreement shall be referred to and resolved in
accordance with following provisions:
- 12.1.3.1 Company at its sole discretion, may apply to courts having jurisdiction in the matter to obtain an injunction to prevent disclosure of its
confidential information.
- 12.1.3.2 For all other disputes arising under or in connection with the Services, these disputes shall be exclusively referred to and finally resolved by
the Nevada State Gaming Control Board. The award and/or determination shall be final and binding upon You and the Company and judgment may be entered
thereon in any court of competent jurisdiction.
- 12.1.3.3 In relation to any disputes between users, You accept and agree that a random number generator will determine the randomly generated events
required in connection with the Services and where the result shown on the Software (as installed and operated by Your hardware) conflicts with the result
shown on our server, the result shown on our server shall in all circumstances take precedence. You understand and agree that the Company records shall be
the final authority in determining the terms of Your use of the Services and the Company is not required to consider any dispute You may have with regard
to the Company's decisions in such matters. This provision does not prejudice any rights or remedies You may have at law or in equity.
- 12.1.3.4 Claims or disputes should be submitted within seven days after the date of the original transaction and all claims or disputes should be raised
with the customer service department at support@wsop.com.
The proceedings contemplated by this section shall be as confidential and private as permitted by law. To that end, the parties shall not disclose the
existence, content or results of any proceeding conducted in accordance with this section, and materials submitted in connection with such proceedings
shall not be admissible in any other proceeding, provided, however, that this confidentiality provision shall not prevent a petition to vacate or enforce
an award, and shall not bar disclosures required by law.
12.1.4 This provision does not prejudice any rights or remedies You may have at law or in equity. You hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the
State of Nevada to resolve any disputes arising out of the Gambling Services in such case the hearing shall become public.
12.2 Disputes With The Company
12.2.1 In relation to any and all disputes between users and the Company, You accept and agree that a random number generator will determine the
randomly generated events required in connection with the Services and where the result shown on the Software (as installed and operated by your hardware)
conflicts with the result shown on our server, the result shown on our server shall in all circumstances take precedence. You understand and agree that
(without prejudice to your other rights and remedies) the Company records shall be the final authority in determining the terms of your use of the Services
and you shall have no right to dispute the Company's decisions in regard to such matters.
12.2.2. In relation to any and all disputed between users and the Company which is less than $500, the user has the right to request that the
Nevada Gaming Control Board conduct an investigation pursuant to the dispute statute. Disputes over $500 are reported to the Nevada Gaming Control Board
pursuant to the dispute statute. The award and/or determination of the Nevada Gaming Control Board in relation to any investigation into the Services shall
be final and binding and judgment may be entered thereon in any court of competent jurisdiction.
12.3 All Disputes
12.3.1 Claims or disputes should be submitted within seven days after the date of the original transaction or giving rise to the dispute and all
claims or disputes should be raised with the customer service department at support@wsop.com.
12.3.2 You hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada to resolve any disputes arising out of the Gambling Services or use of the
Website.
13.
NO WARRANTY
13.1 THE SERVICES AND THE SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (WHETHER BY
LAW, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, COMPLETENESS OR ACCURACY OF THE SERVICES OR THE SOFTWARE OR INFRINGEMENT OF APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
USE, QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE LIES WITH YOU.
13.2 THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, THAT
DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR BUGS OR REPRESENTS THE FULL FUNCTIONALITY,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OF THE MATERIALS OR AS TO RESULTS OR THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES.
13.3 IN THE EVENT OF SYSTEMS OR COMMUNICATIONS ERRORS OR MALFUNCTIONS, BUGS OR VIRUSES RELATING TO ACCOUNT SETTLEMENT OR OTHER ELEMENTS OF THE
SERVICES OR RESULTING IN LOSS OF DATA OR WINNINGS OR BONUSES OR ANYTHING ANALGOUS THERETO BY YOU OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR
SOFTWARE, THE COMPANY SHALL IN NO WAY BE LIABLE TO YOU AND THE COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO VOID ALL GAMES IN QUESTION AND PAYMENTS IN RELATION THERETO
AND MAY TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION TO CORRECT SUCH ERRORS EXCEPT THAT THE COMPANY IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE ANY BACK UP NETWORK AND/OR SYSTEMS OR SIMILAR
SERVICES.
13.4 THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTS OR OMISSIONS MADE BY YOUR INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY WITH WHOM YOU HAVE
CONTRACTED TO GAIN ACCESS TO THE SERVER THAT HOSTS THE SITE.
14.
Limitations of Liability
End User acknowledges and agrees that:
14.1 You are free to choose whether to use the Services and do so at Your sole option, discretion and risk.
14.2 Neither the Company, its affiliated companies or any third party service provider (the "Affiliates") or its third party
licensors shall be liable to You or any third party in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in any
way connected with Your use or any third party's use of the Software or the Services, whether direct or indirect, including, without limitation, damage for
loss of business, loss of profits (including loss of or failure to receive anticipated winnings), business interruption, loss of business information, or
any other pecuniary or consequential loss (even where We have been notified by You of the possibility of such loss or damage).
14.3 Neither the Company nor its Affiliates or its third party licensors shall be liable in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise for any loss
or damage whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with Your use of any link contained on the Website or otherwise via the Services. The Company,
its Affiliates and its third party licensors are not responsible for the content contained on any Internet site linked to or from the Website or otherwise
via the Services.
14.4 The Company, its Affiliates and its third party licensors shall not be liable to You or any third party for any modification to, suspension of
or discontinuance of the Software or the Services.
14.5 In the event that the Software or Services fails to operate correctly as a result of, but not limited to, any delay or interruption in
operation or transmission, any loss or corruption of data or communication or lines failure, any person's misuse of the Website, Services, or their
respective content, or any error or omission in content or any other factors beyond our control: (a) the Company, its Affiliates and its third party
licensors will not be responsible for any loss, including loss of winnings, that may result from the circumstances detailed in the paragraph above; and (b)
if any such errors result in an increase in winnings owed or paid to You, You shall not be entitled to the winnings falling within such increase. You shall
immediately inform the Company of the error and shall repay any winnings credited to Your account in error to the Company (as directed by the Company) or
the Company may, in its discretion, deduct an amount equal to those winnings from Your account or set off such amount against any money owed to You by the
Company. If the Company is able to determine the Software or Services fails to operate correctly as a result of factors within the Company's control, the
Company shall determine how to handle player compensation.
14.6 Nothing in this Agreement will operate so as to exclude any liability of the Company for fraud, death or personal injury that is caused by the
Company's negligence.
15.
Breach of Terms and Conditions
15.1 As the End User, You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold the Company, Affiliates, third party service providers and licensors and their
respective companies, and their respective officers, directors and employees harmless immediately on demand from and against all claims, demands,
liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including legal fees and any other charges whatsoever, howsoever caused, that may arise as a result of:
(a) any breach of this Agreement by You;
(b) any violation by You of any law or the rights of any third party;
(c) any use by You of the Services or Software or use by any other person accessing the Services or Software using Your user identification, whether or not with Your authorization; or
(d) any acceptance of any winnings.
15.2 In addition to any other remedy available to the Company, as the End User, if You breach any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
any Additional Terms or the Company has reasonable grounds for suspecting that You have breached the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any
Additional Terms Your winnings may be forfeited at the discretion of the Company and the Company may retain any positive balance then existing in Your
account on account of any damages or other amounts owed by You to the Company pending investigation and/or the conclusion of any legal proceedings. Failure
to comply with this Agreement may also result in disqualification, account closure and/or legal action being taken against You. Additionally, disputes may
be investigated by the Nevada Gaming Control Board.
16.
Duration and Termination
16.1 This Agreement shall be in full force and effect immediately upon Your completion of the registration process and valid download of the
Software with the Company and shall continue in full force and effect unless and until terminated in accordance with its terms.
16.2 We may terminate this Agreement and Your account (including Your username and password) immediately without notice:
(a) in the event, for any reason the Company decides to discontinue to provide the Services in general or specifically to You;
(b) in the event Company believes that You have breached any of the terms of this Agreement;
(c) in the event Your use of the Services has been in any way improper or breaches the spirit of this Agreement;
(d) in the event Your account is associated in any way with any existing account that has been terminated. If Your account is associated with, or related to, existing suspended accounts, We may terminate Your account, irrespective of the nature of this relationship, and the registration details provided on said accounts; ?
(e) upon instruction of the appropriate law enforcement agency or regulatory body; or
(f) for any other reason Company may determine.
Unless otherwise provided herein, or as required by law or regulation, on termination of this Agreement any balance in Your account will be returned to You
within a reasonable time of Your request, subject to Company's right to deduct any amounts owed by You to Company.
16.3 As the End User, You may terminate this Agreement and Your account (including Your username and password) at any time by sending an email to us at
support@wsop.com, such termination is to take effect upon the Company terminating Your account (including username
and password), which shall occur within 7 calendar days after receipt by the Company of Your email on our servers in Nevada, provided that You shall remain
responsible for any activity on Your account between sending us an email and the termination of Your account by the Company.
16.4 On termination of this Agreement You shall:
(a) discontinue the use of the Software and the Services;
(b) pay all amounts due and owing to the Company; and
(c) remove and permanently delete the Software from Your computer equipment and/or mobile device and destroy all related documentation in Your possession,
custody, power or control.
16.5 The right to terminate this Agreement given by this clause shall not prejudice any other right or remedy of either party in respect of the
breach concerned (if any) or any other breach.
16.6 Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and subject to any rights or obligations
which have accrued prior to termination, neither party shall have any further obligation to the other party under this Agreement.
In the event of our termination of this Agreement on account of Your breach of this Agreement (including the Additional Rules) the Company is under no
obligation to refund You all the funds that may be in Your account, with such funds being forfeited. In addition to terminating Your access to the Services
and/or suspending Your account, the Company reserves the right to prevent You from accessing any of the Company's other websites or servers, or accessing any
other properties or services offered by the Company and You shall have no claims against the Company in such regard.
16.7 If You have chosen to close Your account - for example, if You have self-excluded Yourself from any of our Services, it is Your obligation to
abide by this restriction for the duration of the set period. If You open new accounts, while under a period of self-exclusion or cooling off, from any of
the brands operated under the Company's umbrella, Company shall close all accounts as soon as detected. Company is not obligated to refund to You any funds
You may have wagered or won through such accounts.
16.8 If You have previously self-excluded under our responsible gaming program at any of our casinos or on-line gambling sites or under any state-sponsored
program, it is Your responsibility to refrain from opening new accounts during the period of such exclusion. Responsible gaming exclusions apply to all
Company owned, managed, or operated properties or gambling sites. While Company will take reasonable steps to deny access, it is not obligating itself to
prevent access. It is Your obligation to refrain from opening new accounts in any of the brands operated by the Company. If You do open any new accounts,
We will close all accounts as soon as detected. Company shall not be obligated to refund You any funds You may have wagered or won through such account.
17.
General
17.1 If any part of this Agreement shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be
severable from the rest of this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of this Agreement. In
such cases, the part deemed invalid or unenforceable shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as closely as possible, the
original intent of the parties.
17.2 No waiver by us of any terms of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of any terms of this
Agreement.
17.3 Unless otherwise expressly stated, nothing in this Agreement shall create or confer any rights or any other benefits to third parties.
17.4 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, trust arrangement, fiduciary relationship or any other form
of joint enterprise between You and us.
17.5 This Agreement, together with the Privacy Policy and the Additional Rules contain the entire agreement between the Company and You, relating
to Your use of the Software and the Services and supersedes any and all prior agreements between the Company and You in relation to the same. You confirm
that, in agreeing to accept this Agreement, You have not relied on any representations other than this Agreement, the Company's Privacy Policy and the
Additional Rules.
17.6 The Company reserves the right to transfer, assign, sublicense or pledge this Agreement, in whole or in part, in the event of a reorganization
of the corporate group in which the Company exists or in the event of a merger, sale of assets or other similar corporate transaction in which the Company
may be involved in.
17.7 As the End User, You agree to not transfer, assign, sublicense or pledge in any manner whatsoever any of Your rights or obligations under this
Agreement.
17.8 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed so as to grant You any security interest whatsoever over the assets of the Company, including for
the avoidance of doubt on any amounts standing to the credit of Your account.
17.9 Pursuant to State and/or Federal law, You may be required to complete certain tax forms before winnings that exceed a taxable threshold can be
released to You. By using the Services, You agree to comply in full with all applicable tax laws, and hereby release Company from any liability associated
with Your compliance therewith.
18.
Nevada Regulations
Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Services are provided in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
19.
Chat Feature
As part of Your use of the Services the Company may provide You with a chat facility feature which You will be able to communicate with other users of the
Service. The Company reserves the right to review the chat and to keep a record of all statements made on such facility. Your use of the chat facility is
subject to the following rules:
19.1 End User shall not make any statements that are sexually explicit or offensive, including expressions of bigotry, racism, hatred or profanity.
19.2 End User shall not make statements that are abusive, defamatory, harassing or insulting to other users of the Service.
19.3 End User shall not make statements that advertise, promote or otherwise relate to any other online entities.
19.4 End User shall not make statements about the Company and/or its service providers or the Website or any other Internet site connected to the
Company and/or its service providers that are untrue and/or malicious and/or damaging to the Company and/or its service providers, the Website, or any
other Internet site affiliated with the Company and/or its service providers.
19.5 End User shall not make upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service or on the Website any material or
information that infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, right of privacy, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity, or
impersonates any other person.
19.6 Company is fully aware that English may not be the first language of some of our players. However, at this current time, our policy upholds
that this is the only language permitted in our chat application.
19.7 In the event of Your breaching any of the above provisions relating to the chat facility, the Company shall have the right to remove Your chat
privilege or even temporarily or permanently terminate Your account. Upon such termination the Company shall refund You any funds which may be in Your
account over and above any amount which You may be owing to the Company at such time (if any).
PLEASE NOTE: When using the chat facility any personally identifiable information that You submit, can be read, collected, or used by other users of the
same chat facility and could be used by third parties to send You unsolicited messages. The Company is not and shall not be responsible for the personally
identifiable information that You choose to submit via the chat facility.
20.
Customer Service Department and Special Promotions
20.1 For service quality assurance, calls made by You to the customer service department may be recorded.
20.2 You hereby expressly consent to the Company using the contact details provided by You on registration to occasionally contact You directly in
relation to Your use of the Services or any other products or services offered by the Company, its partners or affiliates from time to time.
20.3 The Company will not tolerate any abusive behavior exhibited by users of the Service to the Company's or its service provider's employees. In
the event that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems that Your behavior, via telephone, live chat, email or otherwise, has been abusive or derogatory
towards any of the Company's or its service provider's employees, the Company shall have the right to suspend or terminate Your account with the Company.
20.4 The Company may, from time to time, offer You special promotions. These promotions may be communicated to You by various means, including but
not limited to (i) email, (ii) telephone, (iii) SMS text message, and (iv) additional windows opening from within the Software. Promotions begin at 12:01am
and end at 11:59 pm Pacific on specified dates, unless stated otherwise in the promotion's Terms & Conditions.
20.5 Company shall provide You with an opt-out option in relation to various types of marketing communications from the Company and should You
choose to opt-out from communications, the Company shall respect Your wishes in such regard.
21.
Uninstall and Shortcut Additions
If You are using the download form of the Software and wish to have it uninstalled You will be able to do so via the Add/Remove Programs on Your computer.
Please note that upon installation of the Software the following shortcuts shall be added to Your computer's desktop:
Quick launch shortcut.
Desktop icon.
Client link from the Start Menu.
Brand folder with client and uninstall link from the Programs option on the Start Menu.
Client link from the Games option on the Start Menu.
If You choose to uninstall the Software certain registration keys will remain on Your computer in order to maintain responsible gaming rules, monitor fraud
attempts, and comply with any applicable regulation.
22.
Minimum Hardware Requirements
In order to enjoy the Services, You are required to install a downloadable application in relation to the poker offering on your computer, or use the online version of the Services.
The minimum recommended specifications are:
22.1 For PC:
o OS - Windows 7 or higher
o CPU - 1 GHz or faster 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor
o RAM -  1 GHz (GB) (32-bit) or 2 GB (64-bit)
o HD - 250Mb available22.2 For Mac, once shall be applicable upon Company's sole discretion:
o OS version: Mac OS X 10.6.8
o CPU: 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo
o Memory: 4GB DDR2 667 MHz
HD - 250Mb available
Supported Browser Requirements:
IE10 and above
Chrome 31.x, 41.x and above
FireFox 36.x and above
Safari 9 and above
22.3 You will need to have the Adobe Flash Player (10.1.16 and above) installed. Should the Adobe Flash Player version installed be incompatible with the requirement above, end-users will be prompted to download and install the required version.
22.4 In relation to the mobile application on the iPhone and iPad, We support version iOS 9.1 and above. With respect to the mobile application on Android we support version 5 and above.
22.5 In relation to the mobile application on the android operating system the minimum requirements are:
o ARMv7 processor with vector FPU, minimum 550MHz, OpenGL ES 2.0, H.264 and AAC HW decoders
o Android™ 2.3 and above
o 256MB of RAM
Please note that We may discontinue support for outdated versions of the abovementioned hardware or software at our sole discretion.
23.
Governing Law
This Agreement including the Additional Rules and Privacy Policy and the relationship between the parties shall be governed by, and interpreted in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the State of Nevada to resolve any
disputes arising out of Internet or mobile gaming.
24.
Language Discrepancies
This Agreement has been drafted in the English language. In the event of any discrepancy between the meanings of any translated versions of this Agreement
and the English language version, the meaning of the English language version shall prevail.
25. Player Disconnection
The player disconnection provisions applicable to Poker games are described in the House Rules.
26.
Provisions Relating to Specific Games
Poker
You hereby acknowledge that all bets placed by You in relation to multi-player poker games are bets placed with other users and not bets placed with or
against the Company. The Company does not assume any risk whatsoever for bets placed between You and any other user of the Service. The Company does not
under any circumstances either place or accept bets itself.
You may not occupy more than one position at a poker table at any given time, though You may occupy one position at several tables at any given time.
You understand and agree that all of our multi-player poker games are public and therefore may be reviewed and published by other players, either at the
time of the game or thereafter.
We provide multi-player poker games so as to provide a platform for users to play poker and to bet with each other using the Software. In consideration of
this service We charge either:
(a) a commission (known as a rake) which is calculated in accordance with the House Rules; or (b) a percentage of the "buy-in" fee for tournaments.For Blast Tournaments, please see here.
Collusion : Collusion occurs when two or more players attempt to gain an unfair advantage which includes but is not limited to sharing knowledge of their cards or other information and unless stated otherwise by the Company, by agreeing to split a prize-pool. In cases of suspected collusion, the Company shall be entitled to freeze the implicated players' accounts pending investigation, and/or notify the proper authorities of the suspected activity. Any player who colludes or attempts to collude with any other player while using the Service may be permanently banned from using the Service or the Software or any other related services of the Company, their account may be terminated immediately and the Company shall be entitled to retain all monies that are reasonably determined to have been obtained as a result of collusion as determined by the dispute resolution statute. We have developed and employ sophisticated proprietary technology intended to seek out and identify players acting in collusion. If the Company is informed during play about suspected collusive behavior, it may, in its sole discretion, terminate suspected players' access to the Service and/or suspend their accounts. No player shall have the right to require the Company to take any other steps against players suspected of collusion, cheating or any other form of fraud.
If You suspect that any player is colluding with another or cheating, You can contact us via email at support@wsop.com.
Chip-Dumping: Chip-dumping occurs when any player deliberately loses a hand in order to transfer his chips to another player. In cases of suspected chip-dumping, the Company shall be entitled to freeze the implicated players' accounts pending investigation, and/or notify the proper authorities of the suspected activity. Any player who is involved in an act of chip-dumping or attempted chip-dumping while using the Service may be permanently banned from using the Services or the Software or any other related services of the Company and such player's account may be terminated immediately.
If Your account is associated with poker fraud in any way - for example through Chip Dumping, or Collusion, We will be entitled to freeze Your account
pending investigation, and/or notify the Nevada Gaming Control Board of the suspected activity, the outcome of which may result in the closure of all Your
accounts, You being barred from future use of the Services, and the forfeiture of funds reasonably determined to have been obtained as a result of such
fraud.
27. Regulatory Body
If You are not satisfied with the resolution offered by the Company, You may contact the Nevada Gaming Control Board. The Company and You consent to the
jurisdiction of the State of Nevada to resolve any disputes arising out of interactive gaming that cannot be resolved between the Company and You.
PLEASE PRINT OFF AND RETAIN A HARD COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR YOUR RECORDS.
MOST TRUSTED BRAND IN POKER
For more than forty years, the World Series of Poker has been the most trusted name in the game. WSOP.com continues this legacy, yet strikes the proper balance between professional-grade and accessible. It's all the action and prestige of the World Series of Poker, from the comfort of your home or locale of choice. At WSOP.com, anyone can play and anyone can win. Dreams are dealt on daily basis. And no matter who you are, there's always a seat waiting for you.
WORLD'S MOST GEOGRAPHICALLY DIVERSIFIED GAMING COMPANY
Caesars Entertainment Corporation is the world's most geographically diversified casino-entertainment company. Since its beginning in Reno, Nevada, 75 years ago, Caesars has grown through development of new resorts, expansions and acquisitions and now operates casinos on four continents. The company's resorts operate primarily under the Caesars®, Harrah's® and Horseshoe® brand names. Caesars also owns the World Series of Poker® and the London Clubs International family of casinos. For more information, please visit www.caesars.com.
WSOP.COM
WSOP Circuit Events
Registration
Bracelet Winners
Tournament Updates
Newsletter Signup
WSOP Main Event
STAY CONNECTED
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Caesars welcomes those that are of legal casino gambling age to our website.
WSOP.com is owned by Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Inc.
One Caesars Palace Drive, Las Vegas, NV 89109
Nevada Gaming License Number: 31831-01
About Us
| Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy
| Security
| Help
| Contact Us
Responsible Gaming Policy
| House Rules
| Nevada Gaming Control Board
| Dispute/Complaint
| Self-Exclusion
Know When to Stop Before You Start® Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-522-4700
©2020, Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The use of this website is governed by NV law