http://www.ccpgames.com/cookie-policy
Company
Products
Careers
Culture
News
Toggle navigation
Company
Products
Careers
Culture
News
Cookie Policy
CCP ehf. (hereinafter referred to as "CCP", "we," "our," "us") recognizes that you care how your personal data is collected and used.
The practices described in this Cookie Policy apply to personal data collected through our websites eveonline.com, dust514.com, gunjack.com, gunjack2.com, evevalkyrie.com, playsparc.com, and ccpgames.com (each, a "Site", collectively, the "Sites"), via cookies. This Policy explains how and why we use cookies on our Sites.
For the purpose of any applicable data protection and privacy legislation, the data controller is CCP ehf. of Bjargargata 1, 102 Reykjavík, Iceland.
We have appointed a Data Protection Team to oversee compliance with this Cookie Policy. The Data Protection Team may be contacted at request@privacy.ccpgames.com.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that reside on your data storage device (such as a computer or smartphone) and store information about your use of our Sites. Cookies help us to improve our Sites and deliver a more personalized service. Generally speaking, cookies enable us to:
estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize our Sites according to your individual interests;
speed up your searches; and
recognize you when you return to our Sites.
How does CCP use cookies?
We use the following specific types of cookies on our Sites:
"Strictly necessary cookies": These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
"Analytical/performance cookies": These types of cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Sites when using it. This assists us in improving the way our Site works, for example, by ensuring that you find what you are looking for easily.
"Functionality cookies": These are used to recognize you when you return to one of our Sites. They enable us to personalize the Sites’ content and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
"Targeting cookies": These cookies record your visits to our Sites, the individual pages visited and the links followed. If the cookie is set by a third party (for example, an advertising network) which also monitors traffic on our Sites, this type of cookies may also be used to track your movements across different websites and to create profiles of your general online behavior. Information collected by tracking cookies is commonly used to serve users with targeted online advertising.
We use these cookies to collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and Site usage, which may be stored with an IP address, including details of:
transactions you carry out through our Sites;
fulfillment of your orders;
your visits to our Sites, such as location data, traffic, weblogs, referring web addresses and resources you access, including pages visited and search terms entered.
This personal data is collected indirectly from you, via your activity on the Sites. We may however collect information about you from third parties through Web Analytics.
Some of CCP’s business partners show our advertisements on sites across the internet. In connection with these advertisements and our Sites, we may use certain web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. ("Google") and other partners. Web analytics help us understand how users use our Site and help us advertise online. Such services include, but are not limited to, "Remarketing with Google Analytics" and "Google Display Network Impression Reporting".
To facilitate these web analytics, we often use cookies. Specifically, CCP and its business partners, including Google, use analytical and targeting cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie and the DoubleClick cookie) to:
inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Sites; and
report on how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Sites.
Please note that third parties, such as advertisers, may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
On what grounds does CCP use cookies?
Some cookies are simply required for the operation of the Sites, these are strictly necessary cookies that, for example, enable you to log into secure areas of our Sites. The processing of your personal data through these types of cookies is based on CCP’s legitimate interests of operating secure websites.
The analytical/performance cookies, functionality cookies and targeting cookies are however not necessary in order for CCP to provide services on the Sites. We therefore ask for your consent to apply these cookies when you use our Sites. You can always withdraw your consent via the cookie link on our Sites, by changing your browser settings or communicating the withdrawal to our Data Protection Team.
With respect to services provided by Google, you may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads using the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads.
To whom is your cookie data disclosed?
The information generated by cookies about your use of our Sites (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by our business partners on servers outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). However, we only transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA if such transfer is permitted under the applicable privacy legislation.
Our partners will use this information to evaluate your use of our Sites, compile reports on Site activity for us and provide us other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Our business partners perform these services for us under written confidentiality and data protection obligations. From time to time, our partners may be required to transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where third parties process the information on CCP’s or our partner’s behalf.
How can you exercise your rights provided under data protection legislation?
CCP is committed to ensuring your rights under the European Data Protection Legislation.
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for further information on how you can exercise these rights.
How long do we keep your data?
Cookies can be "persistent", remaining on your device after you have left our Site or can be "session" cookies that are deleted when you close your internet browser.
Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements, we are committed to retaining your personal data only for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the personal data was collected.
Questions about this Cookie Policy
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy or how we manage your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Team at request@privacy.ccpgames.com.
If you are unsatisfied with our response, you are entitled to make a written submission to the respective data protection authorities, including the Icelandic Data Protection Authority (www.personuvernd.is).