http://www.sancho.com/privacy.html
Site Rules & Disclaimers
Sancho's Games doesn't collect or share any information about you, ie,
cookies.
The server logs record information about gameplaying )number of times
games are played). We throw them away
at the end of the month to save space.
By posting messages, uploading files, inputting data, or engaging in any
other form of communication through this service, you are granting e-Life
Corp a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide
license to Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or
display any such communication, and to sublicense to third parties the
unrestricted right to exercise any of the aforementioned rights granted
with respect to the communication.
These grants shall include the right
to exploit any proprietary rights in such communication, including but not
limited to rights under copyright, trademark, servicemark or patent laws
under any relevant jurisdiction.
Our mailing list will soon be managed for us by Doubleclick - see their
privacy policy below. Until then, we aren't doing anything with the data.
Sancho's Free Games works with third parties that serve ads to this
site.
Advertisements served by Sonar Network, using DoubleClick's DART
technology, appear on pages throughout this Web site. Sonar Network
utilizes certain technologies, ie cookies,
to deliver specific
advertisements to
visitors to this site. Privacy issues surrounding this technology and your
choices whether to participate in targeted advertising are disclosed in
their privacy policy, which can be viewed at
http://www.sonar.com/content/privacy.htm.
Third Party Advertising
We use DoubleClick and other third-party advertising companies to
serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information
(not including your name, address, email address or telephone number)
about
your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not having
this information used by these companies, please click here
(www.sonar.com/naiprivacy). In the course of serving advertisements to
this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique
"cookie" on your browser.
Adtegrity.com's Privacy Policy can be found at
http://www.adtegrity.com/privacy.asp