http://www.ageofstrife.com/ucp.php?mode=privacy
HOME
FORUMS
GALLERY
SHOP
WORLD OF TANKS STATS
WORLD OF TANKS SIGNATURES
Portal » Board index
Register Login
Login
Username:
Password:
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Forums
Forum Index
Search
Active Topics
Events
W40K Forums
WFB Forums
LOTR Forum
Other Forums
Gaming Club Forums
Trading Post
Trading Feedback
Helpdesk
Lexicon
Forum Rules
Blogs
Blog Index
Recent Blogs
Popular Blogs
Tools
Vehicle Design Rules (VDR)
Tyranid Design Rules (TDR)
40k Counters
Merchandise
T-Shirts & mugs
Help
FAQ
Term of use
Privacy policy
Helpdesk
Age of Strife - Privacy policy
This policy explains in detail how “Age of Strife” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Age of Strife”, “http://www.ageofstrife.com”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Group”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “Age of Strife” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “Age of Strife” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “Age of Strife”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “Age of Strife” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid e-mail address (hereinafter “your e-mail”). Your information for your account at “Age of Strife” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your e-mail address required by “Age of Strife” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “Age of Strife”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated e-mails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “Age of Strife”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “Age of Strife”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your e-mail, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
Back to login screen
Featured Products
In association with Gaming Figures
Bastion Platoon - 3 Available
B2 Super Battle Droids - In stock
Oak & Iron - Back in stock
Shadow & Pain
Germans 1916-18
Social Links
Age of Strife
board3 Portal - based on phpBB3 Portal
Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group
Protected by Anti-Spam ACP
Portal » Board index
Delete all board cookies • Time zone: Europe/London
Disclaimer : The views and comments entered in these forums are personal and are not necessarily those of the management of this board. The management of this board is not responsible for the content of any external internet sites. Full our full legal disclaimer click here.