http://www.jspuzzles.com/en/terms.php
Upload New Puzzle |
Homepage | Sign In
Terms of use
Last updated: Apr 30, 2019
By using JSPuzzles.com, you accept these terms of use in full.
If you disagree with these terms of use or any part of them, you cannot use this site, and you should exit immediately.
JSPuzzles.com owners, webmasters and staff are collectively referred to herein as "JSPuzzles.com", "the service", "us" or "we".
Disclaimer
There is no warranty of any kind. Consider JSPuzzles.com as an "As is" service. JSPuzzles.com cannot guarantee any part of this site. This includes, but not limited to: Server Uptime, Image storage and Image backups.
The content of the pages of this website is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law
In no event shall JSPuzzles.com or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of the service provided, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
General Terms
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the site, or any other systems or networks connected to the site by hacking, password mining or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the site or any network connected to the site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the site or any network connected to the site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the site, including any JSPuzzles.com accounts not owned by you.
JSPuzzles.com may include links to other third-party websites. These links are provided for your convenience. They do not signify that we endorse the websites. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites.
Copyrights
All images are the copyright of their respective owners. You may not use any of the images on this site for any purpose without the permission of the copyright holder, the owner of each puzzle is mentioned in the bottom of the puzzle page.
All software, documentation and web pages available on this web site (except for the photos) are the copyrighted work of JSPuzzles.com. The use of the puzzles found on this website is subject to a license agreement with the website owners.
All brands, logos or product names are or may be trademarks of and are used to identify products and services of, their respective owners.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us
User Submitted Photos and Puzzles
You understand that all postings, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials ("Content") posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the service, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated.
Visitors shall not use JSPuzzles to upload, transmit, retransmit, store or distribute of any content, including without limitation images, text, data, or other information that, in JSPuzzles's sole discretion:
Violates, attempts to violate, or helps any third party to violate any local, state, federal, international law, ordinance, or regulation,
Infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights of any party.
Is threatening, obscene, indecent, pornographic, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy or that otherwise could adversely affect any individual, group or entity,
Threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction of property, or harms any person.
Victimizes, harasses, degrades, or intimidates an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, sex, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, national origin, immigration status, age, disability, or any other reason,
JSPuzzles staff does not pre-scan uploaded content, JSPuzzles staff have the right in their sole discretion to remove any content from the server and/or from the website.
You may not rely on the availability and accuracy of any content uploaded by you.
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy Page
Back to the Jigsaw homepage
Jigsaw Puzzle Maker
|
Help and Support
|
JSPuzzles' Guestbook
|
Search
|
Contact Us