http://www.ps3home.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Copyright Notice
All content, graphics, images, HTML, and other code used to generate pages is protected by Copyright law and may not be copied without the express consent of PS3Home. Use of editorial content, graphics, HTML, and other code used to generate pages which are owned by PS3Home without prior permission is forbidden. All names, brands, associated imagery and artwork are trademarks and/or copyrighted materials of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Contact copyright@ps3home.co.uk for more information.
Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use set forth below. Any of the policies contained on this site are subject to change, without notice, upon public posting by PS3Home. PS3Home reserves the right not to be responsible for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of any information or software provided on this website (although we have quality control checks). Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information or software provided, including any kind of information or software which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. PS3Home does not hold responsibility for the content of advertisements and promotional creative produced externally that appear on PS3Home.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy statement demonstrates our solid commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all of our Internet-based services.
PS3Home does not sell, change, or release your personal information without your consent to any third parties.
Information gathered through the use of cookies is not related to any personally identifiable details. Many browsers are set to accept cookies. You may prefer to set your browser to refuse cookies. It is possible, however, that some areas of the site will not function properly if you do so.
We use your IP address and browser information to help resolve problems with our server and to gather broad demographic information.
Contact
privacy@ps3home.co.uk
for more information.
Terms of Use
You agree that, while using the PS3Home web site, you shall not:
Upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through this website for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material);
Impersonate, or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity;
Upload, post or publish any messages, images or videos that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise illegal content;
Engage in spamming or flooding; or
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to computer systems or user accounts on this website.
By using this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Get the PS3 Today
RecentPopularComments
Top 5 PS3 Exclusive Games
June 20, 2016
8 Things You Might Not Know About the PS3
June 15, 2016
The Best PS3 Accessories
June 15, 2016
LittleBigPlanet Review
November 26, 2014
MX vs. ATV Supercross Review
November 15, 2014
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11 Review
March 6, 2011
Asa Akira
April 11, 2011
Marijuana Weed Cannabis Ganja Pot
April 13, 2011
Skate 3 Review
March 4, 2011
Top 5 PS3 Exclusive Games
June 20, 2016
Charlie Calvert
while the game is a good one, my criticism is the rigging of...
Tracy Cunha
PS3 ASA AKIRA, IT COULD NOT GET BETTER......
Matthieu de Bosschere
bonjour...
Close
Search for:
Search for:
Close
Log in
Forget?
Don't have an account?