http://www.videopoker.com/terms/
Play
Play Video Poker
Play Keno
Play Contests
Play in the Game Lab
Find Games in Casinos
Player Challenges
My Player Page
My Players Club
Player Directory
Mobile Apps
View Top Scores
Learn
Intro to Video Poker
Current Newsletter
Video Poker Forum
Pro Training
Gold Training
Game Tips
Pay Tables
Superstitions
Do's and Don'ts
Statistics
Dancer's Answers
Training Software
Books and Resources
Test Your Skills
Shop
Upgrade Membership
Membership Gifts
Training Software
Mobile Apps
Computers and Tablets
Books
Help
About VideoPoker.com FAQ & Support
Minimum Requirements
Subscribe to Email
Find Games in Casinos
Testimonials
Contact Us
Responsible Gambling
Pro
About Pro Training
View Features
Ask the Experts
Try/Buy Now
Join
XExit Full Screen
LOG IN
Terms and Conditions
(Please print
these out for your records)
These terms were last updated on September 29, 2020.
VIDEOPOKER.COM and the applications (apps) we develop are non-gambling environments devoted to the
game of video poker and
owned and operated by Action Gaming, Inc. Members of
VideoPoker.com are required to register and to meet certain eligibility
requirements to use the site and applications. There are four types of memberships: Basic
(free) Members, Silver Members,
Gold Members and Pro Members. Silver, Gold and Pro members are
provided benefits that are not available to Basic members.
BY REGISTERING
OR BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEB SITE OR ANY PART OF THE SERVICE PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR APPLICATIONS, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF
THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
SET OUT ON THIS WEB SITE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO CONSENT AND AGREE, THEN YOU
MUST
NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS WEB SITE OR ANY PART OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED.
1.  Virtual Currency
There is never any requirement to make any purchase of any kind to play games on our Website or on our apps.
Our apps may include an opportunity to earn or purchase virtual currency, including but not limited to, virtual coins, virtual points, virtual credits, virtual bonuses and/or virtual chips.
For the purposes of this clause, we use the term virtual currency to represent any virtual currency terminology.
A certain number of free virtual coins will be made available to you to use when you log into our apps at recurring time intervals.
If you exhaust your supply of free virtual coins, you may elect to purchase additional virtual coins and continue to play the games until additional free virtual coins are available to you.
If you wish to purchase virtual coins you will be required to pay using “real world” money.
Virtual coins can never be redeemed or cashed out for “real world” money, goods, or any other item of monetary value from VideoPoker.com or any other party.
You understand that you have no right or title to the virtual coins appearing or
originating in any VideoPoker.com app, whether initially “free” when you log in,
“awarded” in a game or “purchased” from VideoPoker.com. Any purchase of virtual coins from VideoPoker.com is final and not refundable, transferable or exchangeable in any way including selling, gifting or trading.
VideoPoker.com may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate your virtual coins at our sole discretion, and VideoPoker.com will have no liability to you or anyone for exercising those rights.
In addition, all virtual coins are unconditionally forfeited if your account is terminated or suspended for any reason at VideoPoker.com’s sole discretion, or if VideoPoker.com discontinues any app or any portion or feature of any app.
Virtual coins may only be held and purchased if you are legally permitted to purchase such virtual coins in the United States or in your country, province, jurisdiction and/or state of residence.
2.  Web
Site Registration
A.    Initial
account establishment. To register on the site and become a Basic, Silver, Gold or Pro member, you must complete the registration process at
VideoPoker.com and accept the terms and conditions set out in these terms and
conditions.
B.   Continuing
duty and affirmation. At the time you register to use VideoPoker.com and each time you use the Web site, you represent and warrant to Action Gaming that: (i) you are at least twenty one (21) years of age, (ii) the
e-mail address submitted by you is owned or controlled by you; and (iii) all
information you provide is true, accurate, current and complete.
C.   Nickname. When you register on the Web site, we ask for a nickname so that your personal information (name, email, etc.) are not made public on any game play leader boards, contest leader boards, and/or profile pages. If the Nickname is considered offensive to other members or to VideoPoker.com staff, we may ask you to change it. If you don't agree to change your Nickname your membership will be cancelled.
D.   Email. By joining VideoPoker.com, you agree to receive our Monthly eNewsletter and other direct communications from VideoPoker.com by email. These emails will only come from VideoPoker.com. Your email address will not be sold or shared with any third parties for marketing purposes. Each email we send you provides a one-click method to unsubscribe from receiving any future emails.
E.   Privacy. By joining VideoPoker.com and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you also consent to the Privacy Policy.
3.  Player
eligibility
A.   Subject
To Local Laws. You are subject to the laws of the country,
state, city or other legal entity (collectively "Jurisdiction") in
which you reside and/or from which you access the Web site. Access to the site
may not be legal for some or all residents of, or persons present in, certain
Jurisdictions. It is your responsibility to determine the law that applies in the
applicable Jurisdiction, and Action Gaming does not make any representation or
warranty, express or implied, as to the lawfulness of your participation in
services provided on the Web site. Action Gaming does not intend that the Web
site be used by persons present in any Jurisdiction in which the playing of
video poker games for free may be prohibited or restricted. You agree that the
Web site does not constitute an offer, solicitation or invitation by Action
Gaming for the use of any service in any Jurisdiction in which such activities
are prohibited or restricted.
B.   Parental
Control. Parental control protections (such as
computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available
and may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to those
under the legal age.
4.  Basic
(Free) Membership
A.    Services. A Basic (free) membership gives you the chance to play the most popular video
poker games from your computer. In addition, you get:
i.   Access
to certain pages designed to help you
become a better player
ii.  Entrance
in the VideoPoker.com Forum
5.  Silver Membership (where available)
A.   Services. A Silver membership gives you access to the same
services as a Basic (free) member, plus no third party advertising.
B.   Cost of Silver membership.
Silver memberships are available with both monthly and annual price plans. Pricing may vary. Silver memberships are
payable in advance and are non-refundable.
C.   Authorization and billing. By
completing the Silver membership registration, you authorize Action Gaming to
charge applicable recurring Silver membership fees to your designated credit
card or debit card. Silver members are billed on a monthly cycle, which begins
upon Silver member registration and ends one month thereafter. If you have signed
up for an annual Silver membership plan, you are billed one time at the
beginning of each applicable billing period. If you do not cancel before the
end of the period, Action Gaming will automatically renew your Silver
membership plan at the end of the period and you will be billed according to
the plan you are currently on. To avoid uninterrupted service, Silver
membership subscribers agree to update their credit card information in the
Account Information section of the site. This includes credit card number,
expiration date, and/or billing address information.
D.    Changing
fees and billing methods. Action Gaming reserves the
right to change our fees or billing methods at any time. Action Gaming will
post any such changes in this Terms and Conditions section
at least thirty
(30) days before they become effective. You are responsible for reviewing the
terms and conditions section of VideoPoker.com to obtain timely notice of such
changes. Continued use of the service of thirty (30) days after posting of the
changes on VideoPoker.com means that you accept such changes. If you decide
that any change is unacceptable, you may cancel your Silver membership.
E.     Canceling your Silver membership. You may cancel your Silver membership at any time, but
Action Gaming will not refund any remaining portion of your membership fees. To
cancel your Silver membership log in to VideoPoker.com and click on Account Settings for cancellation instructions.
6.  Gold Membership (where available)
A.    Services. Gold members receive access to certain areas of VideoPoker.com that are not
available to Basic members. Gold members receive all of the benefits of free
membership plus:
i.       Credit Tracking
ii.      Challenge
friends or other members to contests.
iii.     No
third party advertising
iv.     A
first look at new games before they hit the casino floor
v.      Discounts
on video poker training software
vi.     Gold Training
vii.    Choose
your own pay tables
B.   Cost of Gold membership. Gold memberships are available with both monthly and annual price plans. Pricing may vary. Gold memberships are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
C.   Authorization
and billing. By completing the Gold membership
registration, you authorize Action Gaming to charge applicable recurring Gold
membership fees to your designated credit card or debit card. Gold members are
billed on a monthly cycle, which begins upon Gold member registration (or at the
end of a limited free trial period, if applicable to a promotion that you
joined through) and ends one month thereafter. If you have signed up for an
annual Gold membership plan, you are billed one time at the beginning of each
applicable billing period. If you do not cancel before the end of the period,
Action Gaming will automatically renew your Gold membership plan at the end of
the period and you will be billed according to the plan you are currently on.
To avoid uninterrupted service, Gold membership subscribers agree to update
their credit card information in the Account Information section of the site.
This includes credit card number, expiration date, and/or billing address
information.
D.   Changing
fees and billing methods. Action Gaming reserves the right to
change our fees or billing methods at any time. Action Gaming will post any
such changes in this Terms and Conditions section
at least thirty (30) days
before they become effective. You are responsible for reviewing the terms and
conditions section of VideoPoker.com to obtain timely notice of such changes.
Continued use of the service of thirty (30) days after posting of the changes
on VideoPoker.com means that you accept such changes. If you decide that any
change is unacceptable, you may cancel your Gold membership.
E.   Canceling your Gold membership. You may cancel your Gold membership at any time, but Action Gaming will not
refund any remaining portion of your membership fees. To cancel your Gold
membership log in to VideoPoker.com and click on Account Settings for cancellation instructions.
F.   Free
trial memberships. VideoPoker.com will occasionally offer
promotional free trial Gold memberships. You must provide credit card
information to register for all free trial offers to the Gold membership
service. If you accept a Gold membership free trial, we will bill your account
when the free trial expires, unless you cancel your free trial before that
time. Only one free trial period is allowed per subscriber.
G.   Gold Merchandise Packages. People who sign up for an annual GOLD membership may be sent a free merchandise package. Items included in the package can vary from time to time depending on merchandise inventory. These packages are only available to residents of the United States and are limited to one per customer.
7.  Pro Membership (where available)
A.    Services. PRO
members receive access to certain areas of VideoPoker.com that are not
available to other members. PRO members receive all of the benefits of GOLD
membership plus all the features in the Pro Training program.
B.    Cost of Pro membership. PRO memberships are available with both monthly and annual price plans. Pricing may vary. PRO memberships are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
C.    Authorization and billing. By completing
the PRO membership registration, you authorize Action Gaming to charge
applicable recurring PRO membership fees to your designated credit card or
debit card. PRO members are billed on a monthly cycle. If you have signed up
for an annual PRO membership plan, you are billed one time at the beginning of
each applicable billing period. If you do not cancel before the end of the
period, Action Gaming will automatically renew your PRO membership plan at the
end of the period and you will be billed according to the plan you are
currently on. To avoid uninterrupted service, PRO membership subscribers agree
to update their credit card information in the Account Information section of
the site. This includes credit card number, expiration date, and/or billing
address information.
D.    Changing fees and billing
methods. Action Gaming reserves the right to change our fees or
billing methods at any time. Action Gaming will post any such changes in this
Terms and Conditions section on at least thirty (30) days before they become
effective. You are responsible for reviewing the terms and conditions section
of VideoPoker.com to obtain timely notice of such changes. Continued use of the
service of thirty (30) days after posting of the changes on VideoPoker.com
means that you accept such changes. If you decide that any change is
unacceptable, you may cancel your PRO membership.
E.    Canceling your PRO membership. You
may cancel your PRO membership at any time, but Action Gaming will not refund
any remaining portion of your membership fees. To cancel your PRO membership
log in to VideoPoker.com and click on Account Settings for cancellation
instructions.
F.    PRO Merchandise Packages. People
who sign up for an annual PRO membership may be sent a free merchandise
package. Items included in the package can vary from time to time depending on
merchandise inventory. Merchandise packages are only available to residents of the
United States and are limited to one per customer.
8.  Pro Training Subscription (where available)
A.    Services.
Pro Training is a set of features designed to help players improve their video
poker play.
B.    Cost of PRO Training. PRO
Training subscriptions are available for $ 6.95 per month or $ 49.95 per year.
PRO Training subscriptions are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
C.    Authorization and billing. By
completing the PRO Training subscription registration, you authorize Action
Gaming to charge applicable recurring PRO Training fees to your designated
credit card or debit card. PRO Training subscribers are billed on a monthly
cycle. If you have signed up for an annual PRO Training subscription, you are
billed one time at the beginning of each applicable billing period. If you do
not cancel before the end of the period, Action Gaming will automatically renew
your PRO Training subscription at the end of the period and you will be billed
according to the plan you are currently on. To avoid uninterrupted service, PRO
Training subscribers agree to update their credit card information in the
Account Information section of the site. This includes credit card number,
expiration date, and/or billing address information.
D.    Changing fees and billing
methods. Action Gaming reserves the right to change our fees or
billing methods at any time. Action Gaming will post any such changes in this
Terms and Conditions section
at least thirty (30) days before they become
effective. You are responsible for reviewing the terms and conditions section
of VideoPoker.com to obtain timely notice of such changes. Continued use of the
service of thirty (30) days after posting of the changes on VideoPoker.com
means that you accept such changes. If you decide that any change is
unacceptable, you may cancel your PRO membership.
E.    Canceling your PRO Training
subscription. You may cancel your PRO Training subscription at any time,
but Action Gaming will not refund any remaining portion of your fees. To cancel
your PRO Training subscription, log in to VideoPoker.com and click on Account
Settings for cancellation instructions.
F.    Free trial subscriptions.
VideoPoker.com will occasionally offer promotional free trial periods of PRO Training.
Only one free trial period is allowed per subscriber.
9.  Site and App Use
A.   You
must obey guidelines and rules. When using the
services on VideoPoker.com, you agree that you are subject to any guidelines,
policies or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted from time to
time. All such guidelines, policies or rules are hereby incorporated by
reference into these terms. You fully accept that all computer instructions and
responses sent over the Internet to and from VideoPoker.com will be binding on
you.
B.   Computer
errors. You acknowledge that full freedom from
errors and incompleteness is impossible to achieve with respect to Web sites.
If you become aware that the Web site contains any errors please notify
VideoPoker.com by e-mail at support@videopoker.com.
C.   Game
credits. During game play on VideoPoker.com, users
start with a certain amount of credits. These credits can accumulate over time
and have no monetary value. We reserve the right to change a member’s
accumulated credit at any time.
D.   Conduct. Participation on the forum, chat rooms, and other member interaction features shall be conducted according to the following guidelines. Failure to abide by these guidelines may result in the restriction of these services for any member at the discretion of the site administrators.
No personal attacks on other members
No use of abusive or vulgar language
No profanity or hate speech
No links to pornographic material
No nuisance behavior, determined at the discretion of the administrators
No solicitation of donations for any cause, personal or otherwise
No
promoting or linking to other unauthorized Web sites (at the discretion
of the administrators), which may be deemed as advertising. Advertising
rights may be purchased by contacting our advertising team.
Attempting to dominate the chat with nonsense or making hateful comments based on race, religion, etc. will invite administrative action. In this case, we reserve the right to make
a subjective call and warn and/or ban the offending user.
E.   Automated Technology. It is not permitted to use automated programs to play the games
in any way.
F.    Multiple Browsers and Devices. It is not permitted to play on more than one device or browser at the same time using the same account or to play more than one game at the same time using the same account.
G.   Malicious acts.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not cheat, attempt to cheat, or
otherwise interrupt or attempt to interrupt or harm the operations of
VideoPoker.com or any particular VideoPoker.com service or game. If Action Gaming believes, at its sole discretion, that you have engaged, or attempted to
engage, in any act to cheat, use automated technology or otherwise unfairly
alter your likelihood of increasing your credits, earning pounts, or to
otherwise commit fraud with regard to the Site, then, in such an event, you
will forfeit all prizes or earnings to which you may otherwise be entitled and
your membership will be cancelled.
H.   Data usage. When playing or browsing on a mobile device or metered internet connection, data rates may apply. Contact your carrier for applicable data rates.
10.  Players
Club
(where available)
A.   Membership to the Players Club is free to all members.
B.   The maximum number of points a member can earn per day from play is 5,000. Once 5,000 points are earned, members can continue to play – they just won’t earn Players Club points.
C.   All Players Club point accumulations are subject to review and verification by VideoPoker.com without notice to the member to ensure compliance with these Rules, Terms, and Conditions.
D.   VideoPoker.com reserves the right to adjust point balances due to computer error, fraud or other misuse.
E.   Players Club points have no cash value.
F.  	Players Club points cannot be transferred, sold, or bartered.
G.   All redemptions are final unless otherwise modified at the sole discretion of VideoPoker.com.
H.  Merchandise redemption is only available
for shipping within the United States.
I.  	VideoPoker.com
may engage in strategic relationships, which may result in the accumulation of Players Club points.
J.   All decisions regarding the interpretation of the rules, terms, and conditions, eligibility, etc. for the Players Club program lie solely with VideoPoker.com whose decisions are final.
If VideoPoker.com denies a member Players Club points, the member’s sole remedy shall be the issuance of the denied points, if available, by VideoPoker.com at its sole discretion.
K.  	If any Member has not complied with these rules, terms and conditions in any manner, as determined by VideoPoker.com, VideoPoker.com may terminate the member's participation in the Players Club program.
In lieu of termination, VideoPoker.com may at its sole discretion deduct Players Club points from a member’s account but permit the individual to remain a VideoPoker.com member.
L.  	Members can not gain referral points by referring themselves. In the event a member attempts to refer himself or herself, the member's participation in the Players Club will be terminated and the member’s current point balance will be set to zero.
M.   Members cannot gain points through automating play.
If VideoPoker.com determines that a member has engaged in automating play, the member’s participation in the Players Club will be terminated and the member’s current point balance will be set to zero.
N.  	Once a member has redeemed a GOLD membership prize, he or she is not eligible for any free GOLD membership trial memberships.
O.   In order for a member to gain Players Club points from a member referral, the referred member must play at least 100 hands on VideoPoker.com after he or she joins, and the referred member must play a game that tracks Players Club points (Some Keno and 3rd party games do not track points).
P.  	To receive credit for a member referral, the new referred member must join from specific Web address or enter the correct referral code upon registration and be using a Web browser with security settings that allow for the tracking of this information.
Q.   VideoPoker.com reserves the right to modify or cancel this program at any time, for any reason.
R.  	By participating in this program, participants agree to the rules, terms, and conditions.
S.  	In no event shall VideoPoker.com or its respective officers, directors, employees, contractors or agents be liable to any member or anyone claiming through a member, for any direct, indirect, or consequential damages arising out of any acts or omissions by VideoPoker.com in connection with the Players Club.
11.  Contests (where available)
A.   Rules. You shall accept and abide by the contest rules set forth on the contest rules
Web page, to be amended from time to time.
B.   Malicious acts.
You acknowledge and agree that you shall not cheat, attempt to cheat, or
otherwise interrupt or attempt to interrupt or harm the operations of
VideoPoker.com or any particular VideoPoker.com service or contest. If Action Gaming believes, at its sole discretion, that you have engaged, or attempted to
engage, in any act to cheat, use automated technology or otherwise unfairly
alter your likelihood of increasing your credits, winning a contest, or to
otherwise commit fraud with regard to the Site, then, in such an event, you
will forfeit all prizes or winnings to which you may otherwise be entitled and
your membership will be cancelled.
C. One account per individual. Each individual is only permitted to participate in a contest with one account. If Action Gaming believes, at its sole discretion, that a player has participated in a contest under more than one account, their scores may be invalidated or their account may be closed completely.
D. Prize checks. Prizes will be issued in the name of the account holder only.
A first and last name are required in order to participate in a contest. First and last name are used for the issuing of prizes and are not available to the public. Once established, the account holder name may not be changed. It is the responsibility of the player to ensure their account is listed under a name for which they will be able to receive payment.
E.   Eligibility. To win contest prizes on VideoPoker.com, you must be a least 21 years old as of
your date of entry in the contest, and a legal resident of the United States or
Canada. Winners of prizes are solely responsible for any applicable taxes,
including, but not limited to, all federal, state and local income taxes. For
contest winners, you may be required to provide certain additional information,
such as social security number, etc. in order to process the prizes.
F.   Right
to cancel contests. If Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com, its parents,
affiliates, managers, or directors determines that operating a contest is not
feasible for any reason, including, but not limited to, a change in the risk of
operating the contests, or insufficient participation in the contests, then the
contest may be ended by Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com and Action Gaming or
VideoPoker.com shall owe you nothing. Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com, its
parents, affiliates, managers, or directors, may in their sole and absolute
discretion have a drawing for any prize in the event that any contest is cancelled.
12.  Host Competition and Spin Purchases (where available)
A.   Description. A Host Competition will take place to determine a contest host for a Members Rule contest, as described here.
B.   Spin Purchases.
Purchased spins may be used at any time and may be saved for future weeks. Purchased spins operate the same as free spins and the odds on each spin are equal. Purchased spins are for one additional entry in the Host Competition to become the host of the following week's Members Rule Contest. Purchased spins are not refundable or transferable and have no cash value. There is no prize available in the Host Competition and purchasing spins does not increase your chance of winning a prize in any contest. Purchases for the Host Competition do not impact your participiation in the Members Rule Contest, which is free to participate in at all times with equal access for all eligible players.
C. One account per individual. Each individual is only permitted to participate in a Host Competition with one account. If Action Gaming believes, at its sole discretion, that a player has participated
under more than one account, their scores may be invalidated or their account may be closed completely.
D.   Right
to cancel. If Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com, its parents,
affiliates, managers, or directors determines that operating the Host Competition is not
feasible for any reason, including, but not limited to, a change in the risk of
operating the competition, or insufficient participation, then the
competition may be ended by Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com and Action Gaming or
VideoPoker.com shall owe you nothing.
13.  No Warranty
A.   Your
use of this site is at your sole risk.
B.   All
materials, information, software, products and services included in or available
through this site (“Materials”) are provided “as is” and “as available” for
your use. THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Without
limiting the foregoing, Action Gaming, VideoPoker.com, its subsidiaries, and
its licensors do not warrant that the materials are accurate, reliable or
correct; that the site will meet your requirements; that the site will be
available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any
defects or errors will be corrected; or that the materials are free of viruses
or other harmful components. Any materials downloaded or otherwise obtained
through the use of the site are downloaded at your own risk and you will be
solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that
results from such download.
C.   No
advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Action
Gaming or VideoPoker.com or through or from the site shall create any warranty
not expressly stated in the terms.
D.   Action
Gaming or VideoPoker.com does not warrant any client software you may download
from the site or from related sites. All materials, information, client
software, products and services included in or available through this site
(“Client Materials”) are provided “as is” and “as available” for your use. THE
CLIENT MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Without
limiting the foregoing, Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com, its subsidiaries, and
its licensors do not warrant that the client materials are accurate, reliable
or correct; that the site will meet your requirements; that the client
materials or site will be available at any particular time or location,
uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors in the client materials
will be corrected; or that the client materials are free of viruses or other
harmful components. Any client materials downloaded or otherwise obtained
through the use of the site are downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely
responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results
from such download.
E.   There are minimum requirements for a system and/or device to be able to operate the games successfully which may change from time to time. These requirements can be found at http://www.videopoker.com/requirements/
14.  Limitation of Liability
In
no event shall Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com, its subsidiaries, or its
licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special,
consequential or exemplary damages, including, without limitation, damages for
loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, that result
from the use of, or inability to use, this site, including unauthorized access
to or alterations to your transmissions of data. Under no circumstances will
Action Gaming or VideoPoker.com be responsible for any damage, loss or injury
resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the
site or your account or the information contained therein. This limitation of
liability section applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract,
tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if Action Gaming
or VideoPoker.com has been advised of the possibility of such damage.
15. Sole Remedy
In
any event, your sole and exclusive remedy for any liability relating to or
arising out of the service or this agreement, regardless of the form in which
any legal or equitable action may be brought, shall be for you to discontinue
your use of the service and terminate this agreement.
16. Indemnity
You
agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Action Gaming and VideoPoker.com
and its parent, subsidiaries, agents, managers, and other affiliated companies,
and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from all
liabilities, actions, claims and expenses, including legal fees, asserted by
any third party, governmental body or governmental agency, arising out of or
relating to: (a) this agreement; (b) your use of the web site, including any
data or work transmitted or received by you or any service provider; (c) your
connection to any VideoPoker.com site; (d) your violation of this agreement;
(e) your violation of any gaming regulations, edicts or laws to which the you
are subject; or (f) your violation of any rights of a third party or service
provider.
17.
Entire Agreement
This
Agreement contains the entire agreement between you and Action Gaming or
VideoPoker.com regarding the use of the Web site and services and supersedes
all prior writings, agreements and oral understandings or statements. By
accessing this Web site and checking the "I Accept" box, you
represent that you have read this agreement in its entirety, understand its
terms, are duly authorized to execute this agreement on behalf of yourself, and
you will be bound by these terms.
Play
Play authentic video poker just like the casino
Play video-poker
Play keno
VideoKeno.com
Play contests
Find in casinos
Player challenges
My Player Page
Players Club
Player directory
Mobile apps
View top scores
Video poker for Android
Video poker for iPhone / iPad
Learn
Make the most of your casino experience
Intro to video poker
Current newsletter
Video Poker Forum
Pro Training
Gold Training
Game tips
Pay tables
Superstitions
Do's and don'ts
Statistics
Dancer's Answers
Training software
Books and resources
Test your skills
Shop
Browse and purchase video poker related items
Upgrade membership
Membership gifts
Training software
Mobile apps
Computers and tablets
Books
Help
Discover new features,
get technical support
About VideoPoker.com
Account settings
FAQ & support
Minimum requirements
Subscribe to email
Testimonials
Contact us
©
2020
Action Gaming, Inc. - All Rights Reserved. v1.1d
Privacy Policy CCPA Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Info Cookie Policy Terms Advertise Affiliates Responsible Gambling
This site uses cookies for personalized content and analytics. By continuing to use this site, you agree to this use.
Close
Member Login
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Create new account
Cancel