https://www.goldeneaglecasino.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Golden Eagle Casino values you as a guest and respects your privacy. This privacy policy describes the practices of Golden Eagle and our web site.Personal Information
Personal information is information that identifies you. We collect information that you voluntarily provide. Some examples would be your date of birth, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number and gaming activity. This information is used to market and promote the many services and entertainment options we offer. Golden Eagle has no intention of collecting information from any guest that is under 21 years of age. We reserve the right to verify age at any time.
Non-Personal Information
Non-Personal Information is information about you or your activities that can not be used to personally identify you. When you use the internet, certain information may be transmitted to the web sites you visit. This information can include your IP address, geographic location, the domain name of the Web site that linked you to our site, what pages you look at and what information you download.
Cookies
When you visit some web sites, ‘cookies' are used to help recognize and serve you. Cookies are saved on your computer and help gather information like web pages visited and links clicked. These help us to track things like the percentage of repeat visitors and visitor preferences.
How we use this Information
We do not sell, rent or lease this information to third parties. If we use personal or non-personal information it will be in an effort to enhance your guest experience.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Some instances where we may share your information with a Third Party are as follows:
To coordinate with your enrollment in a Responsible Gaming Program
To comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements of government authorities
To protect and defend Golden Eagle Casino and the Kickapoo Tribe in Kansas
To prevent fraud, physical harm or threats to public safety
To enforce the Terms of Use for our web site
Our web site may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Changes to this Policy
This policy is governed by the laws of the Kickapoo Tribe in Kansas. We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. When this policy is revised, it will be posted as such on our web site.
Terms of Use
Purpose: To provide guidelines to minimize risk associated with collection of personal information, permitting third party service providers to have access to of our server, transmitting personal information outside of the website’s secure system or across public networks, serving third party cookies etc.
Scope: This procedure applies to all pages of the Golden Eagle Casino web site.
Statement A link will appear on every page of Golden Eagle Casino’s web site. This link will be called “Terms of Use” and when it is selected, a separate window will pop-up with the following statement:
The information and content of this web site belongs to Golden Eagle Casino and is available for viewing only. You may download and / or print a copy of the information provided for your internal use, but further use is a violation of our terms of use policy. Reprinting or electronically reproducing any document or other media content in whole or part for any other purpose is expressly prohibited unless prior written consent is granted from the respective copyright holder.
In turn, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use any content you post on this web site or any social media site ((i. e.) Facebook) associated with Golden Eagle for any purpose.
All contents of this web site, including but not limited to all information text, theme of design, photographs, graphics, audio, video, documents, images and other materials are owned by Golden Eagle Casino.
Our web site may offer links to other web sites as a service to you. We do not control third party web sites and they do not abide by our Terms of Use. Golden Eagle Casino does not endorse or take any responsibility for the content or practices of those web sites and as such will not be held responsible for any of their content or other materials.
If you are a person younger than 18 years of age, you may NOT submit Personal Information to our web site or to us. Pursuant to our Tribal State Compact, Golden Eagle Casino does not allow guests under the age of 18 to play Bingo and guests under the age of 21 to take part in any other gaming we offer.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of our services or any system or networks connected to our services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Golden Eagle Casino server by hacking, password ‘mining’ or any other illegitimate means.
You are and shall remain solely responsible for any User Generated content posted on our web site and in public forums.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, Golden Eagle reserves the right to terminate your access for any violation of these terms of use or other applicable laws in our sole and reasonable discretion. Your access may be terminated in these cases to Golden Eagle Casino content, Kickapoo Tribe in Kansas content and Public Forums (i. e. Chats, Twitter, Facebook Pages, Facebook Applications, Wikis and Blogs) associated with Golden Eagle Casino and the Kickapoo Tribe in Kansas.
This policy is governed by the laws of the Kickapoo Tribe in Kansas. We reserve the right to revise this Terms of Use policy at any time without notice. When this policy is revised, it will be posted as such on our web site.