http://www.skotos.net/help/PrivacyPolicy.html
SKOTOS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting a Skotos Tech, Inc.’s ("Skotos") web site. Skotos provides this privacy policy to inform you of our practices with respect to the collection and use of information about visitors to our site. It applies to our web sites, Skotos Tech Games (www.skotos.net), RPGnet (www.rpg.net), and Xenagia (www.xenagia.net). By using these sites, you consent to the following terms.
Collection of Information. You may anonymously visit this site to learn about Skotos, its products and services. Skotos may collect certain generic information about visitors to our site (e.g., duration of visit, pages accessed, browser type, etc.) that does not enable us to identify you. We may also collect your IP address, but this information generally does not reveal your identity.
Skotos also collects the personally identifiable information that you provide to us on the registration form, such as name, age, phone number, e-mail address, credit card number, billing address and shipping address.
Cookies. In order to personalize your web page and enhance the user experience, Skotos uses "cookies", small files that are sent to your browser and stored on your hard drive to facilitate and record how and when you use the site. The only personally identifiable information that these cookies contain about you is the same information that you have already chosen to provide to Skotos.
Use of Information. Skotos uses the personally identifiable information that you submit to us on your registration form to provide you with any products or services that you have requested, to respond to your correspondence and to contact you when reasonably necessary. Skotos may also use this information for internal research and marketing purposes.
Disclosure of Information. Skotos may share your personally identifiable information with its subsidiaries, who may use such information in the same manner as Skotos may use it. Skotos may use certain third party vendors (e.g., credit card processors) to assist us in providing you with the requested goods and services. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to such vendors who have entered into a contract with us that protects the confidentiality of your information and permits the vendor to use it only as reasonably necessary to fulfill its contract with Skotos. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority. Finally, we may disclose your personally identifiable information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of Skotos’ assets or stock in Skotos’ line of business to which this privacy policy relates or upon any other corporate reorganization, but only after ascertaining that the other entity agrees to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy with respect to data collected hereunder. Skotos may also disclose aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about its users to Skotos’ partners, suppliers and other third parties.
Security Measures. Skotos employs procedural and technological measures, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service, reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. For example, Skotos currently stores and transmits its data on secure servers and lines.
Policy Changes. Skotos reserves the right to change this privacy policy, and will post any revisions on this web site. Your continued use of this web site will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
Questions and Updates. If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy practices, or you wish to update or correct any personally identifiable information that you have chosen to provide to us, please feel free to contact us at privacy@skotos.net.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Skotos Forums
Contact Us
FAQs
Glossary
Sitemap