https://www.gearboxsoftware.com/cookie-policy/
Gearbox Software Cookie Policy
Last Updated: February 2020
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Sites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Sites and to improve our Sites. This Cookie Policy provides you with information about the types of cookies we use and the purposes for using those cookies, and applies to our Sites that link to or display this Cookie Policy.
For a detailed list of all the cookies used by our Sites, please read and review our Cookie List found here: https://gearboxsoftware.com/cookie-policy/cookie-list/
Please read this Cookie Policy carefully for more about why we use cookies and your choices regarding cookies.
What Is A Cookie?
Cookies are very small text files that are placed on your device when you visit some websites, applications, or other web-based services (collectively, the “Sites”). Your browser sends these cookies back to the Sites on each subsequent visit so that they can remember things like preferences. You can remove any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may prevent you from using parts of our Sites.
Types Of Cookies
First and Third-Party Cookies: We use both first-party and third-party cookies on our Sites. Whether a cookie is ‘first’ or ‘third’ party refers to the domain placing the cookie. First-party cookies are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by GearboxSoftware.com). Third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent Cookies: These cookies remain on a user’s device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session Cookies: These cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
What Cookies Do We Use and Why?
We use Necessary, Functionality, Performance, and Targeting cookies.
Necessary (Essential). Allow you to move around the Sites and use essential features like secure areas. These cookies are a condition of using our Sites and services. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services. We use these cookies to do the following: to remember information you have entered on forms during a web browser session; to identify you as being logged into our Sites; for security purposes; and to route users to specific applications of a service, or specific servers.
Functionality. Used to provide services or remember settings to improve your visit. We use these cookies to remember settings you’ve applied, such as language and store selection; if we’ve already asked you if you want to fill in a selection; show you when you’re logged into the Sites; and to provide and show embedded video content. Some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties.
Performance and Analytics. Collect information about how you use our Sites (e.g., which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors). They are used to help us improve how the Sites works, understand the interests of our users, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. We use Performance cookies to compile statistics on how our Sites is used; to see how effective our advertisements are, including those on third-party sites; to provide feedback to partners that one of our visitors also visited their website; to help us improve the Sites by measuring any errors that occur; and to test different designs of our Sites.
Targeting. Used to track your visit to the Sites, as well as other websites, apps and online services, including the pages you have visited and the links you have followed, which allows Gearbox to display targeted ads to you on or off the Sites. We use Targeting cookies to link to services provided by third parties, such as ‘Like’ buttons and ‘Share’ buttons. Third parties provide these services in return for recognizing that you have visited our Sites. We also use Targeting cookies to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with ads in which you may be interested.
Your Choices
We read or write cookies for the preference level you set when you visit one of our Sites. Please note that cookies set before you changed your settings will still be on your computer, but we will honor your cookie settings when we read cookies. You can remove them using your browser settings.
How To Change Your Cookie Preferences
You may opt-out of certain cookies or change your cookie preferences for our Sites as described below, through our cookie preference manager here: COOKIE SETTINGS
How To Delete And Block Our Cookies Through Browser Settings
You may also delete, block, or disable one or more cookies via your browser settings; see below for more information on how to do this. Please note that disabling certain cookies will affect the functionality of our Sites and may prevent you from being able to access certain features on the Sites.
Deleting cookies means that any preference settings you have made on a website will be lost. If you’ve set your preferences to opt out of cookies, this setting will be lost too, as that information is stored in a cookie. Blocking all cookies means functionality on our websites will be lost, as described above. We don’t recommend turning all cookies off when using our websites.
If you want to reduce your cookie settings at any time – for example, if you accept all cookies, but later decide you don’t want a certain type of cookie – you’ll need to use your browser settings to remove any third party cookies dropped on your previous visit.
For further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage your cookies using the most popular browsers below.
Google Chrome
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Firefox
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
Safari
https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Internet Explorer
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Additional information about individual opt-out programs is available on the World Privacy Forum website at https://www.worldprivacyforum.org. You may opt out of certain targeted advertising by multiple third-party advertising networks at one time if they belong to the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website at https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website at https://www.aboutads.info/ to select the applicable networks. For visitors from the European Union, visit Your Online Choices at https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ On your mobile device, you may adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive targeted advertising.
© 2020 Gearbox Software, LLC. All rights reserved.
EULA
FORUMS
PLAYTESTING
PRESS RELEASES
GEARBOX PUBLISHING
PRIVACY
COOKIES
TOS
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Sites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Sites and to improve our Sites. This Cookie Policy provides you with information about the types of cookies we use and the purposes for using those cookies, and applies to our Sites that link to or display this Cookie Policy.
COOKIE SETTINGSACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary (Essential)
Necessary (Essential)
Always Enabled
Allow you to move around the Sites and use essential features like secure areas. These cookies are a condition of using our Sites and services. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services. We use these cookies to do the following: to remember information you have entered on forms during a web browser session; to identify you as being logged into our Sites; for security purposes; and to route users to specific applications of a service, or specific servers.
Performance and Analytics
analytics
Collect information about how you use our Sites (e.g., which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors). They are used to help us improve how the Sites works, understand the interests of our users, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. We use Performance cookies to compile statistics on how our Sites is used; to see how effective our advertisements are, including those on third-party sites; to provide feedback to partners that one of our visitors also visited their website; to help us improve the Sites by measuring any errors that occur; and to test different designs of our Sites.
Functionality
functional
Used to provide services or remember settings to improve your visit. We use these cookies to remember settings you’ve applied, such as language and store selection; if we’ve already asked you if you want to fill in a selection; show you when you’re logged into the Sites; and to provide and show embedded video content. Some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties.
Targeting
targeting
Save & Accept