http://www.shinegame.com/company/privacy-policy.html
Free Game Downloads PC Games Mac Games Hidden Object Games
Home
PC Games
Mac Games
iPhone/iPad Games
Online Games
3D Screensavers
Features
Privacy Policy
ShineGame.com Privacy Policy: Updated Nov 10, 2010
Please read this document carefully before accessing the content on this web site.
ShineGame.com respects your right to privacy. We understand the sensitive nature of privacy issues and we take appropriate actions to ensure that your confidentiality is protected. ShineGame.com provides this privacy policy to inform you of our web site practices with respect to the way your information is collected and used.
Information Collection and Use
ShineGame.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. ShineGame.com may sell or transfer Personal Information to third parties in connection with any merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in capital structure, sale of all or substantially all of its assets. When purchasing games from us, or from one of our ecommerce partners, your Personal Information is encrypted. We do not store your complete credit card information for your personal protection. We may transfer Personal Information to third parties, who are under contract, as necessary to provide a product or service that an individual purchased or ordered from ShineGame.com. ShineGame.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
All games on this website are free to download unless stated contrarily, in order to use these games after a trial period or access to full features of them, a user may first pay an amount of money to register them.
If you make a purchase from us through our site, we will ask you to provide certain information, including your contact details (such as your name, address, telephone and email), and your billing information (such as your credit card number and the date that your card expires). We will use this information to process your transaction and to contact you regarding your purchase if necessary. We will share this information with our payment processor to the extent necessary to facilitate your purchase (for purposes such as customer service, verification, fulfillment and billing purposes). We will not sell or rent your personal billing information to any third party.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Your personal information is highly protected by our e-commerce providers.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we ShineGame.com are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. when users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - ssl. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing". To learn more about ssl, follow this link http://www.ssl.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Thank you for your attention. Enjoy our free addicting casual games!
Trusted Site to Download Games
Download Games
All Games
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
RSS
ShineGame.com - free game downloads including action & arcade, puzzle, word, card & board, strategy, mahjong, time management, match 3 and hidden object games.Copyright © 2004 - 2012 All Rights Reserved. | ShineGame.com - Free Computer Game Downloads | Privacy Policy