http://www.mediamond.fi/privacy/
Friday 11th December 2020
Site Contents
Home
Deluxe Ski Jump 4
Deluxe Ski Jump 3
Deluxe Ski Jump 2
News
Forum
T-Shirts
Press
Company
Latest News
2020-11-21
DSJ2 for Android released!
2020-11-13
DSJ4 v1.7.0 released!
2020-02-04
Tour de DSJ 2020 will be competed February 17th - February 23rd!
2019-06-02
DSJ 20th Anniversary Tournament will be competed on July 4th, 2019!
Privacy Policy
Mediamond respects your privacy. We collect and use your personal data only when it is necessary for the purposes defined in this policy.
We won't disclose your personal data to any third parties without your express consent unless required by law.
Purpose of Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data for the following reasons:
To fulfill our contractual obligations to you
Delivering the license keys
Running the gaming services
To comply with our legal obligations
Accounting
Taxation
To protect our legitimate interests
Handling our relationship with you
Ensuring IT security
Fraud prevention
The processing of data is based on Articles 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of General Data Protection Regulation.
Data Collected on Purchase
We collect the following data when you buy gaming services from us:
Your personal data
Full name
Mail address
E-Mail address
IP address
Information about the purchase
Type of service
Date of purchase
Amount paid and applicable taxes
We will retain this information until you expressly terminate your customer relationship with us, or minimum of 10 years for taxation purposes.
If you buy our services using PayPal, your personal data will be processed by PayPal according to its Privacy Policy.
Data Collected in Online Gaming Services
Hill Records
You have an option to submit your hill records from our games to our web server. If you choose to do so, your name, nationality, hill records, online rating, and replays of jumps will be publicly visible to other players of the game and to visitors of our web site.
You may request removal of your hill records and other publicly visible personal statistics from our website at any time.
Online Game
You have an option to play our games in online mode. In the online mode other players will see your name and nationality and may download replays of your jumps. The results from the online tournaments may be published on our website and on other media. Your online game sessions and chat messages will not be logged by us.
Other Sources of Data
E-Mails / Private messages
We save the e-mails and private messages from you, so that we can serve you further.
Web Forum
Your postings to the web forum along with your username will be visible to other visitors of our website. You may request removal of your forum account and postings at any time.
Server Logs
We log requests to our servers to ensure IT security, and to gather usage statistics in aggregate form. The server logs may include your IP address and related information provided by your client software. We will retain the server logs up to 1 year.
Cookies
We use only essential first-party cookies which are required for the functionality of our web site. Maximum lifetime for the cookies is 1 year.
Recipients of Personal Data
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent.
Transfer of Personal Data to Third Countries
We will not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area without your consent.
Your Individual Rights
You have right to access, rectify, restrict the processing of, and remove your personal data upon a signed request sent to us. Removal of data may be subject to restrictions due to our legal obligations or legitimate interests.
You have also right to object to the processing of your personal data.
Profiling and Automatic Decision Making
We will not use your personal data for profiling or automatic decision making.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may revise our privacy policy from time to time without diminishing your rights. In case of substantial changes, we will publish a notification on our website in advance.
Complaints
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or issues related to processing of your personal data.
You can contact us via email at privacy@mediamond.fi.
You may also lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority if you consider that we have infringed your rights with regards to General Data Protection Regulation.
Controller
Mediamond Tmi
Ullantorppa 4 A 9
FI-02750 Espoo
FINLAND
E-mail:
privacy@mediamond.fi
Effective: May 25th, 2018.
Copyright © Jussi Koskela 2020
Contact:
info@mediamond.fi
Privacy Policy