http://www.thewrestlinggame.com/wg/privacy.html
Privacy
Cookies and Privacy
The personal data you provide may only be disclosed to public or private entities if required by law, regulation or legislation.
The Wrestling Game may use your usage information for analysis, statistics, communications and special offers provided directly or by third parties.
If you so desire, you may petition The Wrestling Game to reveal the existence of personal data related to you, as detailed in art. 31 L. 675/96.
Your information may only be used for legitimate purposes relating to commercial or promotional endeavours.
Cookies and How They Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Offer you free services/content (thanks to advertising)
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below.
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies, we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies. We use cookies to make our website work. There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party Social Website Cookies
So you can easily share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter, we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Third party visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics, such as how many people have visited our website; what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows, which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies); how long they spend on the site; what page they look at, etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These programs also tell us how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before, helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
Advertising Cookies
Cookies are widely used in online advertising. We, advertisers or our advertising partners cannot gain personally identifiable information from these cookies.
We use:
Adsense, DoubleClick, owned by Google
Banner Adverts
We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site. These adverts may be managed by a partner specialising in providing adverts for multiple sites. Invariably these partners place cookies to collect anonymous data about the websites you visits so they can personalise the adverts to you, ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately report to advertisers on which adverts are working.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (learn how here). Doing so, however, will likely limit the functionality of our and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
It may be that your concerns around cookies relate to so called 'spyware'. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser, you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh. If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
Data Controller: Coppini Trading (pty) Ltd - 85 Jonkershoek Road - 7600 Stellenbosch - South Africa