http://www.capcom-europe.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
CE Europe Limited Privacy Policy
Last Updated on: 25 May 2018
Your privacy is important to us, and we are serious about protecting your personal data. This policy describes how we, CE Europe Limited, a UK company located at The Metro Building, 1 Butterwick, Hammersmith London W6 8DL, process your personal data in the following situations:
a) when you use our online services (e.g. websites);
b) when you contact us for technical support or general queries as an end-user;
c) when you participate in our marketing activities (e.g. competitions);
d) when you apply for a position with us; and
e) when you are working for our vendors, customers or other business partners (e.g. press) and provide us with your personal data.
Please note that this policy does not apply to services operated by other Capcom group companies (e.g. Capcom Co., Ltd., Capcom U.S.A., Inc.), such as ‘CAPCOM Account’, ‘Resident Evil.Net’ and ‘Capcom Unity’.
1. Information we collect
The information we collect differs depending on the situation.
a) Information you provide us directly
We collect information you provided us, which may include:
• Your name, email address, postal address and telephone number;
• Information you provide when you contact us for technical support, such as account information and any issues you experience;
• Information you provide to enter a competition or contest, such as social media account information and national identification; and
• Payment information when you enter into a business relationship with us, such as bank account information.
b) Other information we collect when you use our online services
We collect other information automatically when you use our online services (e.g. website), including:
• IP address;
• Browser information including your browser type and the language you prefer;
• Information stored and collected from your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
You can find more details about Cookies at www.capcom-europe.com/cookies
c) Information provided to us by third parties
We may receive your information from third parties (e.g. staff agencies) in the course of recruitment activities. In such a case, we collect information you provided to such third parties, which may include your name, work history and academic background.
2. How we use your information
We will process your personal data for the purposes listed below. If we process your personal data for any other purpose, we will inform you of such purpose promptly, and when required by the applicable law, seek your consent for such processing (e.g. sending newsletters).
a) When you use our online services (e.g. websites)
We will process your personal data where it is necessary for the following purposes:
• Providing the relevant online service that you requested;
• Web audience measuring.
These purposes are in our legitimate interests of providing and improving our products or services.
b) When you contact us for technical support or general queries as an end-user
We will process your personal data where it is necessary for the following purposes:
• Responding to correspondence (e.g. queries, feedback or fan letters);
• Improving our products or services concerned.
These purposes are in our legitimate interests of providing good customer service and improving our products or services.
c) When you participate in our marketing activities (e.g. competitions)
We will process your personal data where it is necessary for the following purposes:
• Performance of the contract between you and us with regard to such marketing activities;
• Statistical research about our products or services concerned;
• Improving our products or services concerned.
These purposes are in our legitimate interests of carrying out more effective marketing activities and improving our products or services.
d) When you apply for a position with us
We will process your personal data where it is necessary for the following purposes:
• Assessing your fitness for the position and, when necessary, continuing the recruitment process;
This purpose is in our legitimate interests of carrying out our recruitment activity.
e) When you are working for our vendors, customers or other business partners (e.g. press) and provide us with your personal data
We will process your personal data where it is necessary for the following purposes:
• Performance of the contract between you (or your company) and us or taking steps at your request prior to entering into such contract;
• Contacting you with regard to the business relationship between you and us;
• Credit analysis;
• Keeping a record of our payment;
• Keeping a database of our vendors and customers, as well as our contracts;
These purposes are in our legitimate interests of maintaining, performing and recording the business relationship between you and us.
In addition to the above items (a) through (e), we store your personal data included in emails sent or received by our email addresses (including but not limited to those ending in @capcom.com) for archival purposes, which is in our legitimate interests of keeping an archive of our general correspondence.
3. What happens if you refuse to provide your information
You are not obliged to provide your personal data, but it may be necessary in order to enter into a contract, especially in the context of our marketing activities, recruitment process or business relationships. If you refuse to provide your personal data, it may limit our ability to provide you with our services or customer support.
4. How we store your information
Personal data we collect is stored in secure operational environments that are designed so as not to be accessible by the public. Your personal data will be stored only for the period necessary for the specified processing purposes. After such period has elapsed, your personal data may be kept in a form which no longer permits identification (anonymization), or solely for statistical purposes with appropriate technical and organisational security measures.
5. Information we share with third parties
We may share your personal data with our contractors or other service providers solely for the specified processing purposes. In addition, we may share your personal data with other Capcom group companies, including Capcom Co., Ltd., a Japanese company located at 3-1-3 Uchihirano-machi, Chuo-ku, Osaka 540-0037, Japan, mainly for archival purposes or in the context of business relationships, both as described in Section 2 of this policy. Some recipients will be in a country outside the EEA that does not provide an adequate level of protection. We will ensure that such recipients will be bound by appropriate safeguards, mainly either standard data protection clauses or binding corporate rules approved by the European Commission, or the Privacy Shield Program. If you wish to obtain a copy of such safeguards for your reference, please send an email to privacy.europe@capcom.com.
6. Collection of personal information from children
Unless stated specifically to the contrary, our products and services are intended for general adult audiences and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children (i.e. persons under the age of 16 or under the minimum applicable age in the relevant territory). When we seek consent to process personal data by users of our online services, and then they identify themselves as being children, we will: (1) not carry out such processing or (2) make reasonable efforts to verify that the consent is given or authorised by their guardian(s), taking into account available technology.
7. Your rights on your information
Subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”) and/or other applicable law, you have the right (i) to request access to your personal data; (ii) to request rectification or erasure of your personal data; (iii) to request restriction of processing which you are concerned with; (iv) to object to processing of your personal data; and (v) to ‘data portability’. In addition, if our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you can at any time withdraw the consent you have given to us. Please note that such withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of our processing before its withdrawal.
If you wish to perform any of these rights, please send an email to privacy.europe@capcom.com. In order to protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before carrying out your requests.
If you consider that our processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR and/or other applicable law, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a national data protection authority (e.g. Information Commissioner’s Office in United Kingdom).
8. Changes to our privacy policy
If this privacy policy is updated, the changes will be posted on this page and become effective immediately.
9. Contact details
If you have any question about Capcom’s processing of your personal data, you can contact us using the details below.
CE Europe Limited
The Metro Building, 2nd Floor,
1 Butterwick,
Hammersmith,
London, W6 8DL,
United Kingdom
Email: privacy.europe@capcom.com
Fax: +44 (0)20 8600 6197
You can also contact to our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to : dpo@capcom.com