https://www.kootenairiverinn.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting our website. Kootenai River Inn Casino & Spa is committed to a fun and safe experience for guests in real life and online. We respect the privacy of each guest and individual who visits our facility and website. Furthermore, we promise to protect your privacy and information.
Your Personal Data
While using our website you may enter your name, phone number, or email address to access general customer service via our contact form. We consider this personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information collected through our website will not be shared outside of Kootenai River Inn Casino & Spa without that individual’s permission.While you may use personally identifiable data to access room reservations and updates on promotions, those are accessed through third-party websites. Please visit their websites for their privacy policy information. We do not claim any responsibility or liability for the data they collect.Contact FormsBy entering your email address, name, phone number, you are agreeing for us to respond to your inquiry. By using our contact form, you also agree to be informed about special offers in the future. We will not sell or provide any personal information to other commercial businesses to help them solicit your business for their interests.Marketing UsageWe may gather general demographic information to improve our marketing and advertising programs. This includes location, type of device, age range, and other data that is not directly traced to the individual. We collect this data using cookies and Google Analytics. This information is only used for the development and improvement of our advertising programs. This data will only be used by Kootenai River Inn Casino and Spa and its advertising partners who are assisting Kootenai River Inn Casino and Spa. Information will not be sold or provided for the benefit of other commercial entities. Information will be securely stored and deleted within two years.Information of MinorsKootenai River Inn Casino and Spa provides a quality entertainment experience for adults only. Therefore, Kootenai River Inn Casino and Spa does not seek out or intend to collect personal information from those under the age of 18. If a child under the age of 18 has supplied us with their information, their parent or guardian should contact us to request prompt removal of their information.Special CasesIn some specific cases, we may be required by court order, subpoena, or government investigation to reveal information.
Intellectual Property
The graphics and images, text and verbiage, and site design are the copyrighted property of Kootenai River Inn Casino and Spa. Other intellectual properties such as product names, company names, trademarks, logos belong to their respective owners.
Contact Us
If you wish for us to correct your information, remove your data, or remove you from our promotions list, please email info@kootenairiverinn.com.
INQUIRIES
888-875-8259
or Contact Us
CONNECT
GIFT CARDS
PURCHASE
Careers
Privacy Policy
Responsible Gaming
© 2020 BEST WESTERN Plus Kootenai River Inn Casino & Spa. BEST WESTERN Plus Kootenai River Inn Casino & Spa is owned by the Kootenai Tribe of Idaho and part of the Best Western family. managed by Hagadone Hospitality Company
7169 Plaza Street
Bonners Ferry, ID 83805
(888) 875-8259
GIFT CARDS
Careers
Privacy Policy
Responsible Gaming
© 2020 BEST WESTERN Plus Kootenai River Inn Casino & Spa. BEST WESTERN Plus Kootenai River Inn Casino & Spa is owned by the Kootenai Tribe of Idaho and part of the Best Western family. managed by Hagadone Hospitality Company