http://www.allvegaspoker.com/privacy
Attention Poker Rooms
: Get your Real-Time Live Action on PokerAtlas! DETAILS
Join PokerAtlas
Sign In
PokerAtlas.com
Las Vegas
Change Location
Use Current Location
or
See All Cities
Home
Poker Rooms
Tournaments
Upcoming
Schedule
Special Events
Live Clocks
Special Events
Cash Games
Reviews
Read Reviews
Write a Review
TableTalk
All Topics
Questions
Strategy & Advice
Trip Reports
General Discussion
Off Topic
Announcements
Recent Action
Post in TableTalk
Online Poker
Nevada
New Jersey
Promotions
States
NJ Online Casinos
TableCaptain™
Online Poker
Nevada
New Jersey
Promotions
States
NJ Online Casinos
TableCaptain™
Attention Poker Rooms
: Get your Real-Time Live Action on PokerAtlas! DETAILS
Overlay Gaming Corp (“Overlay Gaming”) operates PokerAtlas.com and a number of related services, including the All Vegas Poker mobile application (collectively, the “Services”). When you use any of the Services, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
When we use the phrase “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean any information you provide to or through us or the Services, or which we collect from or through your use of Services.
This may include your contact information, IP address, location, and other information.
INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT
Some of the ways you provide or we collect Personal Information from you include the following:
Account Registration: You must provide a valid e-mail address to sign up for an Overlay Gaming account for our Services. You may, but are not required to, provide us with your full name, gender, and birth date. When you sign up for an Overlay Gaming account, we may opt you in to receive e-mails from Overlay Gaming, Overlay Gaming Services, and third parties, including other Overlay Gaming users, by default. You may always unsubscribe or change delivery preferences. Note that you cannot opt out of receiving required administrative or legal notices. If you feel that an unauthorized account has been created depicting you or your likeness, you can request its removal here.
Public Content: Your reviews, tips, photos, check-ins, check-in comments, likes, message board posts, bookmarks, friends, lists, account profile (including your gender, username, but excluding your other account registration information), and other content you post to the Services are meant for public consumption. We may display this content through our Services, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.
Contacts: You can invite your friends to use our Services by providing their contact information, or by allowing us to use your address book from your computer, mobile device, or other sites. If you invite a friend to join and connect with you through our Services, we may use and store your friends' contact information long enough to process your requests.
Messaging: If you exchange messages with others through the Services, we may store these messages to deliver them and allow you to manage them. If you send information from our Services to your phone via SMS text message, we may log your phone number, phone carrier, and the date and time that the message was processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive.
Credit Card Purchases: If you purchase Overlay Gaming products or services, such as Overlay Gaming Deals and Overlay Gaming Merchandise, we may collect and store billing and credit-card information and use it to fulfill your orders.
Device Information: When you use or download our Services, we may collect your device type, your wireless carrier, and your individual device ID and we associate this with you.
Location Based Information: We may collect location-based information from you when you use our Services. When you communicate with us through our Services or by sending us an email, we may collect and store any information that is contained in your communications with us. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but this may limit the features of the Services you are able to use.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your Personal Information to:
Provide you with Services and customer support;
Market products and services of us and others to you;
Respond to your requests, resolve disputes and/or troubleshoot problems;
Improve the quality of our Services; and
Communicate with you about the Services.
We also may provide Personal Information to third parties, to government officials in response to requests from them, and to successors to one or more of our Services.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your user account if you include personal information in your public content. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Services pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from your experience using the Services.
Please also note that the messages you send or receive using the Services are only private to the extent that you and the sender/recipient are not necessarily private. For example, we do not have any control over whether a recipient of one of your personal messages publicly posts it or its contents.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
For your convenience, we may provide links to other apps, websites, and services that we do not control. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of the parties operating these apps, websites, and services.
CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to children and children are not eligible to use our Services. We do not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from people we actually know are under 18 years of age, and no part of our Services is designed to attract people under 18 years of age. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us here.
SECURITY
No method of transmitting, processing or storing data is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that your data will be secure and that it will be free from improper access or use.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be located here.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or about our sharing of Personal Information with third parties, please contact us by sending an email to: support@pokeratlas.com.
California residents may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:
Overlay Gaming Corp
1421 E. Sunset Rd. Suite 8
Las Vegas, NV 89119
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 11, 2013.
Close
Menu
Back
PokerAtlas.com