https://www.kublacon.com/privacy/
Search for:
Registration
Merchandise
Submit An Event
About Us
About KublaCon
Game Conventions
Contact Us
Exhibitors
Hotels
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Web Site Privacy Information
KUBLACON GAME CONVENTION AND CONVENTION ACADEMY, LLC
recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the sites: kublacon.com, kublacon.info and kublacon.games. The Site is operated by Convention Academy, LLC.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at info@kublacon.com or by United States Postal Service to:
Convention Academy, LLC
PO Box 2113
El Granada, CA
94018
Identifying Information. In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, offer services that require registration, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, KublaCon Registration and Badge purchase uses identifying information when you:
Register on any of our web sites
Place an order.
Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.
Participate in a discount program, contest, or other promotional offer.
Request a SPECIAL SERVICE
Request information or files from technical support or customer service.
In these instances, KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to “unsubscribe” to these mailings at any time. If you make an account at kublacon.info, you may choose to OPT OUT of receiving the Khannections Newsletter and other notices we may send. You may do this by logging into your account, and updating your personal profile.
What KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC will do with your information:
If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC and will only be used by KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What others may do with your information:
KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC (such as DATABASE MAINTENANCE, ONSITE ASSISTANCE), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC. In addition, KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.
KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC Event Schedule Site:
The KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC event schedule site at kublacon.info is designed to give you options concerning the privacy of your identifying information. If you choose, you can set up an account. This will allow you to have favorite events, to make task requests, to submit and edit events to Game Master. To protect your privacy, we have designed the Sites to include certain steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections in an account. You will always have access to this account information and can view it, update it or correct it at any time. To access your information, you will need to use a password.
When purchasing products through the our web site at GrowTix.com, the order form will also ask you to provide a daytime telephone number. However, the telephone number is only used to quickly resolve questions relative to an order, such as to clarify customer email addresses that are inactive or entered incorrectly.
Third Party Links
Kublacon.com does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave WWW.KUBLACON.COM, KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Cookies
At times, we will use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a “cookie”. We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our Sites, and to give you better, more personalized service while in our web site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. However, some functions of the Sites will not function if you refuse cookies. These areas of our web site will have information posted about cookies, and when a cookie will be uploaded to your computer.
Children’s Privacy Protection
KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. While many of our guests are under the age of 13, the vast majority of the material on our web site is intended for parents of children who might choose to attend KublaCon. Other than requesting a first and last name when registering a child at kbgames.com, we do not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Changes to this Policy
KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our web site, you can write to:
KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC
PO Box 2113
El Granada, CA
94018
Credit Card Security
We know customers are concerned about credit card security. We use one of the world’s largest funds transaction companies – Stripe and PayPal. Likewise, when you proceed with registration, you are directed to our secure payment website at GrowTix.com.
If you choose to use a PayPal account, your personal credit card information will not be given to KublaCon/Convention Academy, LLC.
Buy a badge