http://www.campaigncreations.org/legal
Skip to main navigation
Staff • Podcast • Articles • FAQ • Affiliates & Links • Legal & Privacy Info • Contact Us
StarCraft Campaigns • Mods & Total Conversions • Forum • Tutorials • Programs • Custom Resources
StarCraft II Campaigns • Mods & Total Conversions • Forum • Tutorials • Programs • Custom Resources
WarCraft III Campaigns • Mods & Total Conversions • Forum • Tutorials • Programs • Custom Resources
Copyright
All original materials including but not limited to web content, downloads, images, namesakes, and media is copyright Campaign Creations 1999 through the site's active service (effectively 2020 as of this writing). Shared copyright effective with creation's author and Campaign Creations is the intended route unless requested otherwise by the creator. For any copyright concerns, please initially contact Campaign Creations who will contact the author on your behalf. Everything else is copyright their appropriate owners (Activision Blizzard, phpBB, Drupal, etc.). All rights reserved for unique material.
Campaign Creations is not affiliated with or supported by Activision Blizzard, Microsoft, phpBB, Drupal, or other companies where their software or hardware is utilized. We are a nonprofit organization operating on "fan creations" where our content is to positively promote the products of companies we consider ourselves fans of.
Terms of Use
You access, receive, view, download, and otherwise use the Campaign Creations web site and its associated files at your own risk. All graphics, text pages, and other files are provided "as is" and without any warranty of any kind. In no event will Campaign Creations, its hosts, its individual staff, or any of its affiliates or associates be responsible for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from use of our files. We do not allow the rehosting of our staff's files or Campaign Creations files on other websites or shared hosting services. We do not allow the modification of said files by any means necessary outside of personal use, including (but not limited to) intent to republish, recreate, claim ownership, or other with our content. Any known attempt at plagiarizing content, including willingly claiming to improve upon a piece of work, produced by staff within Campaign Creations or hosted exclusively by Campaign Creations with agreement by the author will be met with any legal methods at our disposal per our rights.
If you cannot foresee yourself fully agreeing with this use policy, then you are not allowed to participate in the downloads or interactions with out files and we kindly ask you to seek content elsewhere.
Plagiarized or Rehosted Content
In the event of discovered duplication of our content, claims of false ownership, published alterations to our content, or other instances of plagiarism or rehosted content (either on personal, file, media sharing, etc) sites, please contact any staff member or use our contact form to report the issue so we can take the necessary actions. Thank you for your assistance.
Involvement in Contests or Raffles
By participating in any of our contests, generally involving the creation of various asset files for creating "campaigns" or "scenarios" for various entertainment software (games) we produce fan-based content for, you are agreeing to consent allow Campaign Creations to host, share, publicize, and effectively offer your content on our website for an undetermined time (infinite) with acknowledgement and credit as you being the creator. You agree to allow Campaign Creations to be the sole independent host of this content, however you are free to publically share (by any means) your work as well, but agree to not allow additional third parties to host your work. The goal of this is to focus on the content being involved in a content being contained to the content environment only. If this is not acceptable, then you should avoid participating on any of out contests.
Privacy
On certain occasions Campaign Creations may place a "Cookie" on your computer so that your future visits will be more convenient (e.g., so you will not have to retype your account information each time you make a posting on a bulletin board). None of this information is used specifically by Campaign Creations or anyone else, except in the case to prevent abuse. All information is voluntary and you will know before you make such a submission. Nevertheless, Campaign Creations can not guarantee that your privacy is insured while using the web site (though any violations would be unintentional). If this is not acceptable, then you should avoid using the web site.
These terms may change at any time without warning or notice.