http://www.muckleshootcasino.com/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Share:
Welcome to our Web Site. The following terms and conditions provided to you serve as an extension of our customer service appreciation. Please read the following terms of use, which in conjunction with our privacy policy, manage the relationship you have with the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe d/b/a Muckleshoot Indian Casino Web Site. By using this Web Site, you represent that you have read and understand these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by the following.
The term “Muckleshoot Indian Tribe d/b/a Muckleshoot Indian Casino” or “MIC” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the Web Site whose primary office is 2402 Auburn Way S, Auburn, WA 98002. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our Web Site.
You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of the site and the Internet. Muckleshoot Casino provides the site and related information "as is" and does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever (including without limitation warranties of title or non-infringement, or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) with regard to the site, any merchandise, information, service, or transaction provided through the site or on the Internet generally, and Muckleshoot Casino shall not be liable for any cost or damage arising either directly or indirectly from your use of the site any such merchandise, information, service or transaction. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the site or on the Internet generally. You understand further that the internet contains unedited materials some of which are sexually explicit or may be offensive to you. You access such materials at your risk. Muckleshoot Casino has no control over and accepts no responsibility whatsoever for such materials.
PURPOSE
The purpose of this Web Site is for general information purposes only and the use of this Web Site is subject to these terms of use. The information on this site is provided “as is” and is subject to change without notice at any given time. By using this Web Site you certify that you are over the age of twenty-one (21) and accept that you have the ability to be bound by these terms. If acting on behalf of a third party, you have binding authority over the third party you represent. Although the information provided to you on this Web Site is compiled from sources we believe to be dependable, the MIC does not guarantee accuracy, validity, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of any information, data, or materials made available to you on this Web Site for any particular purpose. By continuing to use this Web Site you acknowledge that such information and material may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this Web Site is entirely at your own risk, for which we are not liable. Nothing on this Web Site should be construed as rendering tax, legal, or investment advice. As such MIC will not be responsible for any loss or damage from information made available through this Web Site. This Web Site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. You may not create a link to this Web Site from another Web Site or document without MIC’s prior written consent. The material found on this Web Site may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without prior consent from MIC. Accordingly, you may not use any robot, scraper, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy any information or content contained in the Web Site without MIC’s prior express written consent. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from the Web Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without prior written consent is prohibited. To seek permission to use, obtain, modify, or validate information provided on this Web Site go to the Contact Us page on this Web Site and submit your request.
You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with your accessing the Web Site. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your right to access the Web Site. You may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any muckleshootcasino.com user. You are expressly prohibited from using the Web Site to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material including any material that is deemed threatening or obscene, or engage in any kind of illegal activity. You will not run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder, or “spam” on the Web Site. You further agree to refrain from making any attempt to harvest or otherwise collect or compile information about others, including e-mail addresses or personal data, without their consent.
You are welcome to submit comments regarding the Web Site. However, by sending any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications, you hereby grant to muckleshootcasino.com a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, unrestricted, nonexclusive, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, display, license, sublicense, adapt, distribute, publicly perform, publish, transmit, modify, edit, translate, and otherwise exploit such submissions, in all media now known or hereafter developed. You hereby waive any claim against muckleshootcasino.com for any alleged or actual infringement of any intellectual property rights,other proprietary rights, rights of privacy or publicity, moral rights, or rights of attribution in connection with any such submissions.
MIC, its employees, partners and affiliates shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages resulting from the use or the inability to use the Web Site or any content contained therein or downloadable therefrom, or any information obtained at the Web Site, through the services, or for the cost of procurement of substitute services or resulting from unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles even if foreseeable or if MIC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Certain states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the exclusions set forth above may not apply to you.
You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and release MIC from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising from or related to your use or misuse of the Web Site and/or any content contained therein or provided thereby, including, but not limited to, information from third-party web sites linked to the MIC Web Site. All trademarks reproduced on this Web Site, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the Web Site. Unauthorized use of this Web Site may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this Web Site may include links to other Web Sites. These links are offered for your convenience to provide further information. MIC does not endorse, adopt or undertake any responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any third-party site, including, but not limited to, information provided at third-party sites that may link the user to this Web Site. If you have accessed this Web Site through a third-party link, you are still bound by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked third-party Web Site(s) nor are we liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use of said materials. Your use of this Web Site and any dispute arising out of such use of this site is subject to the laws of the United States of America in accordance with the laws of the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe. The Muckleshoot Indian Tribe may amend or revise these terms and conditions at any time. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you are not authorized to use this Web Site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event will we be liable for (i) any incidental, consequential, or indirect damages (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or information, and the like) arising out of the use of or inability to use the site, any merchandise, information, service, or transactions provided on the site, or downloaded from the site, or any delay of such information or service. Even if the company or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of such damages, or (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in the site, any merchandise, information, service, transaction and/or materials provided or downloaded through the site.
Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, our liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. The aggregate liability for all claims arising from your use of the site is limited to $100.