http://www.actiongames.co.uk/privacy/
Neon games Solitaire Games Hidden Object Games Classic Games Mind Games Match 3 GamesMore
Mahjong Games Time Management Games site
Toggle navigation
Home
Game categories
PlatformTower DefenseFightingRacingShootingWarSportsSkill
0Favorites
Find
RSS
FAQ
Contact
Find
Privacy
Privacy Policy of Zygomatic
Through this online site Zygomatic will process privacy sensitive or personal data. Zygomatic values the privacy of its customers and observes due care in processing and protecting personal data.
During the processing we conform to the requirements of the applicable data protection legislation. This means we:
clearly specify our purposes before we process personal data, by using this privacy policy;
limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data needed for legitimate purposes;
first ask for explicit permission to process your personal data in cases where your permission is required;
take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and we demand the same from parties who process personal data on our behalf;
respect your right to inspect, correct or delete your personal data held by us.
Zygomatic is the party responsible for all data processing. In this privacy policy, we will explain which personal data we collect and for which purposes. We recommend that you read it carefully.
This privacy policy was last amended on 12-03-2020.
Use of Personal Data
By using our service, you are providing certain data to us. This could be personal data. We only retain and use the personal data provided directly by you or for which it is clear that it has been supplied to us to be processed.
We use the following data for the purposes as mentioned in this privacy policy:
IP address
Internet-browser and device
Username
Special and/or sensitive personal data we process
Our website does not intend to collect data about website visitors who are under 16 years of age. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is over 16 years old. We therefore advise parents to be involved in their children's online activities in order to prevent the collection of data on children without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal data about a minor without your consent, please contact us at privacy@zygomatic.nl, then we will delete this data.
Promotion
Other than the advertisements on the website, we can inform you about new products or services:
via social media
Contact Form
If you fill out a contact form on the website or send us an email, the data you provide will be retained for as long as is necessary depending on the nature of the form or the content of your email, to fully answer and correctly handle your message or email. We use the reCAPTCHA service from Google Inc. (Google) to protect data transmitted through the contact form. This function checks whether a message is sent by a person, in order to prevent 'spam bots', for example, from automatically sending messages or leaving comments. This involves sending a visitor's IP address and possibly other data to make Google reCAPTCHA work. The content of a message will be sent to and processed by Google for this purpose. The IP address is hereby abbreviated and made anonymous in countries belonging to the EU and countries participating in the European Economic Area Treaty. In exceptional cases, an IP address is completely transmitted to and abbreviated to a Google server in the United States. On behalf of the owner of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address that reCAPTCHA transmits will not be merged with any other data held by Google. The collection of this data is subject to Google's data protection rules. More information about Google's privacy policy can be found on this page: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Door reCAPTCHA to use you agree that Google will process data about you in the manner and for the purpose set out above.
Publication
When using our service, the following data is published so as to be visible to everyone on the Internet:
your username
Providing Data to Third Parties
Zygomatic does not sell your data to third parties and we will only provide data when necessary for this agreement or required by law. With companies that process your data on our behalf, we enter into a data processing agreement to ensure the same level of security and privacy of your information. Zygomatic remains responsible for the processing of your data.
Cookies
We make use of cookies for our site. Cookies are also placed via third parties that have been enabled by us. European EEA users: when you visit our online site for the first time, a notice will be displayed asking you for permission to personalise ads using cookies.
You are free to disable cookies through your browser settings. Please note that it is possible that our website will not work optimally anymore.
We have made agreements with third parties who place cookies about the use of cookies and applications. However, we do not have full control over what the providers of these applications do with cookies themselves when they use them. For more information about these applications and how they use cookies, please refer to the privacy policys of these parties (please note that they may change regularly).
We use the following types of cookies:
Cookies for Google analytics (see below).
Advertising Cookies: Cookies that third parties set when advertising on the site (see below).
Cookies to keep track of whether advertizing cookies are ok for the so-called cookie bar.
Cookies for favorites, which are cookies to store your favorite pages.
Cookies for keeping track of recently played games that we also use to inform us on your three last played games when you use the contact form.
Cookies that track your progress and score in online games and how many times you play a game.
Advertisements
Our service displays advertisements of third parties, who keep personal data to personalize these.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by not agreeing with our site to personalize ads or by visiting Ads Settings (for Google ads) and/or by visiting www.aboutads.info (for other vendors).
More information on how Google uses your data: policies.google.com/privacy/partners?hl=en, www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/ en policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
European EEA users: you can always withdraw your permission to personalize our ads by deleting all cookies or deleting our permission cookie. The name of our permission cookie is: ZygomaticAdConsent.
Advertising cookies are shared with a list of selected ad technology providers. Below is a list of selected ad technology providers and a link to the relevant privacy policy:
Google
ADEX
Aarki
AdClear
AdLedge
AdMaxim
AdRoll, Inc.
AdTriba
Adacado
Adara Media
Adform
Adikteev
Adloox
Adludio
Admedo
Admetrics
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Adventori
Akamai
Amazon
Amobee
Analights
AppLovin Corp.
AppNexus
Arrivalist
AudienceProject
Aunica
Avocet
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
Bannerflow
Batch Media
Beeswax
Betgenius
Blismedia
Bombora
Booking.com
C3 Metrics
CUBED
Cablato
Celtra
Centro
Cint
Clinch
Cloud Technologies
Cloudflare
Commanders Act
Conversant/CJ Affiliate
Crimtan
Criteo
DENTSU
DMA Institute
DTS
DataXu
Delta Projects
Demandbase
Dentsu Aegis Network
Digiseg
DoubleVerify
Dstillery
EASYmedia
Effinity
Ensighten
Essens
Evidon
Exactag
Exponential
FUSIO BY S4M
Facebook
Flashtalking
Fractional Media
GP One
Gemius
GfK
GroupM
Haensel AMS
Havas Media France - DBi
IBM
IPONWEB
Ignition One
Impact
Index Exchange
Infectious Media
Innovid
Integral Ad Science
Interpublic Group
Jivox
Kantar
Kochava
LifeStreet
Liftoff
LiveRamp
Localsensor
LoopMe
Lotame
MBR Targeting Gmbh
MSI-ACI
Macromill group
MainADV
Manage.com
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
MediaMath
Meetrics
MindTake Research
Mobitrans
Mobpro
Moloco Ads
NEORY GmbH
Nano Interactive
Navegg
Neodata Group
Netflix
Netquest
Neural.ONE
Neustar
Nielsen
OTTO
Oath
Objective Partners
Omnicom Media Group
On Device Research
OneTag
OpenX Technologies
Optomaton
Oracle Data Cloud
PERMODO
PMG
Pixalate
Platform161
Protected Media
PubMatic
Publicis Media
PulsePoint
Quantcast
RN SSI Group
RTB House
Rackspace
Rakuten Marketing
Relay42
Remerge
Resolution Media
Resonate
RevJet
RhythmOne LLC
Roq.ad
Rubicon Project
SFR
Salesforce DMP
Scenestealer
Scoota
Seenthis
Semasio GmbH
Sift Media
Simpli.fi
Sizmek
Smaato
Smadex
Smart
Smartology
Sociomantic
Sojern
Sovrn
SpotX
Spotad
TACTICô Real-Time Marketing
TEEMO
TabMo
Taboola
Teads
The Trade Desk
Tradedoubler AB
Travel Data Collective
TreSensa
TripleLift
TruEffect
TrustArc
Turbobytes
Videology
Vimeo
Virtual Minds
Vodafone GmbH
Waystack
Weborama
White Ops
Widespace
Wizaly
ZMS
advanced STORE GmbH
advolution.control
affilinet
comScore
eBay
ebuilders
emetriq
gskinner
hurra.com
intelliAd
numberly
travel audience ñ An Amadeus Company
usemax (Emego GmbH)
Third party games and ads
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of personal data by data controllers other than Zygomatic, such as – as the case may be – providers of third party games available on the site. The relevant provider of such a third party game is responsible for ensuring that any processing of personal data by them in the context of a game complies with applicable data protection law.
Below is a list of publishers of third party games that may appear on this site and a link to the relevant privacy policy:
Arkadium
Poki
CPMStar
SoftGames
Famobi
GameZop
SpilGames
FreeWorldGroup
Cool Games
GamePix
CloudGames
4J
Inlogic
Big Fish Games
PlayToMax
PlayZool/PlayTouch
GameHouse and Real Networks
WellGames/Absolutist
IceStone
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors on our website and to get reports about how visitors use the website. We accepted the data processing agreement from Google. We don't allow Google to use information obtained by Analytics for other Google services, and we anonymize the IP addresses. You can prevent the recording and processing of the data generated by the cookies (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the opt-out browser add-on via the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Security
We take security measures to reduce misuse of and unauthorized access to personal data.
Retention Period
The personal data described above will be kept for as long as you are registered on our site or visit our site. We then retain data for a maximum of 26 months for the described statistical purposes. The data will then be deleted, unless there is a legal obligation that requires longer retention (such as the seven-year fiscal record keeping obligation for payment data).
Third-party Websites
This statement is not applicable to third-party websites connected to this website through links. We cannot guarantee that these third parties will handle your personal data in a secure and careful manner. We recommend you read these websites’ privacy policys before making use of these websites.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this statement. We recommend that you consult this statement on a regular basis, so that you remain informed of any changes.
Inspection and Modification (or deletion) of your Data
You can always contact us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or wish to review, modify or delete your personal data.
You can also send us a request to view, modify or delete these data. You can also request a data export for data that we use with your permission, or state that you want us to restrict the processing of personal data, stating your reasons.
In order to prevent abuse, we may ask you to identify yourself adequately. When it comes to access to personal data linked to a cookie, you must send a copy of the cookie in question. You can find them in the settings of your browser. If the information is not correct, you can ask us to change the information or to have it deleted.
Contact information
Zygomatic
De Bleek, 25
4132WB Vianen
The Netherlands
privacy@zygomatic.nl
Links
·
Submit game
·
Privacy
·
About us
© NeonGames