https://www.hrhcbiloxi.com/privacy-policy.htm
Skip to content
×
Close
Make a Reservation
Need assistance? Call us toll free at
1Choose Dates
2Room Options
Check In
Check Out
Continue
Check In
Check Out
Room Options
Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
Adults
1
2
3
4
5
Kids
0
1
2
3
4
5
Back
Book Your Stay
Privacy Policy
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Biloxi
228-374-7625
Contact Us
777 Beach Blvd, Biloxi, MS 39530
link to facebook page
×
link to twitter page
×
link to instagram page
×
At hardrockbiloxi.com, your privacy is paramount. We never share your contact information with others.
The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect about you.
From time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (eg., your name and email address etc..) in order to receive or use services on our website.
By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable hardrockbiloxi.com to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. Our services are designed to give you the information that you want to receive. hardrockbiloxi.com will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet best practice.
During the course of any visit to hardrockbiloxi.com, the pages you see, along with something called a cookie, are downloaded to your computer. Most, if not all, websites do this, because cookies allow the website publisher to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the site before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
Any information that is supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a better service and assists us to analyze the profile of our visitors. For example, if on a previous visit you went to, say, the Accommodations page, then we might find this out from your cookie and highlight new information covering your interests on a second visit.
When you enter a site your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie. Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows.
Cookies themselves only record those areas of the site that have been visited by the computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalized services cannot then be provided to that user.
If at any time you feel hardrockbiloxi.com does not abide by this privacy policy, please call us at 228-374-ROCK (7625).
This web site and the materials and information on this web site are provided by hardrockbiloxi.com ("hardrockbiloxi.com" or "we") and may be used for informational purposes only. By using this web site, you represent that you have read and understand these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Furthermore, by using this web site, you represent that (i) you have the capacity to be bound by these terms and conditions and (ii) if you are acting on behalf of a company or other entity, you have the authority to bind such company or entity. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not use this web site or download any materials from this web site, hardrockbiloxi.com may amend or revise these terms and conditions at any time. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions as in effect from time to time. Please review these terms and conditions regularly as these terms and conditions may change.
Ownership of Materials
Except as otherwise indicated, this web site and its entire contents (collectively, the "Materials"), including, but not limited to, the text, information, material, software and graphics contained on this web site, are owned by hardrockbiloxi.com and its affiliates. The Materials are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and treaties. hardrockbiloxi.com makes no proprietary claim to any third party names, trademarks or service marks appearing on this web site. Any third party names, trademarks, and service marks are the properties of their respective owners. Except as provided in the next sentence, the Materials may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without hardrockbiloxi.com's prior written permission. You may download one (1) copy of the Materials on a single computer only for your personal, non-commercial, internal use. You may not (i) modify the Materials or use them for any commercial purpose, or any other public display, performance, sale, or rental, (ii) decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble software materials, (iii) remove any copyright notice or other proprietary notices from the Materials, or (iv) transfer the materials to another person. By posting a message or contributing in any way to this web site, including, but not limited to, sending comments and e-mail, to this web site, you expressly grant hardrockbiloxi.com the right to use in any way, copy, republish or sell your message or other contribution as part of its property. Premier Entertainment Biloxi and Hard Rock Cafe International Inc. reserves the right to change, update, discontinue, or restrict or prevent access to this web site or the Materials at any time without notice.
Disclaimer and Limitation on Liability
By using this web site, you assume all responsibility and risk for the use of this web site and the Internet generally. The materials are provided "as is," without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including, without limitation, warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, noninfringement of intellectual property, and freedom from errors, viruses, bugs, or other harmful components. In no event shall hardrockbiloxi.com be liable for any damages whatsoever (including without limitation any special, indirect, or consequential damages, and damages resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, or business interruption) arising out of the use of inability to use the materials or any hyperlinked web site, even if hardrockbiloxi.com or its affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages. This web site is intended to assist readers by providing data, research and editorial information on the music industry and the Biloxi property associated wth this site. hardrockbiloxi.com will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the Materials or information provided on this Web Site, any articles or postings for hyperlinks embedded in messages, nor for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained on this web site or in a hyperlinked site. This web site provides information and advice based on our editorial content and advice of industry professionals. While hardrockbiloxi.com believes such information and advice to be reliable, we make no claims or representations about the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of such information or advice. However, by nature such information is broad in scope. Your situation is unique and our information and advice may not be appropriate for your situation. You should not rely on any information or advice you obtain on this web site. Any reliance by you on any information or advice will be at your own risk. This web site provides chat rooms, bulletin boards and other means for the public to contribute information and make statements. hardrockbiloxi.com does not make any endorsements of these statements nor representations that the statements are true and accurate. You should be cautious when acting on information provided by contributors to these public areas. You should not rely upon the information and opinions of the chat rooms or bulletin boards. hardrockbiloxi.com suggests you use the information on this web site as a starting point for doing independent research on artists, collectibles, and other information that is the subject of this web site.
Links to Third Party Sites
This web site contains links to third party sites. These links are provided for convenience purposes and are not under the control of Premier Entertainment Biloxi, LLC or Hard Rock Cafe International Inc. or its affiliates. hardrockbiloxi.com does not make any representations and warranties, express or implied, regarding the content of any of these linked sites. These links do not constitute or imply an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by hardrockbiloxi.com with respect to any third party, any third party's web site, the content of any third party's web site, or any products or services provided by a third party.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the State of Mississippi, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Mississippi or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or the State of Mississippi. By using this web site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the state courts of Harrison County, Mississippi and the Federal Courts for the District of Mississippi for any action or proceeding arising under or relating to these Terms of Use, this web site or the use of, or reliance on, this web site.
Specials & Promotions
Sound of Your StayAn Incredible Music Experience
A unique musical amenity package offered exclusively through Hard Rock.
Learn More
Specials & Packagesat Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Biloxi
Looking for a romantic getaway or just looking for a place to have a Rock Star Experience?
Learn More
Latest News
More News
Upcoming Events
More Events
Explore Our Instagram
Connect with us!
Back to Top
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Biloxi
777 Beach Blvd
Biloxi,
Mississippi
39530
United States
Front Desk
228-374-7625
Reservations
877-877-6256
Sign Up for Specials
×Close
Success!
Get Directions