http://www.domino-games.com/privacy.html
Domino-Games.com
Your Dominoes Portal - All Dominoes, All The Time
Domino-Games.com Privacy Policy
Domino-Games.com is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its users.
Domino-Games.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination
practices for this web site.
Information Automatically Logged
Domino-Games.com respects the privacy and rights of its visitors. No effort is made to
identify individuals without their knowledge. Our web servers automatically log certain
anonymous details about each visitor, including browser type, domain name, and IP address.
This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
Cookies
Domino-Games.com does not directly use cookies.
However, other web sites associated
with this site may do so.
These other web sites include advertisers, partners, and web site
statistic services. Any cookies are used solely to provide the best possible service to you,
and Domino-Games.com does not have access to these cookies.
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites
or from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser. These options
are generally set through a "Privacy" setting in your browser setup.
Advertisers
We may use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have
access to this information.
Personal Information
This Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that
personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
Since we do not collect any personal information on this web site, we do not share any
personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for
any purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Domino-Games.com is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Contacting This Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
About Google and DoubleClick DART
We use third-party advertising companies (including Google and DoubleClick DART) to serve
ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a
third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on
the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Dominoes Info
Dominoes Rules
Dominoes Software
Online Dominoes
Buy Dominoes
Domino News
Domino-Games.com > Privacy Policy
Home
Search
Site Map
About This Site
Domino Info
Domino FAQ
Domino History
Domino Books
Domino Clubs
Domino Links
Domino Glossary
Domino Stores
Related Games
Site Info
Home
Search This Site
About This Site
Contact Us
What's New?
Featured Product
Chickenfoot Dominoes Set$24.99 $19.13SAVE $5.86!
Copyright © 2020 by Domino-Games.com.
All Rights Reserved.
Home
Search
About This Site
Link To Us
Links
Privacy
Terms
Contact Us