http://www.oneidabingoandcasino.net/sms-terms/
SMS-Terms › Oneida Casino
Players Club
Casino
Promotions
Entertainment
Dining
Hotel
Calendar  |  Locations  |  Tour Bus
Oneida Casino Mobile Terms & ConditionsService Description:  Oneida Casino is offering a SMS text alert program.  Upon joining, you will receive a confirmation text to confirm your participation in this program.  Once enrolled, you will receive recurring monthly marketing text messages from or on behalf of Oneida Casino with special offers and upcoming event promotions. To join, just text ONEIDA to 28599.Terms & Conditions:  Mobile phone user privacy is extremely important to us at Oneida Casino. The agreement process is commenced by a user texting ONEIDA to 28599. The user can then accept this agreement by replying YES MM/DD/YYYY (birthdate) to the Opt-In SMS text message. At any time the user can cancel Oneida Casino text message service by replying STOP to this Opt-In SMS text message. Service will continue until user cancels.Limitations – Oneida Casino General SMS Service is available on most carriers including CG, ALLTEL AWCC, AT&T Mobility, Boost, Cricket, Google Voice, Metro PCS, Nextel, Rural Carrier Groups, Sprint, Tier 2/3 Carrier Group, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless, and Virgin Mobile. Requires text-enabled handset. Carriers listed are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Other Network Carriers will be added as they become available.  You must be 21 years of age or older to use this service.Message and Data rates may apply.  Messages recur monthly until the user cancels the service.  Consent is not a condition of purchase.General SMS Program Opt-In/Opt-Out:  To sign-up text ONEIDA to 28599.  To cancel: Text STOP to 28599.  For Support text HELP to 28599 or call 1.800.238.4263 or email: smshelp@oneidanation.orgPrivacy – All customer data will be used only by Oneida Casino and our partners to provide these services.  We will not pass-on or re-sell your data to any third party.Your Consent – By using Oneida Casino’s Service, (you) the user consents to our privacy policy and Terms & Conditions.  To review our Privacy Policy please visit /sms-privacy-policyChanges to Privacy Policy – In the case of changes to Oneida Casino’s privacy policy, we will post those changes to /sms-privacy-policyContacting Us – If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or Oneida Casino’s service, you may contact us using the information below.Oneida Casino2020/2100 Airport DriveGreen Bay, Wisconsin 54313MAILINGP.O. Box 365Oneida, WI 54155SMS Help Hotline: 1.800.238.4263 smshelp@oneidanation.org
Site
Promotions
Entertainment
Dining
Gift Certificates
Contact
Resources
Oneida Nation
Employment
Problem Gambling
SMS Terms & Conditions
SMS Privacy Policy
SMS Help
Enterprises
Radisson Hotel & Conference Center
Wingate by Wyndham
Thornberry Creek at Oneida
©2020 Oneida CasinoAll rights reserved