http://www.wilottery.com/privacy
Only the Madison Validations office is open at this time and an appointment is required to claim a win. More claiming information available here: WILottery.com/covid-19
Privacy Policy
State of Wisconsin laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records provided by both state and federal laws. These exceptions include the privacy of individuals.
Information collected at this site becomes public record and may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exception in law exists. During your visit to wilottery.com information that is not readily identifiable to an individual is automatically collected and stored. This information is used solely to improve our web services. For more detail on our privacy policy, please see the expanded statement following.
Information Collected and How It is Used
If you do nothing during your visit to wilottery.com but browse or download information, we automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
Internet Protocol Address and domain name used but not the email address. The Internet Protocol Address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer. We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you.
Type of browser and operating system you used and your connection speed.
Date and time you visited this site.
Web pages or services you accessed at this site.
The website you visited prior to coming to this website.
The information we automatically collect or store is used to improve the content of our web services and to help us understand how people are using our services. Wilottery.com analyzes our website logs to continually improve the value of the materials available on our site. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that browse wilottery.com.
If during your visit to wilottery.com you participate in a survey or send an email, the following additional information is collected:
Email correspondence: The email address and contents of the email.
Surveys: Any information you volunteered in response to a survey.
The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic formats you send us. The information is retained in accordance with Wisconsin Open Records Law.
We use your email to respond appropriately. This may be to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to further improve our website, or to forward the email to another agency for appropriate action. Survey information is used for the purpose designated.
Personal Information and Choice
"Personal information" is information about an individual that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes personal identifiers such as an individual's name, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for information (i.e. sending an e-mail or participating in a survey). If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature of wilottery.com.
If personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children on-line or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult and may be subject to public access.
Public Disclosure
In the State of Wisconsin, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the publics right to access public records that serve various needs: the privacy of individuals is included among these exceptions. Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
We strive to protect personally identifiable information by collecting only information necessary to deliver our services. All information collected at this site becomes public record that may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exemption in law exists.
In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Wisconsin Open Records Law or other law governing the disclosure of records, the Wisconsin Open Records Law or other applicable law will control.
Access and Correction of Personal Information
You can review any personal information we collect about you. You may recommend changes to your personal information you believe in error by submitting a written request that credibly shows the error. If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact us. In all cases, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. See Contact Information section.
Cookies
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and may either be used only during your session (a "session" cookie) or may be stored on your computer's hard drive (a "persistent" cookie). Cookies can contain data about user movement during the visit to the website. If your browser software is set to allow cookies, a web site can send its own cookie to you. A web site that has set a cookie can only access those cookies it has sent to you, it cannot access cookies sent to you by other sites.
Why are Cookies Used on Web Sites?
Cookies are one mechanism for maintaining continuity during a user's visit to a web site. They allow data to be maintained for users' benefit as they navigate a site. This is referred to as "session" or "state management" cookie. These cookies go away when you terminate your visit to the website as they are maintained only in your browser's active memory during your session. Cookies may be also be stored on your computer to so that you can be recognized by a website on subsequent visits. They can be read by the website that set them whenever you enter the website. They are often used on websites that require you to log in to save you entering all of your log-in information. They may store information on your unique identifier and the areas of the website you have visited before. These cookies are stored on your computer's hard drive after you have left your website visit and consequently are often referred to as "persistent" cookies.
Choices about Cookies
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
Wilottery.com's Practices Regarding Cookies
Wilottery.com uses session cookies. The information on these cookies is retained by the State only while the user's session is active in a table that lists the unique identifiers of those currently using the site. Currently session states are set to 30 minutes maximum. Wilottery.com is using cookies to remember your place and inputs when you leave certain pages so you can return to the same place.
Wilottery.com also uses cookies to remember your personal choices for viewing certain content.
Security
The Lottery Division of the Department of Revenue, as developer and manager of wilottery.com, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire DOR operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to risk management.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice. This information should not be construed as warranting as fail-proof the security of information provided through DOR supported web sites.
Disclaimer
Wilottery.com has links to other web sites. These include links to web sites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When you link to another site, you are no longer on Wilottery.com and this Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Players Club
The Wisconsin Lottery uses a third party vendor, GovDelivery, to bring you the Player's Club emails. When joining Players Club, you are being directed to their website, and not the Lottery website. However, your personal information is not shared with outside groups.  Read the GovDelivery privacy policy here (exit this site).
Social Media
Legal Disclaimer
The Lottery Division of the Department of Revenue assumes no liability for damages incurred directly or indirectly as a result of errors, omissions or discrepancies. The Wisconsin Department of Revenue is not responsible for the content of any third party web site represented on our social media sites, and does not endorse such sites.
Comment Policy
By visiting Wisconsin Lottery's social media pages you agree to be bound by that site's Statement of Rights and Responsibilities. We encourage you to interact with our page by posting Lottery-related questions, comments and feedback to our wall. To keep the discussion open and relevant to the Wisconsin Lottery, content on these sites are moderated by Wisconsin Lottery staff after it is submitted by a user. Moderation may include deletion or hiding your post from the public with the exception of your friends. The Wisconsin Lottery reserves the right to moderate any content that:
Is not topically related to the Wisconsin Lottery and the particular posting being commented upon;
Contains profane language or content;
Promotes, fosters, or perpetuates discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, age, religion, gender, marital status, or status with regard to public assistance, national origin, physical or mental disability or sexual orientation, as well as any other category protected by federal, state, or local laws;
Potentially libelous comments;
Contains solicitations of commerce;
Conducts or encourages illegal activity;
Private, personal information published without consent;
Contains information that may tend to compromise the safety or security of any individual, the public or public systems;
Is trolling or a deliberate disruption of discussion.
Please keep in mind that postings made on our pages do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Wisconsin Lottery. Though we monitor the pages during normal business hours (M-F, 8 a.m. – 4 p.m.) please understand that we may not be able to respond immediately to all posts. If you have questions regarding our policy, please message or contact us.
Search:
Games
Games
Lotto Games
Lotto Games
Powerball
Mega Millions
Megabucks
All or Nothing
Badger 5
SuperCash!
Pick 4
Pick 3
10 Buck Luck
Instant Games
Instant Games
All Scratch Games
New Scratch Games
All Pull-tab Games
Limited TIme Offers
Limited TIme Offers
Official Packers Games and Bonus Drawing
Holiday Scratch Games
Raffles
Super 2nd Chance
Super 2nd Chance
How to Enter
Winners
Winners
Big Winners
Super 2nd Chance
How to Claim a Prize
Past Winning Numbers
Message Center
About
About
Learn
Learn
About WI Lottery
FAQs
Scam Alerts
Videos
Security
Connect
Connect
Events
News
Contact Us
Find Retailers
Players Club
For Retailers
keyboard_arrow_up