http://www.kraisoft.com/company/terms.htm#privacy
Company information
Ownership and Use
Trademarks
Subscription Cancellation & Refund
iOS Subscription Terms
Privacy Policy
By viewing or accessing KraiSoft.com, and/or using
KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. games, software, applications, products or services you expressly
agree to the following Terms and Conditions detailed below. KraiSoft.com is a
product of KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD.
Your use of the KraiSoft.com website and/or use of KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD.
games, software, applications, products or services signifies your acceptance of
these Terms and Conditions and constitutes a legally binding acceptance of this
agreement. If you do not agree to these conditions you are not allowed to access
or use KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. websites, games, software, applications, products or
services. KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. reserves the right to modify, alter and update the content
of these Terms and Conditions at anytime. The current terms and conditions will
be posted here: http://kraisoft.com/company/terms.htm
Although KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. attempts to ensure that all information contained on
this website is error-free, we accept no liability for omissions, and reserve
the right to change or alter the content of the site at anytime. KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD.
does not make any warranty that the website is free from infection from viruses;
nor does any provider of content to the site or their respective agents make any
warranty as to the results to be obtained from use of the site.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL
KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD.
OR ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDER OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. WEB
SITE, SOFTWARE AND/OR SERVICES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
YOU AGREE TO ASSUME ALL RISK RELATED TO YOUR USE OF KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. WEBITES AND
SERVICES, INLCUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE RISK OF COMMUNICATIONS WITH OTHER
PEOPLE OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER.
Ownership and Use
Unless otherwise specified, all content, text, graphics, logos, button icons,
images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software
contained on KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. website (collectively the “Materials”) is the property of
KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD., or its suppliers, and is protected by United States and international
copyright laws. You may access and use KraiSoft.com and the Materials only for
your personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify or use the Materials
for any other purpose, except with the express written consent of KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD..
Except as provided below, you may not download, reproduce, copy, sell, post,
transmit, publicly perform, publicly display or otherwise distribute any
Materials on KraiSoft.com. Any software or content made available for download
from KraiSoft.com is licensed for use subject to the terms of the applicable
license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the software or
content. If the software or content is not accompanied by a license agreement,
the following terms shall apply: KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. hereby grants to you a personal,
limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use a single copy of the
software and content on one personal computer or other compatible electronic
device, provided that you do not copy, modify, sell, assign, reverse engineer or
otherwise attempt to gain access to the source code of the software or content
or create derivative works from the software or content.
Trademarks
KraiSoft, KraiSoft Entertainment and KraiSoft logo are owned by KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD., Inc. or its licensors and may be registered in some countries. Other
company and product names appearing on this website may be trademarks of their
respective owners and are used for the benefit of those owners.
Subscription Cancellation & Refund
Monthly subscriptions are automatically renewed every 31 days. You can cancel your subscription at any time by using the support request form (there are no cancellation fee for terminating your subscription). If you cancel, you will continue to have access to Calendar puzzles published from the beginning to the end of the time period for which you paid, but your subscription will no longer auto-renew at the end of that time period.
Due to the nature of the information being sold, we unfortunately cannot accept returns of products once they have been delivered. We can, however, issue refunds in cases such as duplicate charges taken from a person accidentally subscribed to the game content several times. All refund requests should be placed for consideration using the support request form.
iOS Subscription Terms
- Subscriptions to the Everyday Jigsaw Calendar puzzles are automatically renewed every month
- While the user is subscribed he is charged $2.99 a month and have the full access to the Calendar puzzles (both new and already published)
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2016
Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how we use any information we may collect from you. This Privacy Policy applies to
KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. website and applications downloaded or sold through the website. The Privacy Policy is current as of the effective date set forth above. We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time.
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or that you provide to us when you use our products or services. Some information, such as a valid email address or credit card billing information, may be necessary to purchase a game, subscribe to game content or otherwise transact business with us. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to successfully place an order. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as verifying your right to access products and services, billing, responding to your requests, customer service inquiries, improving our products and services, and communicating with you.
Your password, subscription activation codes and credit codes are unique to your
account and are designed to protect your account and purchased content from unauthorized use. KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or otherwise disclosed passwords, subscription activation codes and credit codes. You are responsible for keeping the confidentiality of your password, subscription activation codes and credit codes. JigsawGilrs.com representatives will never ask you for your password, subscription activation codes and credit codes.
KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. uses the information we gather for the purposes of providing our products and services to you, to bill you for products and services, to communicate with you concerning your account, purchased products, services and content and for other customer service, authorization, account history and billing purposes.
Your email address may be occasionally used to communicate you concerning product upgrades and special offers and promotions. In this case, an email message sent contains an option to unsubscribe from further promotional emails.
We will not reveal or store your credit card information such as credit card number when you place an order. The entire credit card information is directly and securely transmitted to the appropriate credit card processing company during order processing.
Any information we collect will be securely processed, stored and archived in databases and backups that reside in the United States.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we
collect and store is reliable, accurate, complete and current. If the personal information we have about you is inaccurate, you may ask us to correct, amend, or delete your personal information by
notifying us using the contact form.
If you choose to visit KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy, including applicable limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New York. If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our products or services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us using the contact form.
© 1998-2019 KRAISOFT COM CO., LTD. — your place for free game downloads & online games | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Feedback