http://www.purplelamp.com/terms-of-service
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Terms of Service
Effective, June 1st, 2010 (last update April 13th, 2012)
This Terms of Service (Terms) is a legally binding agreement that governs your use of purplelampstudios.com and all the services that purplelamp.com offers on the purplelamp.com Web Site including the games and applications offered by Purple Lamp Studios GmbH (Purple Lamp) and accessed through third party websites.
User
This Terms apply to all customers, visitors, users, and others who view the Purple Lamp-Sites (users), including users who are also contributors of images, video, information, and other materials or services on the Purple Lamp-Sites. Each time accessing and using our games, content, activities and services by accessing it through your web browser or other application provided by Purple Lamp or its service providers and partners you agree to be bound by the following Terms of Use and the Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to any of these terms, then you must immediately discontinue your use of Purple Lamp-Sites.
Ownership
Unless otherwise specified in writing, all materials that are part of the Service are owned, controlled, or licensed by Purple Lamp and are protected by law from unauthorized use. The entire contents of the Service are copyrighted under Austrian copyright laws and/or similar laws of other jurisdictions and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of Purple Lamp. Purple Lamp, the Purple Lamp logos, and all game names are trademarks of Purple Lamp and may not be used without the express written permission of Purple Lamp.
Third Party Sites
Purple Lamp Sites may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by Purple Lamp. Purple Lamp has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, Purple Lamp will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Purple Lamp Sites, you expressly relieve Purple Lamp from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Purple Lamp is provided on an „as is“ and „as available” basis. Purple Lamp makes no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, as to the operation of purplelamp.com or the information, content, materials, or products included. Without limiting the foregoing, neither Purple Lamp nor any of their parties (directors, employees, agents, attorneys, thirt-party content providers, distributors, licensees or licensors) warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. You expressly agree that your use of Purple Lamp is at your sole risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer sytem or loss of data that result from using Purple Lamp and its services.
Limitation of Liability
Purple Lamp will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of purplelamp.com and/or third party web sites including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, including lost profits, goodwill, or any other intangible loss, even if Purple Lamp has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Purple Lamp-Sites are controlled and offered by Purple Lamp from its facilities in Austria. Purple Lamp makes no representations that the Purple Lamp-Sites are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Purple Lamp Sites from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
Modification of Terms
Purple Lamp reserves the right to change or modify the Terms at any time. We will attempt to give you advance notice of any substantive changes, but reserve the right to make such modifications immediately if required. If you use Purple Lamp Services after any of such changes become effective you are accepting the new Terms. If you do not agree, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Services. It is your responsibility to check if there have been changes to these Terms and to review such changes.
Google Analytics
Purple Lamp website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use a site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use are the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Purple Lamp concerning the Services, and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements regarding the foregoing. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.
The Services are operated and provided by Purple Lamp Studios GmbH, Schellinggasse 6/6 Vienna, Austria 1010.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact Purple Lamp at office@purplelamp.com.
Purple Lamp Studios Our studio
Our games
Career
Jobs
Career tips
Life in Vienna
Moving to Austria
Contact Schellinggasse 6/6
Vienna, 1010
Austria
office@purplelamp.com
Follow us
Legal information Firmenbuchnummer: 414526y
Zuständiges Gericht: Handelsgericht Wien UID-Nr.: ATU 68680000
Terms of service
EN | DE
Cookie policy
EN | DE
GDPR policy
EN | DE
Our studio
Career
Career tips
Life in Vienna
Moving to Austria
Jobs
Projects
SpongeBob SquarePants
Sea of Thieves
The Guild 3
5 jobs
Purple Lamp Studios
Schellinggasse 6/6
Vienna, 1010
Austria
office@purplelamp.com
Lighting the way. In purple.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.SettingsONLY NECESSARYACCEPT ALLPrivacy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We might use third-party cookies that help us analyse to understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You have the option to opt-out of these cookies at any time. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.