http://www.fuo-motorsports.com/privacy-policy/
Fuo Motor Sports
Mobile Marketing Success
Successful mobile marketing is an art, including multiple strategies and techniques, and it can be difficult to know where to begin.
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Message Us
Mobile Marketing
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy:FUO Motor Sports ("FUO Motor Sports") operates fuo-motorsports.com/ and may operate other websites. It is FUO Motor Sports' policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, FUO Motor Sports collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. FUO Motor Sports' purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how FUO Motor Sports' visitors use its website. From time to time, FUO Motor Sports may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
FUO Motor Sports also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on fuo-motorsports.com/ blogs/sites. FUO Motor Sports only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to FUO Motor Sports' websites choose to interact with FUO Motor Sports in ways that require FUO Motor Sports to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that FUO Motor Sports gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at fuo-motorsports.com/ to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with FUO Motor Sports are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, FUO Motor Sports collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with FUO Motor Sports. FUO Motor Sports does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
FUO Motor Sports may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. FUO Motor Sports may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, FUO Motor Sports does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
FUO Motor Sports discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on FUO Motor Sports' behalf or to provide services available at FUO Motor Sports' websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using FUO Motor Sports' websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. FUO Motor Sports will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, FUO Motor Sports discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when FUO Motor Sports believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of FUO Motor Sports, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an FUO Motor Sports website and have supplied your email address, FUO Motor Sports may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with FUO Motor Sports and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. FUO Motor Sports takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. FUO Motor Sports uses cookies to help FUO Motor Sports identify and track visitors, their usage of FUO Motor Sports website, and their website access preferences. FUO Motor Sports visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using FUO Motor Sports' websites, with the drawback that certain features of FUO Motor Sports' websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If FUO Motor Sports, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that FUO Motor Sports goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of FUO Motor Sports may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by FUO Motor Sports and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, FUO Motor Sports may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in FUO Motor Sports' sole discretion. FUO Motor Sports encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a fuo-motorsports.com/ account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search
Social Icon
Recent Posts
12 Good reasons You ought to Tumble In Absolutely love With Payroll Services Minnepolis.
Top 1 Tourism Destination In Rapid Growth Guy Matthew Pollard.
Find out how To make more mOney With MWR Financial Testimonials.
How Marco Island Condos For Sale Can Raise your Profit!
8 Times That Essentially Sum Up Your Basics of income tax Have.
Marketing Land – Internet Marketing News, Strategies & TipsThe importance of governance for digital asset managementSitecore announces headless CMS offeringCabinetM launches LibraryM, a martech resourceDOOH industry moves to standardize ad inventoryReasons why not to buy a shiny new thingWhy Predictability is More Important than Speed in Agile MarketingUsing AI to replace cookies with contextHow one CRM platform is helping drive the revenue cycleHow marketers can identify the right ABM vendorSalesforce signs agreement to acquire Slack
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme bluesip by Mkhuda