http://www.mysterygamecentral.com/privacy.html
Mystery Game Central - Murder Mystery Games and Party Kits
Home
Board Games
Party Games
Software
Jigsaw Puzzles
Online Games
News
Home 
Privacy Policy
Mystery Game Central Privacy Policy
Mystery Game Central is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its users.
Mystery Game Central has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination
practices for this web site.
Information Automatically Logged
Mystery Game Central respects the privacy and rights of its visitors. No effort is made to
identify individuals without their knowledge. Our web servers automatically log certain
anonymous details about each visitor, including browser type, domain name, and IP address.
This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
Cookies
Mystery Game Central does not directly use cookies.
However, other web sites associated
with this site may do so.
These other web sites include advertisers, partners, and web site
statistic services. Any cookies are used solely to provide the best possible service to you,
and Mystery Game Central does not have access to these cookies.
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites
or from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies from your web browser. These options
are generally set through a "Privacy" setting in your browser setup.
Advertisers
We may use outside ad companies to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies.
Cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad companies, and we do not have
access to this information.
Personal Information
If you subscribe to the Newsletter, your email
address will only be used to send you the newsletter and not for any other purpose. This web site
does not share any personal information with any third parties. If you are subscribed to the
newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link that is
included in each message.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Mystery Game Central is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Contacting This Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
About Google and DoubleClick DART
We use third-party advertising companies (including Google and DoubleClick DART) to serve
ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a
third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie
enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on
the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Additional Information About Mystery Game Central
About This Site
Contact Us
Link To Us
Terms & Conditions
Find A Mystery Game
Mystery Game Information
Mystery Game FAQs
Mystery Game Links
Mystery Game Publishers
Mystery Game Authors
Mystery Game Reviews
Keep Up With Us
Free Subscriptions
Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us on Facebook
Copyright  2007-2020 by MysteryGameCentral.com  All Rights Reserved
About This Site 
Contact Us 
Link To Us 
Privacy Policy 
Terms 
Bookmark This Site 
Search 
What's New? 
RSS Feeds