https://www.yourplayingcards.com/terms-of-service/
Create Your Card Deck
Custom Playing Cards
Overview
Pricing
Plastic or Paper?
Packaging Options
Large Run Orders
Turnaround Time / Shipping
FAQ
Free Extras
Special Offers
Other Printed Products
About Us
Overview
Clients & Testimonials
About AdMagic Inc.
News
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Please read the following terms of use and disclaimer
carefully before using this website. By using this site and/or our services,
you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms, you should
not use.
Copyright
All site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the
selection and arrangements of the site are © Admagic Inc, owner of www.Yourplayingcards.com .
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print
hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with
Your Playing Cards or using this site as a shopping resource. Any other use of
materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those
noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, without prior written
permission of  Your Playing Cards is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
All graphics, playing card styles, software and trade names
are proprietary information to Your Playing Cards a Division of Admagic Inc.
Disclaimer/Limitation Of Liabilities
YOUR PLAYING CARDS, an AdMagic Brand, owner of Yourplayingcards.com is providing this site and its contents on an “as is” basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its content. YOUR PLAYING CARDS disclaims all such representations and warranties. YOUR PLAYING CARDS do not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current.
Neither YOUR PLAYING CARDS, nor any of its directors,
employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or
in connection with the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of
liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without
limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of
data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third
parties.
Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.We are not responsible for delays regarding the delivery process and orders cannot be cancelled as stated below.
Privacy Policy
YOUR PLAYING CARDS and its affiliates respect the privacy of
its users. We do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information regarding
its customers to any third party. Any information you provide us is held with
the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have
not consented. We may however send emails to registered users and current customers
offering special discounts for future purchases that are not advertised on the
site.
Use of Information
YOUR PLAYING CARDS will not collect any personal information
about individuals except specifically name, company name, postal address, email
address, phone number and product commentary or questions. Upon the purchase of
products such information will be used for shipping purposes.
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes, YOUR PLAYING CARDS uses a feature of your Internet web
browser called a “cookie” to assign a unique identification to your computer.
Cookies are files that your web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. YOUR
PLAYING CARDS creates and uses these cookie files to track your clicks as you
navigate through our site. Cookies cannot be used by YOUR PLAYING CARDS to
retrieve any personal information about you.
We Use Cookies To:
Gather data about site visits and site functionality. You
can choose to turn off all cookies through your browser.
Funds
All YOUR PLAYING CARDS items are priced in United States
Dollars (USD). YOUR PLAYING CARDS accepts Discover, MasterCard and Visa credit
cards through its payment gateway 2co.com. Payment is due when the order is
placed and all sales are final. Being a custom product with no resale value,
there are no refunds with the exception of defects in the manufacturing
process. Shipping charges and artwork/design fees are not refundable.
Sales Tax
YOUR PLAYING CARDS does NOT charge sales tax as we are a New
Hampshire company.
Shipping & Delivery
How long does my package take to arrive at its destination?
Domestically we process all orders within 2-3 days, large orders may be shipped
from our overseas factory and delivery times can vary. If there is a specific
date they are needed it is important that we are aware when the order is
placed. We are not responsible for delays in delivery beyond our control. We
ship out your packages many different ways including, but not limited to, UPS,
FedEx, DHL, and USPS as well as Sea Freight. When you order directly from the
site you can then choose a shipping method.
If your order is a hot rush utilizing “FAST DEAL SERVICE”
you can be assured it will take priority. Otherwise the normal policy is all
orders are expedited and shipped ASAP. Although the normal turn around for
orders is 2-3 BUSINESS DAYS, certain busy periods may delay that time frame.
Plastic decks always take longer to manufacture. PLEASE NOTE: International
orders vary on delivery times based on the country, city and method chosen for
shipping.
Shipping Errors
All claims for missing items must be made within 30 days.
Please take extra care when entering your shipping address at checkout.
Damaged Goods
If the package is damaged please call our Customer Service
at 1-800-364-3201. Damaged goods may only be returned and exchanged for the
same item.
Shipping Address Information
Should you require the modification of an address (missing
apartment or suite number, transposed street number etc.) please contact us @
1-800-364-3201 ASAP. Should you require a complete change of “Ship To”
information you will be required to send that information via email to:
shipping@yourplayingcards.com and be sure to have your order number as part of
the subject line. Additional charges may apply.
Cancellation Policy
Once an order has been placed, the order cannot be cancelled
if it’s already been manufactured. All cancellations should be made within 12
hours of the order date to avoid charges. We have the right to cancel orders
for any reason and return the funds, this may be due to artwork issues or
updated fraud review information. Orders are processed everyday Monday-Friday.
Return Policy
Being that we manufacture a custom product with NO resale
value, returns are only accepted if there is an error or defect. The liability
of YOUR PLAYING CARDS arising out of any cause, other than a delay in delivery
which we are not liable, is limited to full refund of the purchase price or at
our option, repair or replacement of the product. Shipping costs and art/design
services are not refundable. YOUR PLAYING CARDS shall not be liable for any
consequential or incidental damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion or
limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or
exclusion may not apply to you. Prices subject to change.
Our Corporate Address
YourPlayingCards.com | An AdMagic Brand34A Londonderry Road, Londonderry, NH 03053
Email: info@yourplayingcards.com
Typographical Errors
YOUR PLAYING CARDS is not responsible for typographical
error or omissions relating to pricing, copy, photography or application.
Can I Order by Mail or Fax?
Yes, we understand that, while none of our customers have ever had trouble with security on our site, many of you still may not feel comfortable ordering over the internet. With that in mind we try to make your offline shopping experience as simple as it is for our online customers.To order by fax, or mail, print out and fill out the form from our site then either:
Fax Order:
1-603-898-6963
Phone Order: 1-800-364-3201
or 1-603-894-9868
Our live representatives are available to take your call
between the hours of 8:00AM and 4:00PM EST Monday through Friday.
International
Customers: 001-603-894-9868
Mail Orders
Your Playing Cards 2 Industrial Way Salem, NH 03079
Please be sure and include your credit card number and
expiration date if faxing or sending in the mail, this information can also be
relayed to us on the phone. We do accept
checks and money orders for mail orders, however they must clear before we ship
which may delay your order by a week or more.
What Are My Shipping Options?
Once you place your order, shipping and handling amounts are calculated based on the shipping method you chose at checkout. In selecting your choice of shipping methods, please keep in mind that the shipping charge is based on the product you order.
Customs Charges
We cannot and will not be liable for any custom, duty or tax
charges by your country. This is your responsibility.
How Do I Contact You?
You can reach a live representative by calling us at 1-800-364-3201 or 1-603-894-9868 between the hours of 8:00 AM and 4:00 PM EST Monday through Friday. Or feel free to email any time at: info@yourplayingcards.com. If you should have any technical concerns or problems navigating within our site, please let us know ASAP.
Agreeing to Terms of Use
By using this site and/or placing an order, constitutes
acceptance of the above terms of use and disclaimers.
Create Your Custom Card Deck Now!
Your custom card deck is waiting for you! Create a fully custom card deck (card backs and faces) with our easy to use custom card deck builder now.
Create Your Deck!
Recent PostsHow Can Customized Playing Cards Be the Ticket to Amuse Yourself During Quarantine?March 17, 2020Coronavirus has hit the world severely, and it is at its peak right now. It has resulted in so many deaths across the globe that it is being termed as…View Post »Add Color to Your Life with Custom Playing CardsMarch 10, 2020Custom playing cards have become all the rage today and for an excellent reason. They add a certain element of excitement to dull evenings. Playing cards have been in use…View Post »What Makes Personalized Playing Cards Better Than the Regular Ones?March 3, 2020Do you enjoy playing poker? Have you heard about photo playing cards where you can customize them as per your choice? If not, you must learn about the fantastic personalized…View Post »News Categories
Custom Card Games (7)
Personalized Playing Cards (10)
Search for:
Search
Input your search keywords and press Enter.