https://www.sega.co.uk/cookiepolicy
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Games
Mobile
News
Merch Store
Careers
Apply
Select Language:
SEGA UK - Cookie Policy
SEGA Cookie Policy
SEGA, its subsidiaries and affiliates (“we”, “us” and “our”) use cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our websites and online services ("Websites").  This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you access the Websites. These technologies can also be used to collect anonymised statistics about your browsing experience on our Websites and to support our electronic marketing activities.
For information about how SEGA processes your personal data when you use our Websites, you should refer to our Privacy Policy.
Which technologies does SEGA use on its Websites?
SEGA uses a range of technical tools, including advertising IDs, tags, web beacons, tracking pixels, and cookies (collectively the “Cookies” or “Cookie”) when you visit our Websites.  A Cookie is a small data file that gets downloaded onto your computer, mobile device or laptop when you visit our Websites. They generally contain two bits of information: a site name and a unique user identifier. Once the Cookie is on your device, our Website "knows" that you have been there before and can then use that knowledge to tailor the experience that you receive.
Why do we use Cookies?
To understand how you interact with our products and services, including the Websites (collectively, the “Products”).
To improve your experience on our Websites. For example, by remembering preferences about your use of our Websites such as your username, chosen language or region, so that you do not need to enter these details each time you visit our Websites.
To improve the performance of our Websites. Cookies enable us to understand the functionality of our Websites and identify if any sections need optimising.
To support our electronic marketing activities, including the delivery of relevant advertising to you on our Websites and elsewhere. This may include combining data that we already hold about you with the data collected through Cookies.
To measure the effectiveness of our electronic marketing activities and how you engage with them.
To measure the frequency of adverts being served to visitors to our Websites and the related cost of this.
What Cookies do we use?
We use the following Cookies on our Websites:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These Cookies are required for the operation of our Websites. They enable basic site functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas, such as when you sign in to your online account. The Websites cannot function properly without these Cookies. Strictly Necessary Cookies are enabled when you visit our Websites. If you block these Cookies, it may impact your experience when using our Websites.
Functional and Analytics Cookies
Functional and Analytics Cookies help us to improve our Websites by collecting and reporting information on your use of our Websites. This includes analytics and re-marketing Cookies that allow us to monitor and analyse web traffic, understand visitor behaviours on the Websites, and enables us to analyse the success of our marketing campaigns and Products. Functional and Analytics Cookies also enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation when you visit our Websites and interact with our Products. Any Functional and Analytics Cookie data that we collect is fully anonymised.
Marketing Cookies
Marketing Cookies collect information about your browsing habits and enable us to show you adverts whilst you browse our Websites and other online sites. These Cookies may be set by us or our third party partners to understand the performance of our marketing activities, understand the way you interact with our marketing campaigns, and to improve the relevance of the adverts that you receive.
Marketing Cookies on our Websites, as well as those contained within marketing emails you have signed up to, may include pixels and web beacons. The unique identifiers in these technologies enable us to recognise when you open our emails, which content you have interacted with on our Websites and email marketing materials, your IP address or other unique identifier, and the date and time of your interactions with our content. We use the data in these Cookies to create reports about how our email marketing campaigns perform. If unique identifiers are combined with other Cookie information held on your device, it could be used to create a profile that identifies users of our Websites. You can find out more information about pixel tracking used by SEGA in our Privacy Policy.
You may be able to interact with third party social networking sites from our Websites, for instance by clicking “Like” or “Share” using the social sharing plugins. You should refer to the privacy policies of these third party platforms (such as Facebook and Twitter) to find out more about how they process data about you, and/or to opt-out from the Cookies that these third parties serve. SEGA shall not be responsible for your use of and/or interactions with third party websites.
For a list of the third party providers that we use to serve Marketing Cookies, please click here.
Retention period
Whenever Cookies are placed on your devices when you visit our Websites, the data/information contained within the Cookie is held on your device for a maximum period of 12 months.
Opting out or turning Cookies off
With the exception of Strictly Necessary Cookies (which we use on the basis of our legitimate interests), you will be asked to consent to the storage of Cookies on your device when you interact with one of our Websites.
You can use the settings on your browser to block and/or clear certain Cookies, including third party Marketing Cookies, or use the Civic cookies tool to manage your cookie preferences. You can also refer to  http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices in order to control your interest-based advertising preferences online. Opting out of interest-based advertising cookies will not mean that you won't see adverts online, it simply means that the adverts you are served are not directly tailored to your browsing habits.
Contact
For information about SEGA’s data processing practices in relation to your personal data, please see https://www.sega.co.uk/Privacy.
If you have any questions or comments about our Cookie Policy, or our data processing practices, you can contact us:
By email at:                  help@sega.co.uk
By telephone on:          +44 845 301 5502
By writing to us at:
SEGA Europe Limited
Customer Services
27 Great West Road
Brentford
Middlesex
TW8 9BW
United Kingdom
You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@sega.co.uk.
Updated September 2020
Trending
SEGA Facebook
All games
Upcoming games
Brands
Alien Isolation™
Bayonetta™
Company of Heroes™
Dawn of War™
Endless Space™
Football Manager™
Hatsune Miku™
Motorsport Manager™
Shenmue™
Sonic The Hedgehog™
Total War™
Two Point™
Vanquish™
Yakuza™
Platforms
Android
iOS
Nintendo Switch™
PC Download
PS4
Xbox One®
Xbox Series X
View all platforms
Popular tags
Action
Adventure
Aliens
Fighting
Free to play
Puzzle
Racing
Sonic the Hedgehog
Strategy
Total War
Games
SEGA Forever
Check out the latest mobile games.
A blog about the latest mobile games.
Follow @SEGA