http://www.wintools.com/comm/privacy.htm
AUTOMATION
EDUCATION AND GAMES
FINANCE
Support
Privacy Statement
Insight Software Solutions, Inc. respects your right to personal privacy and confidentiality.
Information Collection and Use
Insight Software Solutions is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We do not sell, rent, share or provide your private information to other firms or individuals. Currently, information is collected on our
web sites when you: 1) Order a Product, 2) Request Support, 3) Report a Bug or 4) Subscribe to our Email Newsletter.
Order a Product
We require information on our product order forms such as contact information (name, address, telephone number) and credit card information. The information we
collect is used to process and fulfill your order. We maintain the information you provide in a customer database (except for credit card information) to have a record that you
are a licensed customer. This information may also be used to contact you in case of problems with the order. No credit card information is saved on our servers.
Request Support, Report a Bug
We ask for basic name and email information so we can request additional information if necessary. We may also contact you when a bug you reported is fixed or a feature you
requested is implemented.
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter
The What's New at Insight Software Solutions email newsletter is used to notify subscribers of updates or enhancements to our products. Subscribers must opt in to receive
these email newsletters. The only information required is an email address. Users may opt out of this service at any time by unsubscribing.
Cookies
We use cookies to store shopping cart information and to remember your preferences when requesting support. We use Google Analytics to evaluate the use of our websites. Google
Analytics places a cookie on your computer that is then used to compile reports of visitor traffic and internet usage. Google analytics does not have a database of
individual profiles for each visitor and only collects aggregate data.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating
website on each subsequent visit. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve
the user experience. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Opting Out of Cookies
By using our website, you consent to the placement of the cookies. We do not require that you accept cookies and you may withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time
by adjusting your browser's privacy settings. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Some functionality on our websites may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies.
GDPR for EU Residents
The General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), an EU-wide legal framework for the standardization of data protection, grants certain rights to you as a "Data Subject" such as the right to access, correct, restrict and erase your personal data. For
questions or to exercise these rights please contact us at privacy@wintools.com.
Insight Software Solutions primarily processes data as a controller. The Personal Data we process is necessary for us to take steps at your request prior to entering into a
contract with you. For example, if you express your interest in purchasing one of our Products, such as by filling out a web form, we will process the Personal Data submitted
to comply with your request. This may include sharing your Personal Data with one of our authorized payment processors who will then use your Personal Data to complete the
purchase transaction. In addition, we are legally obligated to provide certain information to criminal prosecution or tax authorities in individual cases upon request.
Collecting Information from Children
Insight Software Solutions has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information from individuals under 18 years of age. If a parent or guardian becomes
aware that their child has provided us with personally identifiable information or that we have otherwise inadvertently collected this information, contact us
at privacy@wintools.com and we will immediately delete the information from our servers.
Security
Insight Software Solutions takes every precaution to keep all information from our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use.
Notification of Changes
Please note that from time to time we review our privacy practices, and that our current practices are subject to change. We encourage our visitors to periodically review
this page to become familiar with our privacy statement and any possible changes. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you may contact us
at: privacy@wintools.com.
Contact Us | Trademarks
Copyright © 2020 Insight Software Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.