http://www.bingo.com/general-info/terms
Home Bingo Casino Live Casino Games Promotions
About us
About Bingo.com
About Kindred Group
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Responsible Gaming
Responsible Gaming
Test your gambling profile
Terms and Conditions Print Table of Contents1 General Introduction, definitions and stipulations 2 Licences 3 Account rules 4 Payment rules 5 Security rules 6 Disclaimer 7 Bonus rules 8 Chat functionality rules 9 Casino - Games - Live Casino 10 Lottery Betting (default translation) 11 $translations.headline 12 Bingo & Side Games 13 Claims and disputes 14 Amendments 1 General Introduction, definitions and stipulations1.1 "Unibet" is Trannel (International) Ltd, a company duly registered on 28 March 2000 under the laws of Malta, with Company Registration No. C 26127, and having its registered office and business address at  Level 6 - The Centre, Tigne Point - Sliema, TPO 0001 – Malta; email info@unibetsupport.com; website www.bingo.com.1.2 "Bingo.com" is a brand operated by Unibet.
1.3 The “Unibet Rules" are the terms and conditions constituting the complete, final and exclusive agreement between the Account Holder and Unibet, and governing the contractual relationship between Unibet and the Account Holder. The Unibet Rules supersede and merge all prior agreements, representations and understandings between the Account Holder and Unibet. By opening a Unibet Account, registering, logging-in, using the Services, participating in the games, or accepting any Prize, a visitor or an Account Holder fully understands and agrees:a. to become a party to the Unibet Rules,b. that he/she has read, understood and will be adhering to these Terms and Conditions, andc. that he/she shall abide by all its terms.Unibet may update, amend, edit and supplement the Unibet Rules at any time. Any substantial amendment to the Unibet Rules shall be notified in advance by Unibet to the Account Holder before coming into effect.
All references in the Unibet Rules to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. All references to “the” shall include “a/an” and vice versa.
1.4 An “Account Holder” is an individual having a contractual relationship with Unibet by creating a Unibet Account on the Website.
1.5 A “Unibet Account” is an account held by an Account Holder, for bona fide transactions, with a strict aim to establish a normal commercial relationship with Unibet and with the strict purpose of conducting betting and other gaming and gambling transactions.
1.6 The “Contract” is the contractual relationship between Unibet and an Account Holder and shall be constituted under and governed by the Unibet Rules i.e. the "Terms and Conditions".
1.7 The "Governing Authorities" are the authorities of Malta.
1.8 The "Governing Law" is the law of Malta.
1.9 The "Place of the Contract" is Malta.
1.10 The “Regulator” is the Malta Gaming Authority, which is a regulatory authority established by Maltese law to govern all forms of gaming in Malta. For more information, please go to www.mga.org.mt.
1.11 The "Website" is the internet gateway accessible through the internet address www.bingo.com where all current and relevant information regarding Unibet's operations is published, and through which the Services are provided to the Account Holders.
1.12 The “Services” are the gaming and betting offers provided by Unibet to the Account Holder through the Website.
1.13 The "Gaming and Betting Duty" refers to the special tax applicable on gaming and betting in Malta.
1.14 A "Card" refers to all types of cards with a function of "payment", "charge", "debit", "credit", "virtual" and/or similar.
1.15 A "Payment Solution Provider" is an intermediary acting as a payment agent for various different payment methods.
1.16 A "Financial Institution" is a bank and/or other institution regulated by an applicable domestic financial services Act or similar.
1.17 “Force Majeure" refers to any occurrence or condition beyond one's reasonable control which leads to a delay or default in the performance of the affected party's contractual obligation and shall, for the purposes of the Unibet Rules, include Acts of God, government restrictions (including the denial or cancellation of any necessary licence where such denial or cancellation is made through no fault of the affected party), wars, outbreak of hostilities, riots, civil disturbances, insurrections, acts of terrorism, fire, explosions, floods, theft, malicious damage, strikes, lockouts, and/or any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the party whose performance is affected.
1.18 “Client Application” shall mean the web browser application opened by the Account Holder in order to use the Services.
1.19 “Software” shall mean all software used by Unibet to offer and/or operate the Services and/or run the Client Application.
1.20 A “Prize” is an amount, a bonus or a reward that can be won by the Account Holder.
1.21 An “Inactive Account” is a Unibet Account which has not recorded any log-in and/or log-out for a period exceeding 12 consecutive months.
1.22 All trademarks, service marks and trade names as well as images, graphics, text, concepts or methodologies (collectively the “Intellectual Assets”) found on the Website, the Client Application and the material contained therein are the exclusive property of Unibet and/or Unibet’s suppliers and partners. The Account Holder is not entitled to exploit or otherwise use any Intellectual Asset for whatever purpose, except for what is allowed by law.Back to top 2 LicencesUnibet has received the approval to provide the Services from the Regulator who issued and regulates the following licence:MGA/B2C/106/2000 issued on 1st August 2018 valid until 17th July 2028.Back to top 3 Account rules3.1 Creation of a Unibet Account
3.1.1 An individual cannot participate in a game for money unless that individual is an Account Holder. To be registered as a player, an individual must submit an application for registration and provide at least the following information:a. date of birth (showing that the player is over eighteen (18) years of age);b. player's first and last name;c. player's place of residence;d. player's valid email address; ande. a username and a password3.1.2 An individual applying to become an Account Holder warrants and represents not to be under the age of eighteen (18) years. Minors cannot register as a player and cannot hold a Unibet Account. Unibet reserves the right to request proof of age and perform checks in order to verify the information provided. A Unibet Account may be suspended until satisfactory proof of age is provided.
3.1.3 An individual applying to become an Account Holder furthermore warrants and represents:a. to be a physical person (a legal entity will not be accepted as an Account Holder);b. not to be a resident of Afghanistan, Angola, Bulgaria, Bahamas, Botswana, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Czech Republic, Algeria, Ecuador, Egypt, Eritrea, Spain, Ethiopia, Faroe Islands, France, French Guiana, Ghana, Greenland, Guadeloupe, Greece, Guam, Guinea-Bissau, Hong Kong, Haiti, Iraq, Iran, Jordan, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Kuwait, Sri Lanka, Libya, Saint Martin (French part), Myanmar, Martinique, Mexico, Philippines, Pakistan, Puerto Rico, Portugal, Réunion, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Singapore, Slovenia, Somalia, South Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Turkmenistan, Tunisia, Turkey, Trinidad and Tobago, United States Minor Outlying Islands, United States, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, US Virgin Islands, Yemen, Zimbabwe, American Samoa, Congo, Cambodia, Panama, Samoa, Brazil, Switzerland, Mongolia (please be aware of particular country exclusions for Casino - Games - Live Casino, Poker and Bingo);c. not to be a professional player in any sport, competition or league where Unibet offers betting;d. not to be restricted by limited legal capacity;e. not to be acting on behalf of another party;f. not to be classified as a compulsive problem gambler, and/or be included (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) on any register or database of excluded players;g. not to be depositing monies originating from criminal and/or other unauthorised activities;h. not to be depositing monies through a Card which the Account Holder is not authorised to use and/or utilising a Card in a jurisdiction in which betting and gaming are prohibited;i. not to be conducting criminal activities whereby a Unibet Account is directly or indirectly involved;j. not to be holding an active account with another legal entity which is part of the same group as Unibet, meaning other entities directly or indirectly controlled by Unibet Group Plc;k. not to use the Services if it is illegal in his/her country of residence or otherwise restricted for him/her to open a gaming account, purchase or use services from Unibet and/or otherwise participate in the games offered. It is the Account Holder’s responsibility to ensure his/her use of Unibet’s Website and Services is legal;l. not to find the Website or the Services offensive, objectionable, unfair, nor indecent; andm. to maintain his/her Unibet Account details up-to-date in terms of the following: first and last name, country of residence, valid email address and phone number.3.1.4 An individual applying for a Unibet Account acknowledges and accepts:a. all definitions and stipulations as stated under the Unibet Rules;b. the Unibet Rules as currently published on the Website, as well as any possible future changes to the Unibet Rules;c. that the Place of the Contract is Malta; andd. that the Contract is governed by: (i) the Unibet Rules as published in English; (ii) any regulatory provisions or other decisions made from time to time by the Governing Authorities; and (iii) the Governing Law of the Place of the Contract.3.1.5 An individual applying for registration warrants and represents that any information provided in their application form is true and correct. Failing this, Unibet will not register the individual, and where that individual has already been registered, Unibet will block the Unibet Account when it becomes aware that the individual has provided false information when registering as a player.
3.2 Management of the Unibet Account
3.2.1 Unibet reserves the right at its own discretion and at all times, to:a. decline to open a Unibet Account and/or to close or suspend an existing Unibet Account without any explanation whatsoever;b. decline to accept deposits without any explanation whatsoever;c. request documents to verify: (i) the identity of the Account Holder, (ii) his/her authorisation to use a specific Card and/or (iii) other facts and information provided by the Account Holder. Such request may be made at any given moment and Unibet reserves the right to suspend an account pending investigation;d. transfer and/or license, without prior notice, data regarding an Account Holder to any other legal entity, in any country, ultimately managed and controlled by Unibet Group Plc., subject to Unibet guaranteeing that the said data at all times is transferred and managed in accordance with applicable laws, data protection acts and/or similar;e. transfer and/or license, without prior notice, the rights and liabilities regarding an Account Holder to any other legal entity, in any country, ultimately managed and controlled by Unibet Group Plc., subject to Unibet guaranteeing the liabilities being honoured;f. hold and manage funds belonging to Account Holders in accordance with generally accepted guidelines for cash management regarding such funds; this may include a Financial Institution and/or a Payment Solution Provider being entrusted to hold funds in the name of and/or for the benefit of Account Holders;g. forfeit and/or confiscate funds available on a Unibet Account and/or refuse to honour a claim, in the event that, directly or indirectly: (i) the Unibet Rules have been violated; and/or (ii) other unauthorised activities have occurred in connection with a betting event and/or the operation of a Unibet Account (such as, but not limited to, breach of the law or other regulations, breach of a third party’s rights, fraud, and cheating);h. suspend and/or cancel the participation of an Account Holder in the games, promotional activities, competitions or other services, whenever Unibet is of the opinion that there are legitimate concerns that a Unibet Account is, has been, or may be used for illegal, fraudulent or dishonest practices;i. suspend and/or cancel the participation of the Account Holder in the Services, and/or forfeit and/or confiscate funds available on their Unibet Account if the Account Holder is found cheating, or if it is determined by Unibet that the Account Holder has employed or made use of a system (including machines, robots, computers, software or any other automated system) designed to defeat or capable of defeating the Client Application and/or Software.3.2.2 If the Unibet account has been suspended in accordance with the clauses above, and has been suspended for more than 12 months, Unibet reserves the right to charge a monthly administrative fee until the account balance reaches zero. The administrative fee deducted in accordance with this clause 3.2.2 shall vest in Unibet on deduction from the Suspended Account and will cease to form part of the Account Holder’s funds. Unibet reserves the right to close the Suspended Account once the account reaches zero balance. If there are no funds on the account, the account will not be charged and it will be closed immediately.3.2.3 Unibet warrants and represents at all times to:a. manage funds belonging to Account Holders in a secure and appropriate manner; and/orb. absorb the cost of and pay the Gaming and Betting Duty, as applicable, at the Place of the Contract;c. manage data regarding an Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws, data protection acts and/or similar;d. not offer contingencies to customers to proceed to any fund transfer between customers’ accounts.3.2.4 Unibet shall keep Account Holders' funds separate from Unibet's own funds in a client account held with a Financial Institution approved by the Regulator.
3.2.5 A Unibet Account does not accrue interest. The Account Holder shall not treat Unibet as a financial institution.
3.2.6 An Account Holder can only hold one Unibet Account at a time. In the event that this rule is breached, Unibet reserves the right to block and/or delete the superfluous Unibet Account(s) held by the Account Holder in breach of this clause, and reallocate all the funds to a single Unibet Account. No bonus given to the superfluous Unibet Account(s) will be reallocated.
3.2.7 A Unibet Account is non-transferable. It is prohibited for players to sell, transfer or acquire accounts from or to other players. Funds cannot be transferred between Unibet accounts.
3.2.8 An Account Holder shall not allow any other individual, including any minor, to use or reuse its Unibet Account, access and/or use any material or information from the Website, accept any Prize, or access and/or participate in the Services.
3.3 Responsible gaming – Account settings
3.3.1 An Account Holder may, in the Unibet Account settings:a. set a limit on the amount that they may wager or deposit into their Unibet Account within a specified period of time, depending on their country of residence;b. exclude themselves from playing for a definite period of time.3.3.2 An Account Holder who has set a limit as above in a) may change or revoke the limit in the Unibet account settings. Increasing or revoking a limit takes effect seven days after Unibet has registered the change. Decreasing a limit takes effect immediately after Unibet has registered the change. Unibet shall not accept a wager from an Account Holder contrary to a limit or exclusion set by themselves as above.
3.3.3 If Unibet believes that a player’s gambling will cause them financial or personal difficulties, Unibet reserve the right to close their Unibet Account.
3.3.4 Kindly be advised that gambling can be addictive. If a player deems to require help to overcome any such addiction, they should kindly follow this link  to the Responsible Gaming page of the Website.
3.4 Inactive accounts
3.4.1 An “Inactive Account" is a Unibet Account which has no record of any log-in and/or log-out for a period exceeding twelve (12) consecutive months.3.4.2 Unibet reserves the right to charge a monthly administrative fee for Inactive Accounts. The monthly fee for Unibet Accounts held in euros is set at EUR 5. The following monthly fees apply to Unibet Accounts held in other currencies: BGN 10, BRL 13, CAD 7, CHF 5, CZK 130, DKK 35, GBP 4, HRK 38, HUF 1320, LTL 17, NOK 40, PLN 20, RON 20, SEK 50, and USD 7. The administrative fee will be charged and deducted from the Inactive Account at the beginning of the month following the month in which the Unibet Account became inactive.
3.4.3 Unibet reserves the right to close the Inactive Account once the account reaches zero balance. All Account Holders whose Unibet Accounts remain inactive for 12 months will be notified within 30 days prior to any fees being charged to their Unibet Accounts. The Account Holders may therefore reactivate their Unibet Accounts by logging in/logging out or withdrawing their funds within the 30 days’ time window without incurring any fees. Should any Account Holder reactivate their Unibet Account within three months, they will be refunded any inactivity fees.
3.4.4 The Inactive Account will be de-activated if:a. no transactions have been recorded on a Unibet Account for a period of 30 consecutive months; andb. Unibet has made reasonable efforts to contact the Account Holder of the Inactive Account but the Account Holder could not be satisfactorily located or the required payment instructions were not available. 3.5 Chargeback
3.5.1 Subject to the sub-clauses below and without prejudice to Unibet’s right to seek redress under any applicable legislation, regulation, enactment or policy, or under any other provision of the Unibet Rules, Unibet shall have the right to block a Unibet Account when a chargeback has been requested in relation to that Unibet Account.
3.5.2 When a chargeback has been requested, Unibet will send a “Chargeback Notice” to the Account Holder at the email address mentioned in the Account Holder’s details, in order to seek confirmation of the Account Holder’s identity and of the payment method used to credit to the Account Holder’s Unibet Account any funds entirely unrelated to a chargeback (“Untainted Funds”).
In the absence of confirmation by the Account Holder of the Account Holder’s identity and of the payment method used to credit Untainted Funds to the Account Holder’s Unibet Account, following a Chargeback Notice, Unibet will send two written reminders to the Account Holder at the email available to it, each of which will be subject to a processing fee of fifty (50) GBP drawn on any Untainted Funds.
3.5.3 Where a Unibet Account has been blocked due to a chargeback and the Account Holder has not:a. logged in to the Unibet Account for a period of thirty (30) consecutive months; orb. confirmed to Unibet his identity and the details of the payment method used to credit Untainted Funds to the Account Holder’s Unibet Account and then requested a withdrawal;any Untainted Funds on the Unibet Account will be treated as though they were funds on an Inactive Account and Unibet will remit the balance on the Unibet Account of the Account Holder to the MGA.
3.6 Closure of a Unibet Account
3.6.1 An Account Holder may close their Unibet Account by contacting Unibet’s Customer Support using the contact details provided in the “Get Help” section on the Website (www.unibet.com/help), either by phone or email. Any funds in the Unibet Account will be remitted to the Account Holder.
3.6.2 Should an existing Unibet Account be closed, any obligations already entered into will be honoured.
3.6.3 Account Holders who wish to recover funds held in a closed, locked or excluded account are advised to contact Customer Support.
3.6.4 In case of closure of their Unibet Account due to gambling addiction or fraud, an individual must not open a new Unibet Account. Unibet will not be liable should the individual succeed in opening a new account, nor for any direct or indirect consequential damages. Unibet reserves the right to close an account opened in breach of this rule at any point.Back to top 4 Payment rules4.1 Deposits to and withdrawals from a Bingo.com Account shall at all times be made through a Financial Institution or a Payment Solution Provider. Procedures, terms and conditions, availability, and duration for deposits/withdrawals may vary depending on time as well as the country and Financial Institution in question. Current advice is available when logged in on the Website under the headings "Deposit" or "Withdrawal".
4.2 Unibet will not make a payment in excess of two thousand Euros (or its equivalent under the operational currency) to an Account Holder out of his/her Unibet Account before the Account Holder's identity, age and place of residence have been sufficiently verified.
4.3 Unibet may appoint a Payment Solution Provider to act, receive deposits, hold and manage funds, and/or expedite withdrawals, on behalf of Unibet.
4.4 Unibet does not accept cash funds sent or delivered directly to Unibet or a Payment Solution Provider.
4.5 Unibet will credit to the Unibet Account all funds received by Unibet from or on behalf of the Account Holder, or owed by Unibet to the Account Holder.
4.6 Method of payment/withdrawal from/to Unibet Account
4.6.1 An Account Holder is only allowed to:a. make deposits to his Unibet Account with his personal Card or via his personal account created with one of the Financial Institutions or their licensees;b. request withdrawals of funds held on his Unibet Account to his personal account created with one of the Financial Institutions or their licensees.4.6.2 An Account Holder is responsible for providing Unibet with the correct details of his personal account for the purpose of withdrawals from his Unibet Account.
4.6.3 An Account Holder must not allow third parties to use his Unibet Account to make deposits to or withdrawals from his Unibet Account.
4.6.4 It is the Account Holder’s sole responsibility to ensure that he complies with the above provisions.
4.7 Unibet shall not accept a wager from an Account Holder unless a Unibet Account has been established in the name of the Account Holder and there are adequate funds in the Unibet Account to cover the amount of the wager, or funds necessary to cover the amount of the wager are provided in an approved manner.
4.8 Unibet shall not deal with the credit balance of a Unibet Account except:a. to debit from the Unibet Account a wager made by the Account Holder or an amount the Account Holder indicates they want to wager in the course of a game they are playing or about to play;b. to remit funds standing to the credit of the Unibet Account to the Account Holder, at the Account Holder's request, in terms of regulation 37 of the Remote Gaming Regulations;c. to pay reasonable bank charges for deposits received and funds withdrawn; ord. as otherwise authorised by the Remote Gaming Regulations.4.9 The balance of a Unibet Account may turn negative in case of chargeback.
4.10 Withdrawals from a Unibet Account are made through payments addressed to the Account Holder or transferred to a bank account held in the name of the Account Holder, as advised by the Account Holder. Whenever possible, Unibet will restrict withdrawals to be made only to the same account utilised by the Account Holder to make deposits.
4.11 If an Account Holder wishes to withdraw funds they have deposited into their Unibet Account before having wagered the funds in any game or sport betting offer, Unibet reserves the right to refuse the Account Holder to withdraw the deposited funds until such time as the entirety of the funds have first been wagered.
4.12 Depending on the payment method chosen by the Account Holder, minimum and/or maximum deposit limits may apply.
4.13 Unibet reserves the right to charge the Account Holder for administrative costs resulting from withdrawals made by the Account Holder, as indicated on the Website.
4.14 Placing a bet through the Internet may be illegal in the jurisdiction in which an Account Holder is resident and/or domiciled; if so, the Account Holder is not authorised to use a Card for the purpose of placing a bet.
4.15 The participation of an Account Holder in the Services in a jurisdiction where such participation is prohibited by law shall not affect any stakes or payment made to and accrued for the benefit of Unibet.
4.16 Unibet, the Regulator or any Governing Authority can monitor or request to review all transactions to prevent money laundering. All suspicious transactions detected by Unibet will be reported to the Governing Authorities.
4.17 It is the sole responsibility of the Account Holder to pay and proceed with all necessary diligence in relation to taxes on any Prize, if and where applicable.Back to top 5 Security rules5.1 Bingo.com upholds strict confidentiality regarding all relations with the Account Holder. However, if required by the Governing Authority, a judge or, when required to do so by law, another public authority, and/or in the event of an Account Holder violating the Unibet Rules, data can be disclosed to a third party for investigation purposes.5.2 The Account Holder is given a personal account number. The Account Holder chooses a password and a username. It is the Account Holder's own responsibility not to share this information. If the Account Holder has reasons to believe that others have become aware of this information, the Account Holder should immediately contact Unibet's Customer Support and a new password will be issued. Unibet is not required to maintain usernames or passwords. If the Account Holder misplaces, forgets, loses, or shares with a third party their username and/or password, or is otherwise unable to enter the Website or any Service for any reason other than Unibet’s error, Unibet will not be responsible and will not be held liable for any claim regarding that Unibet Account.5.3 All telephone communications between the Account Holders and Unibet are recorded for security and training purposes and/or compliance with accounting and finance regulations.5.4 All electronic communications between the Account Holder and Unibet are kept on record for compliance with accounting and finance regulations.5.5 Card deposits may, from time to time, be partially and/or fully declined subject to certain security systems managed in collaboration with a Payment Solution Provider and/or a Financial Institution. Such security measures may decline Cards that are legitimate, but which nevertheless it may not be possible to process at a particular time. Unibet's personnel do not control the said systems, nor do they have any knowledge of the reasons for any deposits being declined.5.6 Unibet may request documents to verify the identity of the Card user and/or authorisation to use a specific Card and/or other facts and information provided by the Account Holder before expediting deposits and/or withdrawals. This may cause slight delays. From time to time, chargebacks are received and these will be treated in accordance with Unibet procedures.5.7 It is illegal to use and/or abuse an error or an instance of incompleteness on the Website, and/or in the Client application, and/or in any of the Software and/or Services provided on the Website. Should the Account Holder detect or become aware of such an error or incompleteness, they shall:a. refrain from taking any advantage whatsoever thereof;b. keep strictly confidential such error or incompleteness;c. upon detection or becoming aware of such error or incompleteness, notify it to Unibet by sending an email to info@unibetsupport.com.Without prejudice to other remedies available under law or equity, should the Account Holder not comply with this clause, Unibet:a. shall be entitled to full compensation for all costs that may be associated with the error or incompleteness, and harm resulting from the breach of this clause by the Account Holder;b. reserves the right to, notably but not limited to, block the Account Holder’s Unibet Account, and/or freeze or subtract all or part of the Unibet Account balance without prior notice, in order to cover part or all of the damages suffered or envisaged to be suffered by Unibet.5.8 An Account Holder’s identity will be determined on the basis of all or a combination of information, such as name, mailing address, email address, credit/debit card number, and any other type of identification that may possibly be required.5.9 Unibet shall not perform any unauthorised activity on the Account Holder’s computer system.Back to top 6 Disclaimer6.1 The Bingo.com Rules as published in English and as amended from occasionally govern the Contract. Translations into other languages are made as a service and in good faith. In the event of discrepancy between the English version and a translation, the English version shall prevail.
6.2 The Account Holder is advised to comply with applicable legislation in the jurisdiction in which they are domiciled and/or resident. Unibet does not provide advice to the Account Holder regarding tax and/or legal matters. Should the Account Holder wish to obtain advice regarding tax and legal matters, they are advised to contact appropriate advisers and/or authorities in the jurisdiction in which they are domiciled and/or resident.
6.3 In the event of Unibet being found liable in any way by a court of law and/or a similar authority with legal competence and/or jurisdiction over Unibet, then Unibet's liability is limited to the amount of the stake, or the Account Holder’s net winnings, whichever is the lesser. Alternatively, when relevant and applicable, the amount recorded in the Unibet Account or the amount transferred into or out of the Unibet Account, whichever is the lesser.
6.4 Unibet reserves the right, at all times, to resolve any dispute, at its own discretion, in accordance with principles of equity.
6.5 Unibet is not affiliated or connected with sports teams, event organisers, or players displayed on its websites, and does not claim any intellectual property rights relating to their name and image, which are used strictly in order to provide the Services.
6.6 Unibet makes no representation or warranty, explicit or implicit, as to the legal rights of the Account Holder to participate in the Services, nor shall any of Unibet’s employees, licensees, distributors, wholesalers, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion or other agencies, media partners, agents or retailers have the authority to make any such representation or warranty. The Account Holder shall not use the Services, open, use or reuse a Unibet Account, enter the Website, nor accept any Prize if the Account Holder does not fully understand, agree to, wish to become a party to, and comply with, without exception, all the Unibet Rules contained herein, and as these may be amended from time to time.
6.7 Unibet does not acknowledge or accept any liability for damage and/or losses to an Account Holder and/or a third party caused directly and/or indirectly due to the Account Holder:a. making deposits to his Unibet Account via a third party’s Card or account;b. requesting withdrawals from his Unibet Account to a third party’s account;c. providing incorrect details of his personal account for the purpose of withdrawals from his Unibet Account;d. allowing third parties to use his Unibet Account to make deposits to or withdrawals from his Unibet Account.6.8 The Account Holder should take all appropriate measures to protect the data and/or Software stored on their computer against all damage of any sort or intrusion.
6.9 The connection to the Website and the participation of the Account Holder in any Service is under the Account Holder’s responsibility.
6.10 Unibet does not acknowledge or accept any liability whatsoever for damage and/or losses to an Account Holder and/or a third party caused directly and/or indirectly due to any:a. mistake, misprint, misinterpretation, mishearing, misreading, mistranslation, spelling mistake, fault in reading, transaction error, technical failure, technical hazard, registration error, manifest error, cancellation of a game for any reason, Force Majeure and/or any other similar event;b. violation of the Unibet Rules;c. collusion and/or criminal actions;d. advice provided by Unibet;e. failure of Unibet’s central computer system or any part thereof; delays, losses, errors or omissions resulting from failure of any telecommunications or any other data transmission system; and/orf. financial risk and loss, including but not limited to variances in exchange rates;6.11 The Account Holder understands that the Services offered on the Website are for entertainment value only. The Account Holder is not required to use the Services, and such participation, if elected by the Account Holder, is at the Account Holder's sole choice, discretion and risk. The Account Holder’s interest in the Services and the Website is personal, and not professional. The Account Holder enters the Website for their sole personal entertainment. Any other entrance, access, use or reuse of the Services and/or the Website by the Account Holder/Player is prohibited.
6.12 The SMS notification service is purely for the benefit of the Account Holder. Unibet does not acknowledge or accept any liability whatsoever should there be a mistake in the content of the SMS notifications or should the Account Holder fail to receive the SMS notification(s).
6.13 All information displayed on our Website (including but not limited to scores, results, time of the event, statistics, editorial text etc.) is provided for information purposes only, and not intended to constitute professional advice of any kind. Neither Unibet nor any of its independent providers is liable for any information errors, incompleteness, inaccuracy or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained therein.6.14 All Prizes won through competitions, promotions and/or poker tournaments organised by Unibet will be sent within an estimated and not guaranteed delay of six weeks from the end of the competition, promotion or tournament.
6.15 Should the Account Holder’s participation in the Services be interrupted by a failure of the telecommunication system, or of the Account Holder’s computer system, preventing them from continuing to use the Services after they have placed a wager, Unibet shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that its approved computer system enables the Account Holder to resume, upon restoration of the system, the Account Holder’s participation in the Services as at the time immediately before the interruption. If Unibet's system does not enable the Account Holder to do so, Unibet shall:a. ensure that the game is terminated;b. refund the amount of the wager to the Account Holder in their Unibet Account.6.16 Should a Service miscarry after starting due to a failure on the part of Unibet's computer operating system, Unibet shall:a. refund the amount wagered in the Service, and if the Account Holder has an accrued credit at the time the Service miscarries, credit the monetary value of the credit to the Account Holder’s Unibet Account or, if the said account no longer exists, by paying it to the Account Holder in an approved manner;b. immediately inform the Regulator of the circumstances of the incident;c. refrain from conducting a further Service if the Service is likely to be affected by the same failure.6.17 Participation in the Services implies knowledge and acceptance of the limits of the Internet, especially:a. technical capacity, response time for consultation, interrogation or transfer of information, risk of interruption, and in general risks inherent in any connection and transmission failure;b. failure in the protection of data;c. contamination risks by potential viruses circulating on the net.Hence, without prejudice to other clauses of this Disclaimer section, Unibet shall not be responsible for (including but not limited to):a. transmission and/or reception of any data and/or information on the Internet;b. any dysfunction of the network preventing the good progress of any game;c. failure of any reception material or communication circuit;d. loss of any data;e. any damage caused by a virus, computing bug or technical failure;f. any damage caused to the materiel of the Player, including hardware and software;g. any failure preventing or limiting participation in a game, or a failure damaging the Account Holder’s system, including their hardware and software.6.18 Gaming material (whether electronically obtained or obtained by other means) is automatically invalid if counterfeited, mutilated, forged, altered or tampered with in any way, or if illegible, mechanically or electronically reproduced, obtained outside authorised legitimate channels, or if it contains printing, production, typographical, mechanical, electronic or any other errors.
6.19 Unibet is not responsible for lost, late, illegible, incomplete, damaged, mutilated, misdirected or ‘postage due’ mail, requests, Prize claims or entries.
6.20 Unibet’s liability for any error or malfunction included in the games is limited to replacement. Unibet shall not be liable for playing device malfunctions nor attempts by the Account Holder to use the Services by methods, means or ways not intended by Unibet.
6.21 The Account Holder shall hold Unibet, its employees, officers, directors, licensees, distributors, wholesalers, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising, promotion or other agencies, media partners, agents and retailers harmless and shall fully indemnify the same from any and all costs, expenses, liabilities and damages whatsoever that may arise as a result of Account Holder's:a. entry, use or reuse of the Website;b. use of any Website material;c. entry, use or reuse of the servers used to provide the Services;d. entry, use or reuse of a Client Application;e. participation in the games, chat functionalities and Services; orf. the acceptance of any Prize.6.22 Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall Unibet, its Software and Client application, software suppliers, subsidiary companies, or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages resulting from the use of or the inability to use Unibet's or its suppliers’ products, Client Application and/or materials. The Account Holder specifically acknowledges and agrees that Unibet is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any Account Holder. If the Account Holder is dissatisfied with any Service, or with any of the present Unibet Rules, the Account Holder's sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Services.
6.23 The Account Holder understands, acknowledges and accepts that any resemblance of names, circumstances or conditions used, depicted, described or suggested in the games operated on the Website with reality is entirely coincidental and unintended.
6.24 The Account Holder understands that Unibet reserves the right to change or remove any of its Services at any time.
6.25 The Account Holder shall review the Unibet Rules as posted on the Website on a regular basis, and not less than once a month.Back to top 7 Bonus rules7.1 General7.1.1 Unibet regularly organises bonus campaigns for the different gaming products offered. The terms and conditions of the bonus system shall be defined in the bonus terms and conditions tailored to each bonus campaign. Bonuses can be subject to the obligation of wagering them a certain number of times (“Turnaround Requirement”) before they can be withdrawn. If a bonus is subject to a Turnaround Requirement, winnings generated by the wager of the bonus will be able to be withdrawn only when the Turnaround Requirement is fulfilled.7.1.2 An Account Holder is eligible for one bonus per campaign, with the exception of so-called “Refer a friend” campaigns.7.1.3 An Account Holder is only eligible for one bonus per Account which shall mean no more than one bonus per user, IP address, computer device, family, residential address, telephone number, credit or debit card and/or e-payment account, e-mail address, and environments where computers are shared (university, fraternity, school, public library, workplace, etc.).7.1.4 Unibet reserves the right to offer a specific bonus to a specific customer or group of customers. 7.1.5 In case of discrepancy between the English version of the bonus terms and conditions and any translation of them, the English version shall prevail.7.2 Sportsbook7.2.1 Each bet must be placed on an event with three or more potential outcomes. If the bonus amount is placed on more than one bet, each bet must be placed on different markets (i.e. different bet types on one fixture or one bet type on different fixtures).7.3 Bonus Abuse7.3.1 “Bonus Abuse” includes, but is not limited to:-breach of  terms and conditions of a bonus, free bets or any other promotional offer;the opening of multiple accounts to claim multiple bonuses;7.3.2 Where there is a reasonable suspicion that the Account Holder has committed or attempted to commit a bonus abuse, either on their own or as part of a group, Unibet reserves the right to:-forfeit the bonus allocated to the Account Holder and any winnings from that bonus, and/orrevoke, deny, or withdraw a bonus offer from the Account Holder, and/orblock an access to particular products, and/orexclude the Account Holder from any future promotional offers, and/orterminate the Account Holder’s account with immediate effect.7.3.3 Where there is a reasonable suspicion that a series of bets has been placed by a customer or group of customers which, due to a bonus, free bet or any other promotional offer, result in guaranteed customer profits irrespective of the outcome, Unibet reserves the right to reclaim the bonus and in its absolute discretion to settle bets at the correct odds, void the free bets and/or void any bet funded by the bonus or bonus winnings.7.4 Refer a Friend7.4.1 For “Refer a friend” campaigns, an Account Holder can benefit from more than one bonus per campaign and/or per month, subject to the limit set up in each specific “Refer a friend” campaign.7.4.2 Referrers are not permitted to refer a member of their family nor are they permitted to refer friends or colleagues from the same household or with whom they share a credit or debit card or e-payment account, IP address and/or computer device.7.4.3 Unibet reserves the right to withhold the bonus from the Referrer and to discount bets made by one or more Referees where Unibet suspects that the Referrer/Referee(s) has abused the spirit of the bonus offer including, but not limited to, instances where Referees make identical or very similar deposit and betting patterns.Back to top 8 Chat functionality rules8.1 Some games are provided to the Account Holder with a free chat functionality in order to communicate with the dealer or with others players in collective table conversations. Rules are applied to ensure that a pleasant ambience is preserved on the network, that no fraudulent activity is facilitated, and that players feel part of the community. The Account Holder shall not use the chat functionality for collusion purposes. Private chats between the players are prohibited.
8.2 In no event shall Unibet be liable towards any Account Holder using the chat functionality for any damage arising from other Account Holders’ conduct.
8.3 The Account Holder shall indemnify and hold Unibet harmless against any damage arising out of the Account Holder’s illegal, unlawful or inappropriate conduct, or arising out of violation on the part of the Account Holder of these chat rules.
8.4 The chat functionality is moderated or monitored by the software provider and/or Unibet, either automatically or by human means. All the conversations are recorded and will be stored for a reasonable period. In case of infringement or suspected infringement of the chat functionality rules, the moderator will warn the Account Holder. If the Account Holder does not change their behaviour, they may be excluded from the chat room. An Account Holder can also be excluded with immediate effect without prior warning. In case of multiple exclusions from the chat room, the game provider can, at its own discretion, decide to exclude the Account Holder from the chat room indefinitely. Any suspicious chats will be reported to the Governing Authorities.
8.5 The Account Holder must respect the following rules of behaviour:a. Use the chat functionality in good faith;b. Do not infringe or try to infringe the privacy or rights of the others players;c. Do not harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any other player;d. Do not transmit obscene or offensive content;e. Do not disrupt the normal flow of dialogue;f. Do not use any indecent or foul language, or make vulgar or threatening statements;g. Create a username in good taste – Unibet or the game provider reserves the right to change the username if this rule is not respected;h. Do not argue or bicker with the others players;i. Exchanges with the others players shall not contain any illegal content, including: (i) pornography or sexually explicit content; (ii) incitation to any kind of hatred, notably based on race, ethnic group, gender, religion, or sexuality; (iii) pejorative terms about illness or disabilities; (iv) promotion, encouragement or facilitation of antisocial behaviour; (v) discrimination or encouragement to discriminate against any social group, or exploitation of vulnerable sections of society; (vi) gratuitous violence, or promotion, encouragement or facilitation of violence, terrorism or others activities that pose a threat to national security; (vii) promotion, encouragement or facilitation of illegal activities; (viii) misleading representations or defamation; (ix) promotion of tobacco, alcohol and drugs; (x) promotion of the tobacco or armaments industry; (xi) any content potentially detrimental to Unibet.j. Do not advertise or promote third-party websites or activities, even forums;k. Do not assume a false identity;l. Do not give or ask personal details;m. Respect and be courteous and friendly to all participants and chat moderators;n. Do not spam the chat functionality;o. Do not try to influence the others players’ actions and thus the outcome of the game through intimidation, abuse or revealing the strength of your hand in a game;p. Interact with the others players in the table language. On shared network tables, the language is English.8.6 The chat functionality rules are applicable to the chat functionalities of all the games and Services provided to the Account Holder, as well as to any other tool where the Account Holder can interact with others users of the Website. The chat functionality rules may be complemented by some terms and conditions attached to the games or Services, or be amended from time to time.Back to top 9 Casino - Games - Live Casino9.1 Game providers – Casino, Games and Live Casino are provided by the following game providers (the “Game Providers”):
9.2 The Casino and Games products are provided to Bingo.com by the following game providers (as indicated in each game):a. NetEnt Malta Ltd (“NetEnt”), a wholly owned subsidiary of NETENT AB, registered in Malta under registration number C34838, having its registered office at The Marina Business Centre, Abate Rigord Street, Ta’ Xbiex, Malta. NetEnt is a public company listed on the Nasdaq OMX Stockholm Mid Cap (NET-B). The Casino games provided by NetEnt are hosted and powered by NetEnt on NetEnt’s platform, licensed by the Regulator under licence number MGA/B2B/109/2004.b. Microgaming Europe Limited (“Microgaming”): the Casino Games provided by Microgaming are hosted and powered by Microgaming on Microgaming’s platform, licensed by the Regulator under licence number MGA/B2B/139/2007 .c. Stakelogic Malta Ltd (“Stakelogic”) a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C40785, whose registered office is at W Business Centre, Level 4, Triq Dun Karm, Birkirkara, BKR 9033, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Stakelogic are hosted and powered by Stakelogic on the Stakelogic platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/322/2016.d. Play’n Go Malta Ltd ("Play'n Go") is a company registered in Malta, having its registered office at “Vincenti Buildings”, 28/19 (Suite 1026) Strait Street, Valletta, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Play’n Go are hosted and powered by Play’n Go on Play’n Go’s platform licensed by the MGA under its licence number MGA/B2B/225/2012. The Casino games provided by Play’n Go Malta Ltd are currently accessible only on mobile devices.e. Relax Gaming Limited (“Relax Gaming”), a company registered in Malta, having its offices at 6, The Firs, George Borg Olivier Street, Sliema SLM 1801, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Relax Gaming  are hosted and powered on Relax Gaming’s platform, licensed in Malta under licence MGA/B2B/246/2013, granted by the Malta Gaming Authority.f. AG Software Limited  (“AG Software) a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C41837, whose registered office is at 135 High Street, Sliema, SLM 1549, Malta. The Casino Games provided by AG Software are hosted and powered by AG Software on AG Software’ platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/352/2016.g. NYX Interactive Malta Ltd (“NYX”), a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C51711, whose registered office is at Villa Seminia, 8 Sir Temi Zammit Avenue, Ta’ Xbiex XBX 1011, Malta. The Casino Games provided by NYX are hosted and powered by NYX on the NYX platform and licensed by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/112/2004.h. IGT (Gibraltar) Limited (“IGT”), a wholly owned subsidiary of International Game Technology, is registered in Gibraltar under registration number 104586, having its registered office at 57/63 Line Wall Road, Gibraltar. IGT holds a Remote Gaming Licence (#057), issued by the Gambling Division, Government of Gibraltar. International Game Technology is a public company and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (IGT).i. Thunderkick Malta Limited (“Thunderkick”), a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C61908, whose registered office is at Level 5, The Mall Complex, Floriana FRN 1470, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Thunderkick are hosted and powered by Thunderkick on the Thunderkick platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/248/2013.j. Yggdrasil Gaming Ltd ("Yggdrasil"), a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C57683, whose registered office is at Regent House, Office 35, Bisazza Street, Sliema, SLM 1640, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Yggdrasil are hosted and powered by Yggdrasil on the Yggdrasil platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/230/2012.k. Greentube Malta Ltd (“Greentube”) a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C38281, whose registered office is at W Business Centre, Level 4, Triq Dun Karm, Birkirkara, BKR 9033, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Greentube are hosted and powered by Greentube on the Greentube platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/120/2006.l. Oryx Games Limited ("Oryx") a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C59183, whose registered office is Office 1/1534 Level G Quantum House 75, Abate Rigord Street, Ta Xbiex, XBX 1120, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Oryx hosted and powered by Oryx on the Oryx platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number "MGA/B2B/298/2015".m. Realistic Games Limited ("Realistic") a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, registration number 04392971, whose registered office is 8th Floor North Reading Bridge, George Street, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 8LS , United Kingdom The Casino Games provided by Realistic are hosted and powered by Realistic on the Realistic platform, authorised by the MGA under Recognition Notice "RN/102/2018".n. Red Tiger International Limited ("Red Tiger") a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C91142), whose registered office is Level 1, Spinola Park, Triq Mikiel Anton Borg, St Julians, SPK 1000, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Red Tiger are hosted and powered by Red Tiger on the Red Tiger platform, licensed by the MGA under licence number "MGA/CRP/480/2018 ".o. Sportradar AG ("Sportradar") a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, identification number CHE-113.910.142 MWST, whose registered office is Feldlistrasse 2, 9000 St. Gallen, Switzerland. The Games provided by Sportradar are hosted and powered by Sportradar on the Sportradar platform authorised by the MGA under Recognition Notice "RN/178/2020"p. PragmaticPlay Limited ("Pragmatic") a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C68028, whose registered office is 144, Tower Road, Sliema, SLM1604, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Pragmatic are hosted and powered by Pragmatic on the Pragmatic platform authorised by the MGA under license "MGA/B2B/317/2016"g. Playtech Software Limited ("Playtech") a company incorporated under the laws of United Kingdom, registration number 12807749, whose registered office is at Mid-City Place, 71 High Holborn, London, United Kingdom, WC1V 6EA. The Casino Games provided by Playtech are hosted and powered on the Playtech platform authorised by the MGA under license "MGA/CRP/137/2007"All bets placed on the Casino are placed respectively on the servers of NetEnt, Microgaming, Stakelogic, Play'n Go, AG Software, NYX, Thunderkick, Relax Gaming, Greentube, Yggdrasil, IGT, Realistic, Oryx, Red Tiger, Sportradar, Pragmatic and Playtech on servers within the EU/EEA depending on the provider of the game in which the bet is placed.9.3 The Live Casino is provided to Bingo.com by the following Game Providers:a. Evolution Gaming Malta Ltd (“Evolution Gaming”), a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, having its offices at 1091 Portomaso, St Julians, STJ 4013 Malta. The Live Casino games provided by Evolution Gaming are hosted and powered by Evolution Gaming under its licence granted by the MGA under licence number MGA/B2B/187/2010. Evolution Gaming live casino games can be found on the Website in “Live Casino Grande”.b. NetEnt Malta Ltd (“NetEnt”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Net Entertainment AB, registered in Malta under registration number C34838, having its registered office at The Marina Business Centre, Abate Rigord Street, Ta’ Xbiex, Malta. NetEnt is a public company listed on the Nasdaq OMX Stockholm Mid Cap (NET-B). The Live Casino games provided by NetEnt are hosted and powered by NetEnt on NetEnt’s platform, licensed by the Regulator under licence number MGA/B2B/109/2004. The NetEnt Live Casino Games can be found on the Website in “Live Casino Royale”.c. PragmaticPlay Limited ("Pragmatic") a company incorporated under the laws of Malta, registration number C68028, whose registered office is 144, Tower Road, Sliema, SLM1604, Malta. The Casino Games provided by Pragmatic are hosted and powered by Pragmatic on the Pragmatic platform authorised by the MGA under license "MGA/B2B/317/2016"All bets placed on the Live Casino are placed respectively on the servers of Evolution Gaming, Pragmatic or NetEnt in Malta, depending on the provider of the game in which the bet is placed.
9.4 Bingo.com is authorised by the Game Providers to represent, promote and market the services of the Casino, Live Casino and Games.
9.5 Bingo.com receives, holds and pays funds in relation to an Account Holder for the purpose of transactions and settlements with the Casino, Live Casino and Games.
9.6 Bingo.com is not liable for any dispute related to the Intellectual property rights attached to the Casino, Games and/or Live Casino.
9.7 Bingo.com accepts and acknowledges liability for transactions conducted to, from and/or with the Casino, Live Casino and Games exclusively for funds received, held and/or paid to and/or from a Bingo.com Account in conjunction with arrangement with the Game Providers.
9.8 Casino and Games can be played for free or against payment. As a consequence, the Account Holder understands and acknowledges that no purchase is necessary or required to play Casino and Game products. To be able to play for money, an individual must register and become an Account Holder.
9.9 Bingo.com and the Game Providers’ employees, licensees, distributors, wholesalers, subsidiaries, agents, retailers and members of their respective immediate families are not eligible to participate in the Casino, Live Casino and Games.
9.10 Specific country exclusions: access to some Games may be restricted in the following countries: Albania, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Bahamas, Belgium, Bulgaria, Burma, Canada, Cape Verde Islands, China, Cook Islands, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Germany, Ghana, Gibraltar, Greece, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Israel, Ivory Coast, Japan, Laos, Liberia, Libya, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macau, Macedonia, Malaysia, Mauritania, Mexico, Monaco, Morocco, Nauru, Nigeria, Niue, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Senegal, Serbia, Sierra Leone, South Africa, South Korea, Somalia, Sudan, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Zimbabwe.
9.11 For complete Live Casino rules, click here. Back to top 10 Lottery Betting (default translation)Lottery Betting (default translation)Back to top 11 $translations.headlinetext Back to top 12 Bingo & Side Games12.1 Introduction12.1.1 Unibet Bingo is an online bingo service utilising bingo software licensed by Relax Gaming Limited. Relax Gaming Limited is regulated and licensed by the Malta Gaming Authority under license number MGA/CL4/1046/2014.
12.1.2 Unibet is authorised by Relax Gaming LTD to represent, promote and market the Bingo services.
12.1.3 Unibet is authorised by Relax Gaming LTD to receive, hold and pay funds in relation to an Account Holder for the purpose of transactions and settlements with Unibet Bingo.
12.1.4 Unibet accepts and acknowledges liability for transactions conducted to, from and/or with Unibet Bingo, exclusively for funds received, held and/or paid to and/or from a Unibet Account in conjunction with arrangements with Unibet Bingo.
12.1.5 In the event of a discrepancy between the result showing on the Account Holder's Client Application and the Bingo software, the result showing on the Bingo software shall be the official and governing result of the Bingo Game.
12.2 Definitions
12.2.1 Bingo Games are all single and multi-part pattern Games in the Bingo client. "Bingo" or the "Bingo Games" shall mean the web-based Bingo Game offered and operated by Unibet, including, but not limited to, additional functionalities related thereto such as chat functionality. "Bingo" shall not include Side Games, governed solely by the Unibet Rules and by the Game rules, which can be found on the Website.
12.2.2 “Mini Games” are all Games other than Bingo which can be played within the Bingo client, such as Slots, Scratchcard, Blackjack and Roulette.
12.3 Eligibility
12.3.1 The Bingo Games can only be played against payment by an Account Holder.
12.3.2 Specific country exclusions: The Account Holder warrants and represents at all times not to be a resident of Afghanistan, Australia, Denmark, Ethiopia, France and other French territories, Hong Kong, Iran, Iraq, Italy, Jordan, Kuwait, North Korea, Pakistan, Spain, Syria, Turkey, United States of America and other U.S. territories, or Yemen. 12.4 Description of the Bingo Game
12.4.1 Unibet expressly reserves the right to change, decrease or increase the following set-up of the Bingo Games, notably but not limited to its frequency or amount:a. A new Bingo Game is played every other minute, as several rooms have several Bingo Games;b. A new ball is called approximately every three seconds;c. A minimum purchase of one ticket is required in a Bingo Game. The maximum number of tickets that can be purchased in a Game varies from 6 to 120.12.4.2 Bingo is played in “autoplay” as default mode, whereby the Account Holder will always be notified of a winning Bingo ticket. Even in the event of the Account Holder choosing to disable the “autoplay” mode, winnings will automatically be allocated to their Unibet Account.
12.4.3 The Account Holder can purchase a number of cards for a Bingo Game to be played at a given time in the future through the bulk buy purchasing tool.
12.4.4 The purchase of Bingo tickets is final.
12.4.5 In the case that there is more than one winning ticket, the Prize will be split equally amongst the winners.
12.5 Bingo Vouchers rules
12.5.1 A Bingo Voucher is free value to be used to purchase Bingo tickets and/or play Mini Games which Unibet can award to the Account Holder. The Account Holder can earn Bingo Vouchers through promotions advertised on the Website, as a Prize for playing chat games, or through Bingo loyalty.
12.5.2 A Bingo Voucher can never be withdrawn, but winnings from a Bingo Voucher can be.
12.5.3 The Account Holder can use the Bingo Voucher to purchase Bingo tickets or play Mini Games.
12.5.4 The Bingo Voucher will expire if it has not been used by set expiry date after it was credited in the Account Holder’s Account.  For complete Bingo game rules, click here.Back to top 13 Claims and disputes13.1 Any claim regarding a transaction in conjunction with a Bingo.com Account shall be made to Bingo.com within six months after the transaction, payment and/or settlement took place, or should have taken place; otherwise Bingo.com reserves the right, at its own discretion, not to consider the claim.13.2 If an Account Holder wishes to lodge a complaint, it should do so with Bingo.com's Customer Support using the contact details on the “Get Help” page on the Website. The parties should do their utmost to reach an amicable settlement within a reasonable time. Bingo.com will use reasonable endeavours to promptly reply to all complaints and in any event within not more than 28 days from the date that an Account Holder provides all information reasonably required to determine a complaint13.3 The complaint must contain clear and unequivocal information about the Account Holder's identity, and shall give all the relevant details that gave rise to the complaint.If the outcome of your complaint from Bingo.com’s Customer Support is not to your satisfaction then you can forward your complaint free of charge to our Alternative Dispute Resolution provider (‘ADR’), which is in our case eCogra. Should you wish to raise a complaint with eCogra, you can do so through the following link: https://www.ecogra.org/srs/dispute.php    The detailed procedure on how to raise a complaint with eCogra and how the outcome is determined can be found in the following link: https://www.ecogra.org/srs/policies_procedures.phpBingo.com will be bound by the decision of the ADR for all complaints which fall within the competence of the jurisdiction of the Small Claims Tribunal in Malta. If your ADR complaint falls outside of the competence of the Small Claims Tribunal in Malta and following the ADR decision you still wish to obtain a binding decision for your complaint, you will have to bring a claim to the appropriate judicial authority in accordance with clause 16.5 of the Contract.13.4 Any legal claim or dispute arising under or in connection with the Contract shall be settled in accordance with the Governing Law of the Place of the Contract.13.5 If a dispute should occur between Bingo.com and the Account Holder, Bingo.com will make accessible to the Account Holder a detailed transaction record. Such information will also be made available to a legitimate third party (e.g. a judge or court) if Bingo.com deems it necessary or if it is required by a legitimate authority.13.6 If you have exhausted all available means of complaint, and the outcome is still not to your satisfaction, you may also lodge a complaint with the Regulator at support.mga@mga.org.mt. Back to top 14 AmendmentsAny substantial amendment to Unibet Terms & Conditions shall be notified in advance by Unibet to the Account Holder before coming into effect.Our Terms and Conditions have been updated: 2 Licences, 10 Casino - Games - Live CasinoBack to top This is version 3.9 of the Bingo.com Terms & Conditions, last updated on 27/08/2020.Help & Support Help
Bingo.com Customer service is available 24/7.
Phone lines are open between 10.00-22.00 CET