http://www.webkinzinsider.com/privacy?s=43e83f783b305878e5cb1e2316f2aa06
Join Webkinz Insider for free!
Webkinz Cheats
Webkinz Forum
Webkinz Wiki
Main WIki PageOur Webkinz WIkipedia
WIGEV Value GuideWI's Item Value Guide
Item PicturesWebkinz Item Image Gallery
Webkinz Tools
Daily Activities
Webkinz Recipes
Room Designer
Item Pictures
Rare Items Schedule
Clothing Machine Recipes
Webkinz Pets List
» Current Webkinz
» Flying Webkinz
» New Webkinz
» Retired Webkinz
» Seasonal Webkinz
» Underwater Webkinz
» Virtual Only Webkinz
Webkinz Widgets
» Rare Clothing Tracker
» Webkinz Recipes Widgets
Win Free Codes
» Current Prize List
Buy Webkinz
Webkinz Insider - Not affiliated with Ganz or Webkinz.
Other Insiders: Free Realms - Bearville - Lego Universe - Tail Towns Friends - Club Penguin Cheats
Webkinz Insider
Winner: blessedx5Prize: Sapphire Gemster Gift with PurchaseWin Free Webkinz Codes Now!
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy for WebkinzInsider.Com
Introduction
The site editor takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor's control.
1. Collection of data
Registration for an account on this site requires only a valid e-mail address and a user name that has not been chosen already. You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please be aware that the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor's policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
2. Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor's policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor's legal rights and/or property; or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
3. Cookies
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience -- to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.You can visit the Network Advertising Initiative if you want to find out more information about this practice, and to learn about your options, including your options with regard to the following companies that may serve advertising on this site: [ Google Adsense ] [ Kontera In-Text Advertising ]
4. Minors
The site editor might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site. For more information, please contact the site administrator.  The system is currently compliant with COPPA for minors.
5. Editing or deleting your account information
You are provided with the ability to edit the information stored for your user account information during registration, by visiting your user account control panel. You can request that your user account be deleted; to do so, please contact the site administrator. Content or other data that you may have provided, and that is not stored within your user account, such as articles published, may continue to remain on the site at the site editor's discretion, even after your user account is deleted. Please see the site's Terms of use for more information.
6. Changes to this privacy policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
7. NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor's control that may result in disclosure of data. Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
8. Copyright information
Unless otherwise allowed by law or stated elsewhere, NO part of the normally displayed text or graphics, including keywords and HTML commands not normally displayed, on this site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including by photocopying, facsimile transmission, recording, rekeying, scanning, or yet uninvented means, or by using any information storage and retrieval system, EXCEPT WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE AUTHOR AND APPROPRIATE REFERENCES TO THIS SITE AS DEFINED BY THE AUTHOR. In addition, once granted permission, invididuals are not permitted to alter the text or graphics in any manner. All text is intellectual property and is copyrighted. Each web page or portion thereof contained in this site has a retail value of $6,000.00 US and is only available when ordered from the author. No portion of this site may be used or redistributed for commercial purposes. Utilization of resources from this site and associated servers (such as "cgi" programs, SMTP resources (eMail), and others) shall carry a fee of $3,000.00 per use and all such uses require the prior written permission of the author.
9. Opt-out
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
10. Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the site administrator.
Follow @widotcom
ADVERTISEMENT
[REPORT]
[FEEDBACK]
Login
Username:
Sign Up!
Password:
Forgot your password?
ADVERTISEMENT
[REPORT]
[FEEDBACK]
Recent Webkinz Pets
October Webkinz
November Webkinz
December Webkinz
January Webkinz
Tweets by @WIdotcom
Pet of the Month
NovemberWebkinz Patchy PuppyHM66
DecemberWebkinz Snow YetiHM494
JanuaryWebkinz Arctic Polar BearHM342
Navigation
Forum
Webkinz Pet Catalog
Webkinz Recipes
Curio Shop Rare Item Schedule
Item Picture Gallery
Privacy Policy
Webkinz Cheat Codes
Webkinz Cheats
Webkinz Daily Activities
Webkinz Friends
Webkinz Games
Free Webkinz Codes
Link Partners
0x10c Forum
Poptropica Cheats
Pottermore Insider
game review
Y8 Games
Who's online
There are currently 0 users and 446 guests online.
Copyright © 2007-2020 Webkinz Insider - A Division of Kopi Enterprises, LLCWebkinz Insider is not an official site of, sponsored by, nor affiliated with Ganz, Inc, Webkinz, Webkinz Jr, Webkins, Lil'Kinz, or Webkinz Newz and all character names, logos, and images are trademarks owned by Ganz, Inc.