http://www.novalogic.com/privacy.htm
Click here to return to NovaLogic.com.
Click to Print This Page
NovaLogic Privacy Policy Date Last Updated: July 7, 2009
NovaLogic Inc. ("NovaLogic") respects the privacy rights of our online visitors and is committed to protecting the personal information collected about you. To further this commitment, we have adopted this Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.
Exactly what information NovaLogic may collect from you online;
How NovaLogic will use the information it collects;
What are the consequences if you refuse to provide your personal information to NovaLogic when requested;
Whether NovaLogic uses cookies, tracks IP addresses, or uses other passive means to collect information about your visit to our websites;
Who collects the information that you disclose on a NovaLogic website;
Whether NovaLogic shares the personal information it collects with others, and if so, with whom;
NovaLogic's policy regarding links to websites operated by other companies;
The choices you can make regarding how your personal information is used by NovaLogic;
How you can view, and if necessary, update or delete the personal information NovaLogic has already collected and stored about you;
What is NovaLogic's policy regarding the collection of personal information from children under 13;
The steps NovaLogic takes to ensure the security, quality, and integrity of the personal information it collects from online visitors; and,
How you can ask a question or file a complaint regarding this Privacy Policy or NovaLogic's online information practices.
The scope of this Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy currently applies to the following websites operated by NovaLogic (collectively referred to as "NovaLogic Websites" or "our Websites"):
www.novalogic.com
www.novaworld.com
www.novaworld2.com
In addition, NovaLogic may own several other domain names (not listed above) that point to the NovaLogic Websites listed above. From time to time, we may add new sites and will take reasonable steps to update the list.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Novalogic Websites (as listed above), and does not apply to information that may be collected by NovaLogic offline. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.
Please note that by using our Websites, you signify your assent to NovaLogic's Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Websites. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on the NovaLogic Websites or in this Privacy Policy and, if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of our Websites will signify your acceptance of these changes.Top
What types of information does NovaLogic collect?
In order to give you the best experience on our Websites, NovaLogic may collect information about you, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. Typically, we may ask you to submit personal and/or demographic information if you decide to:
Register to receive e-mail updates about a specific game, subscribe to a newsletter (e.g., NovaNews E-Mailer), take part in beta tests or otherwise register on our Websites (e.g., Squad Registration);
Participate in an online contest, sweepstakes, or other promotion;
Purchase a product or service at our online store;
Use our tell-a-friend feature;
Receive technical support, online store support, or other customer service; and/or,
Fill out a poll, survey, or questionnaire.
Register for and participate in our community forums/message boards (e.g., NovaWorld Community).
Personal information collected in connection with these activities may include your first and/or last name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and (for those purchasing products at our online store) credit card information (including billing and shipping addresses). For some activities or features, we may also ask you to create a username and password and to provide other non-personal information such as your age or date of birth, gender, information about the games and hardware you own, and other game and platform preferences such as time zone, country code and PC language settings (also known as "demographic information"). If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine the demographic information with your personal information. This allows us to tailor the notices we send you and the content we provide you according to your demographics and preferences. For more on how we use your information, please read the next section.Top
How does NovaLogic use the information it collects?
Generally, information that we collect for a particular purpose is used for that purpose only. For example, if you sign up for a newsletter, the email address that you provide will be used to send you notices about special promotions, new products, or other events of interest. Similarly, information collected from those who buy a product through our online store is used to fulfill and process the requested order. In some instances, however, you may also be given the option to have your information used for an activity or service different from the activity or service that you are requesting (e.g., to have your name entered into a contest when subscribing to a newsletter and vice versa). If you choose to receive these additional services, NovaLogic will use your information to provide them to you.
We may use your email address to send you service-related announcements that tell you about updates to our Privacy Policy, new areas or features on our Websites, changes to our online service or technical support policies, and other related changes.
We may also use the personal and/or demographic information collected through one of the activities above for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs.
No matter what method we use to collect information and no matter how we use that information, we will only collect the information deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your online requests and our legitimate business objectives.
A Special Note about our Community Features
Please note that whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as message boards, that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While we strive to protect those who wish to participate in these activities, we cannot guarantee the security of, and are not responsible for, any information posted in these areas.Top
What happens if I refuse to provide my personal information to NovaLogic?
If you choose not to submit personal information when requested, you may not be able to participate in certain activities on our Websites and may limit the services we can provide you. For example, if you refuse to provide your email address to us, you will not be able to receive email updates or newsletters. To simply browse our Websites, however, you do not need to give us any personal information.Top
Does NovaLogic use cookies, track IP addresses, or use other passive means to collect information?
CookiesWe may use cookies to improve the use of our Websites. A "cookie" is a small file or record-keeping device that websites often store on a user's computer. Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize your experience on our Websites. For example, cookies will remember your username and password, the country you selected when registering, and that you have visited one of our Websites before; and, may contain other information that will make your next visit to our Websites more enjoyable. We do not use cookies to collect personal information such as your name or to link your browsing habits to personal information already collected about you, but we do use cookies to collect demographic information from your PC such as time zone, country and language settings. You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
IP AddressesNovaLogic now keeps track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.
Log FilesThe only other information passively collected by NovaLogic is in the form of logs - files that record website activity and gather statistics about web users' browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help NovaLogic determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our Websites, which pages they've visited, and other similar data (a.k.a., navigational data). We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser.Top
Who is collecting my personal information and is it shared with anyone?
The information that you disclose on the NovaLogic Websites is collected by NovaLogic or by a vendor on NovaLogic's behalf; and, is used in accordance with the practices set forth above. Vendors (or agents) are entities that provide support for the internal operations of our Websites and who only use the information we share with them (or that they collect on our behalf) for purposes of internal fulfillment (e.g., online product fulfillment or newsletter delivery). Vendors are required to handle such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we may run contests, tournaments, or other events or activities ("events") on our Websites. Information collected for these events may include personal information such as your email address and may be collected by or shared with a third party sponsor, co-sponsor, or other reputable third party (that provides products or services that may be of interest to you). While we have no control over the third party's use of such information, we will attempt to ensure that they agree to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of any personal information collected for such events. If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party, you can choose not to participate in these events at the time the information is collected.
We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability. In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, NovaLogic's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign.Top
What is NovaLogic's policy regarding links to third party sites?
You should be aware that while you are browsing one of our Websites, you may be directed to other sites that are beyond our control and for which we are not responsible. Because we cannot guarantee that the privacy policies of such sites meet our high standards, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the website to which you link before you submit any personal information.Top
Can I choose how my personal information is used? If you do not want to receive our newsletter, email updates, service related announcements, or any other communications and/or services from NovaLogic, please opt-out from these communications or services at the time of registration or information collection.
If you have opted-in and, at a later time, wish to opt-out, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this page.
Your California Privacy Rights
Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. For inquires regarding our disclosure policy, please contact us using the contact information provided below:
Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator
27489 Agoura Road, Suite 300
Agoura Hills, CA 91301
818.880.1997
In addition, along with communication sent to you, NovaLogic provides you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future communications (i.e., unsubscribe).Top
How can I access my personal information?
If you wish to review, update, or delete any personal information that we may have collected about you, please contact us using the contact information provided below.Top
What is NovaLogic's policy regarding children under 13?
We do not knowingly collect personal information such as name and email address from children 12 years old and under on our Websites. We take steps to ensure that those who wish to register or submit personal information on our Websites meet certain age requirements before they can do so. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
From time to time, certain portions of the NovaLogic Websites may allow children under 13 to disclose a limited amount of personal information without first telling us their age or getting their parent’s permission. Such portions of our Websites operate activities or provide services in a way that does not require prior parental consent.Top
What safeguards does NovaLogic use to protect my personal information?
NovaLogic maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the personal information we collect. Personal information collected by NovaLogic is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorized employees (on a need-to-know basis). We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control (i.e., maintain data quality). For example, before we allow users of our online store to access their personal information, we verify their identity by requesting that they submit information such as their email address or username and password.Top
How do I ask a question or file a complaint?
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at:
NovaLogic, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator
27489 Agoura Road, Suite 300
Agoura Hills, CA 91301
818.880.1997
support@novalogic.com
Click here to return to NovaLogic.com.
© 2009 NovaLogic, Inc. All Rights Reserved.