http://www.phoenixcommand.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Our Commitment To Childrens PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Phoenix Command Unofficial Support Page will never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
Collection of Personal InformationWhen visiting Phoenix Command Unofficial Support Page, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party WebsitesWe have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy StatementThe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Phoenix Command Unofficial Support Page then you may contact us at contact@motiondigital.com
Last updated Sat, 21 May 2011 19:14
"There is no such thing as excessive violence."
-Gil the Treacherous
Recent Posts
Balkans and Neighbors
The Romanian Revolution
Troubles in Yugoslavia
Yugoslavian Military and Paramilitary Forces
Welcome to Hell – Balkans Civil Wars Scenario Packs for Phoenix Command
Categories
Optional Rules
Scenarios
Balkans 1990s
Balkans 1990s Background
Small Arms Data
Heavy Weapons – Historic
Pistols – Modern
Rifles – Historic
Rifles – Modern
Shotguns – Modern
SMGs/PDWs – Modern
Squad Support Weapons – Modern
Pages
Home
Privacy Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Web Design ©2009 Motion Digital Media Group.