http://www.soaringeaglecasino.com/terms.html
HomeTermsTermsSoaring Eagle Casino SMS Text Alert Program Terms & ConditionsService Description: Soaring Eagle Casino is offering a SMS text alert program. Upon joining, you will receive a confirmation text to confirm your participation in this program. Once enrolled, you will receive text messages with the latest Soaring Eagle Casino news, updates, promotions and exclusive mobile offers. To join, just text EAGLE to 32363.Terms & Conditions: Mobile phone user privacy is extremely important to us at Soaring Eagle Casino.Limitations - Soaring Eagle Casino General SMS Service is available only on Boost, AT&T, T-Mobile, Dobson, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, C Spire Wireless, Virgin Mobile, Metro PCS, Cellcom, NTelos, GetLisa. Other Network Carriers will be added as they become available. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this service.Message and Data rates may apply. Messages will be sent 10 times per month.General SMS Program Opt-In/Opt-Out: To sign-up text EAGLE99 to 32363. To cancel: Text STOP to 32363. For Support text HELP to 32363 or call 1.800.732.4537 or email: help@soaringeaglecasino.comText Messaging & Email TermsText Eagle to 32363Wireless Text Messaging Terms & ConditionsThese Terms and Conditions May ChangeSoaring Eagle Properties is used throughout this document and specifically refers to the following businesses: Soaring Eagle Casino & Resort, Saganing Eagles Landing Casino, Soaring Eagle Waterpark and Hotel. Soaring Eagle Properties are owned and operated by the Saginaw Chippewa Tribe of Michigan.Soaring Eagle Properties reserves the right to update or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time.Soaring Eagle Properties may Change or Suspend Services.Soaring Eagle Properties and/or its clients may, at its sole discretion, terminate or suspend the access to the Services or any portion thereof of any user for any reason.Eligibility: You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to use the Services. However, if you are at least 13 years old but not yet 18, you may use the Services if, and only if, you have your parents’ or guardians’ prior permission. No one under age 13 may use the Services under any circumstances. By clicking the “SUBSCRIBE” button you are representing that you are at least 18, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parents’ permission to register for the Services.Costs: There may be some costs associated with the use of Soaring Eagle Properties and its Clients services. For example, your pager or cellular phone service provider may charge you to receive Wireless Text Messages. Neither Soaring Eagle Properties, its partners, nor its clients, will be held responsible for any charges related to the use of the Services. Warranty & Disclaimer: Soaring Eagle Properties PROVIDES THE SERVICES “AS IS” WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. Soaring Eagle Properties EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANT ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE, UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. * Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. Limitation of Liability: UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL Soaring Eagle Properties OR ITS EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICES WHETHER OR NOT Soaring Eagle Properties HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.If you are dissatisfied with the Services or any content on any of Soaring Eagle Casino & Resort website properties, or with these Terms and Conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Services. You acknowledge, by your use of the Services, that your use of the Services is at your sole risk.Indemnity: You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Soaring Eagle Properties, its partners, clients, employees, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, penalties, settlements, judgments, fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from (i) any content that you or anyone using your account may submit, post or transmit to the web site; (ii) your use of the Services; (iii) your violation of the terms of these Terms and Conditions; and (iv) any violation or failure by you to comply with all laws and regulations in connection with the Services.Assignment: You may not assign any of your rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of Soaring Eagle Properties. Any such purported assignment or delegation by you without the appropriate prior written consent of Soaring Eagle Properties will be null and void and of no force or effect.Soaring Eagle Casino Location Terms & ConditionsSoaring Eagle Casino can also use your mobile phone’s location to send you the latest Soaring Eagle Casino news, updates, promotions and exclusive mobile offers based on your location. To join the location program, just text LOCATION to 32363.You can opt-out at any time from both messaging and location checks by sending STOP to 32363.Terms & Conditions: Mobile phone user privacy is extremely important to us at Soaring Eagle Casino. Location coordinates are only gathered after the mobile phone user has agreed to use this service. The user can then accept this agreement by replying YES to the Opt-In SMS text message. At any time the user can cancel Soaring Eagle Casino Location Service’s ability to obtain their location coordinates by replying STOP to this Opt-In SMS text message.Limitations: Soaring Eagle Casino Location Service is available only on Boost, AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile & Cricket Communications. The location service will not be available if the phone is roaming or is turned off. Other Network Carriers will be added as they become available. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this service.Location coordinates (longitude, latitude, and radius) will be obtained only when we have proper authorization from the user.Message and Data rates may apply. Messages will be sent 10 times per month. For location service messages, receiving alerts is based on your profile and proximity to Soaring Eagle Casino.Location SMS Program Opt-In/Opt-Out: To sign-up text LOCATION to 32363. To cancel: Text STOP to 32363. For Support text HELP to 32363 or call 1.800.732.4537 or email: help@soaringeaglecasino.comPrivacy: All customer data will be used only by Soaring Eagle Casino and our partners to provide these services. We will not pass-on or re-sell your data to any third party. Location coordinate data is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology into password protected servers. This information is retained in memory long enough for Soaring Eagle Casino to determine and send the appropriate message and is never stored in a persistent format and is accessible only by the service for determining location and triggering text messages.Your Consent: By using Soaring Eagle Casino’s Service, (you) the user consents to our privacy policy. To review our Privacy Policy please visit www.soaringeaglecasino.com/privacyChanges to Privacy Policy: In the case of changes to Soaring Eagle Casino’s privacy policy, we will post those changes to www.soaringeaglecasino.com/privacyContacting Us: If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy or Soaring Eagle Casino’s service, you may contact us using the information below.Soaring Eagle Casino & Resort 6800 Soaring Eagle Blvd.
Mount Pleasant, MI 48858 P:1.800.732.4537help@soaringeaglecasino.com