http://www.pooltracker.com/privacy_policy.asp
Skip to main content
Problems Printing?
If so, it is, more than likely, an issue with your browser, not the web site.
Possible solutions:
1. Click "Print Preview" instead of "Print" to adjust what will be printed.
2. Install a different web browser.
We recommend https://google.com/chrome
3. Try the methods found here:
https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/ie/forum/ie11-iewindows8_1/ie11-on-windows81-prints-blank-pages/821b3010-a132-4825-9e3f-4e4a65ea47ae
Toggle navigation
My Pools
Install App
My Pools
Join a Pool
Current Pools
Help
Install App
Log In
Privacy policy
At Pooltracker we respect and protect your privacy. Our site is a safe environment for anyone who visits and purchases. We are committed to providing you with the best possible online service and experience as well as the best services. The purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you:
a complete description of what we collect
how we use that information
how you can access, correct or delete your information
We do not rent or sell any information you provide to us.
What information does Pooltracker collect, and how is it used?
When you visit the Pooltracker.com site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This includes which pages are visited, types of products purchased, and any feedback from our visitors. We then collate this information with other pieces of information to improve our site and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient as possible.
An account must be created to access our Members Area.
In the members area, you can create pools, purchase upgrades and invite others to join. Cookies are used to determine if users are logged in or not.
Once an account is created or a user logs in with an existing account, the system writes a cookie to the user's browser with a unique identifier.
Registration information you provide when you create an account:
First name / Last name
Email address
Password
Screen name
Transaction information you provide when you purchase a product or service from us.
Information is collected by our e-commerce vendors. Please note, billing information is not stored on our system.
Please see Credit Card Processing and Security section below for details.
Phone number
Billing address
- Please note: billing information, including credit card information, is not stored on our system, as detiled below.
Credit card account number
- Please note: billing information, including credit card information, is not stored on our system, as detiled below.
Titles of services you purchase from us
Registration information you provide on sponsor-branded sites we host may also collect the following for sponsor(s).
Please note this data is shared only with the sponsor(s) and is governed by their privacy and data policies.
Phone number
Address
Qualitative quesiton(s) provided by sponsor(s)
Newsletter/eclub opt-ins
Interest-based Ads
We may show banner ads on the website.
Targeted advertising can be controlled by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance
or by visiting youronlinechoices.com
.
Your Controls and Choices
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. In accordance with applicable law, your controls and choices may include:
Correcting, updating, and deleting your registration account (Log in and go to the My Profile page);
Choosing or changing your choices for reminder emails; (Log in and go to the My Profile page)
Choosing whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services; (Log in and go to the My Profile page)
Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers (by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance
or for users in the EU region by visiting youronlinechoices.com );
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order, to send you reminder notices to make your picks and to send you promotions for upcoming tournaments and to use it internally for statistical reasons. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA")_
California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights (As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83).
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits individuals who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.
However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy.
Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.
How to Make Requests
If you are a California resident, you may make a request for the disclosures described above or make a request to delete personal information we collected from you, by going to the My Profile page or by submitting a request on the privacy request page.
NOTE: The privacy request form is intended only for consumers as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Consumers are natural persons who reside in California. Pooltracker will not respond to requests from any individuals who are not consumers or authorized agents as defined under the CCPA.
Credit Card Processing and Security_
Shopping with Pooltracker is absolutely safe - you never have to worry about credit-card safety when you are shopping at our site. We guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe. If fraudulent charges are ever made, you will not have to pay for them.
Pooltracker uses the services of Authorize.net
to provide the highest level of secure online transactions. Your credit card information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. Authorize.net maintains their own privacy and security policies. If you have questions about these services, or how they handle the information they receive, please contact Authorize.net .
All information you enter in the Authorize.net order form will be shared with Pooltracker in order to fulfill the purchased services. This does not apply to your credit card information. We never have access to your credit card number.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information_
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and clicking the "My Profile" link near the top of the "My Pools" page or by submitting a request on the privacy request page. The exception, as explained above in the "Credit Card Processing and Security" section, is your billing information, since it is not kept in our system. We will never ask for your Credit Card number.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Other
We link to other Web sites. Any data that you supply on these Web sites is beyond our reach and will be the responsibility of the linked-to entity and not Pooltracker. We do not have access to the information you give them. Pooltracker is not responsible for the content published on these sites.
By using the Pooltracker.com site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Pooltracker as described in this policy. Any legal disclaimer statements (i.e., terms and conditions, etc.) on our website and in our software do not negate the promises made in the privacy policy.
Pooltracker fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to release information about members who we believe are in violation of our content guidelines. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
Pooltracker wants you to be aware that when you click on links that take you to third-party Web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Pooltracker cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any Web site.
We welcome comments and questions. Please use our contact us page send us a comment or question.
Our 100% guarantee
We believe in what we do. We'll gladly give you a complete refund of the purchase price, within our Site Guarantee guidelines.
We always make an effort to make the customer happy in a fair and just manner.
Shopping with Pooltracker.com is 100% safe - you never have to worry about credit card safety when you are shopping at our site. We guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe. If fraudulent charges are ever made, you will not have to pay for them.
Safety in Numbers: Pooltracker services are sold by Authorize.net, which is one of the oldest and biggest online stores on the Internet. When you purchase at Authorize.net, you'll be one of thousands of customers who have safely shopped with Authorize.net without credit card fraud.
Safe Technology: Authorize.net's secure server software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts your credit card number, so that it cannot be read while the information travels over the Internet.
In general, under federal law of the United States, you will not be liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. In the unlikely event that you are subject to fraudulent charges, remember to first notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If, for whatever reason, you are held responsible for this amount, Pooltracker.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to $50, as long as the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made from Pooltracker.com while using our secure server.
Last updated: June 2020
Back to top
Home  Contact Us  Help  Site Map  Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Do Not Sell My Information
Current Pools  Office Football Pool Methodology  Pro Football Pickem  College Bowl Pickem  College Football Pickem  List of Games
For Amusement Only 2020 POOLTRACKER, LLC. All Rights Reserved. All logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Basketball
March Madness Bracket
March Tournament Pickem
March Sweet 16 Bracket
NBA Regular Season
NBA Playoffs
College Basketball Top 25
ACC Conference Basketball Pickem
Pro Football
NFL Office Pool
NFL Survivor
NFL Playoffs Bracket
NFL Playoffs
Super Bowl Squares online
NFL Draft Order
CFL Pick em Pools
College Football
College Football Pickem Pools
College Bowl Games
NCAA Top 25 Pickem
ACC Football Pickem
Big Ten Football Pickem
Pac 12 Football Pickem
SEC Football Pickem
Soccer
World Cup 2022
World Cup 2022 Bracket
World Cup 2022 Pickem
Womens World Cup 2023
English Premier League Predictor
UEFA Champions League
MLS Regular Season and Playoffs
UEFA Euro Cup 2020
Liga MX - Apertura y Clausura
Hockey
Regular Season NHL Hockey Pool
NHL Playoffs Bracket Challenge
Baseball
MLB Baseball Regular Season
MLB Baseball Playoffs Bracket
Cricket
ICC Cricket World Cup Pool
Rugby
Rugby World Cup Pool
SN: asxljw