http://www.greatersouthern.com/privacy
Home
Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
You may request information on products and services on the Web Site by using our inquiry and order forms, which may ask you to provide your unique identifier (like a login ID), email address, and/or financial information (like your credit card number) but only when needed for a specific transaction. Your financial information is used strictly to bill you for products and services, and your unique identifier (if implemented) is used to verify your identity in our record system. All non-financial information that you submit on our order forms are collected and stored by us, and may be provided to one of our Partners (as this term is defined in this policy). We use such personally identifiable information provided by you on the order form to fulfill your requests, and to contact you in the future via email informing you of our products and services. You may choose to "opt-out" from receiving such information from us at any time, by clicking the link on our product emails to remove your name from our mailing list, or emailing us at dpiha@greatersouthern.com.
Updated June 26, 2018
We are pleased that you are visiting our website and thank you for your interest. In the following we inform you about:
Data collection and storage
Purpose and duration of data collection and storage
Cookies
Use of social media/YouTube videos
Tools
Your rights
Data Collection And Storage
Personal data are all data with which you can be personally identified. When contacting us through the website (via form or email), your personal data is collected. This data is stored and used exclusively for the purpose of responding to your request and communicating with you as needed.For security reasons and to protect the transmission of personal data and other confidential contents (e.g. orders or requests to the responsible person), this website uses SSL or TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the character string "https://" and the lock symbol in your browser line. To delete or modify any data in which you could personally be identified contact support@hughesm.com. We will respond to your request promptly.
Purpose And Duration Of Data Collection And Storage
When using our website for information purposes only, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect data that your browser transmits to our server (so-called "server log files"). When you visit our website, we collect the following data that is technically necessary for us to display the website to you:
Our visited website
Date and time at the time of access
Amount of data sent in bytes
Source/reference from which you came to the page
Browser used
Operating system used
IP address used (if applicable: in anonymized form)
Advertising & Analytics
Google: Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and web page usage. Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on. Facebook: Our website sometimes uses Facebook advertising as well as Facebook pixels for the purpose of tracking advertising efforts. Facebook does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Facebook. We use reports provided by Facebook to help us understand advertising efforts. Facebook privacy policy here.
Basis DSP (formerly Centro DSP): Our website sometimes uses Basis DSP, a programmatic advertising and demand side platform. This platform does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data. You can read more about their privacy policy here.
Cookies
In order to make your visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your device. The purpose of these cookies is to collect and process specific user information, such as browser and location data as well as IP address values to an individual extent. In some cases, cookies are used to simplify a user's experience by saving settings (i.e. remembering the contents of a prior website submission). Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie, or after you delete your own cookies within your browser settings. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after closing your browser. Other cookies remain on your terminal and enable us or our partner companies (third-party cookies) to recognize your browser on your next visit; when we work with the aforementioned advertising partners, you will be individually and separately informed about the use of such cookies. Please note that if you do not accept cookies, the functionality of our website may be limited. To remove, block or learn more about your browser's cookie settings, please visit your browser's settings.
Use Of Youtube Videos
This website uses the Youtube embedding function to display and play videos from the provider "Youtube", which belongs to Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). According to "Youtube", these serve, among other things, to collect video statistics, to improve user-friendliness and to prevent abusive practices. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account when you click on a video. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. Google saves your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them. Regardless of the playback of the embedded videos, every time this website is accessed, a connection to the Google network "DoubleClick" is established, which can trigger further data processing operations without our influence. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in the provider's data protection declaration at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Tools And Miscellaneous
Google Maps: On our website we use Google Maps (API) from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (country) maps in order to display geographical information visually. By using this service you will be able to see our location and to find us easily. When you access the sub-pages that contain the Google Maps map, information about your use of our website (such as your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. This is regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged-in from or whether no user account exists If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google saves your data (even for users who are not logged in) as usage profiles and evaluates them. Such an evaluation takes place in particular according to art. 6 para. 1 lit.f DSGVO on the basis of the legitimate interests of Google in the insertion of personalised advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its websiteYou have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, however, you must contact Google to exercise this right. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. If you do not agree to the future transmission of your data to Google in the context of the use of Google Maps, it is also possible to completely deactivate the Google Maps web service by switching off the JavaScript application in your browser. Only then Google Maps and therefore also the map display on this website cannot be used. You can view Google's Terms of Use at http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/terms/regional.html, the additional Terms of Use for Google Maps can be found at https://www.google.com/intl/de_US/help/terms_maps.html Detailed information on data protection in connection with the use of Google Maps can be found on Google's website ("Google Privacy Policy"): http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ Google Web Fonts: This website may or may not use web fonts provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google") to uniformly display fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required Web fonts into its browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. To do this, the browser you are using must connect to Google's servers. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font is used by your computer. Google LLC, based in the USA, is certified for the US European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. Further information about Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
DON'T MISS OUT SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER TO STAY IN THE KNOW!
Subscribe
Thank you for your subscription.