http://www.crosswordtools.com/privacy.php
Dictionary
Add Knowledge
Pattern Lookup
Anagram solver
Anagram Generator
Letters Game Solver
Numbers Game Solver
Login
Password
Shared Computer
Forgotten Password?
Become a member!
Comments/Problems?
Privacy
Respecting the privacy and wishes of our users is important to us.
This policy lists what we do with any personal information that we collect.
If you have any questions, please email
support@crosswordtools.com
The information we collect and what we do with it
Most of the personal information we collect is the information you provide us when you:
(1) Sign up as a member of the site.
(2) Subscribe to one of our mailing lists.
(3) Use the services on the site.
We will not sell, rent, barter or give away any personally identifiable information to any third party
(by "third party" we mean any business, organisation or individual that is separate from the
business that owns the crosswordtools.com website). We especially understand the problem of unsolicited
email and under no circumstances will we sell, rent or give away the email addresses of our users to any
third party, whether they can be identified with an individual or not.
If you have provided us with your email address we may use it to keep you up-to-date with news
related to this site. If you would prefer to receive no email updates then please update your preferences
to reflect this and we will not email you with news.
Apart from updating you with news we may use the information we collect to improve the performance
of our services, to tailor what is presented to you according to your usage patterns and to impose
and police any limits which we set on use of the services on our site.
Third-parties
Third parties may be used for some associated services with the site. For example, we may use a
third-party credit card processing company to handle your credit card transactions.
In order for them to do their job some of your information (such as your address) will
need to be shared with these companies. We will only share personal information with these companies
to the extent necessary for them to do their job and these companies do not use personally identifiable
information obtained this way for any secondary purpose.
Third-party contractors
We may use third-party contractors to improve our website and do other work related to our
business. We will only give them access to personal customer data if it is strictly necessary for
the task they are performing and only then after they have made a contractual undertaking to
keep this information confidential.
Cookies
We use cookies for a number of purposes including identifying you to the site, tracking your
usage of the site, tracking who
referred you to the site for marketing reasons and keeping track of your settings and preferences.
Cookies are part of the way we collect the information described above and the information so collected
is subject to the same policy of use as described above.
Data Security
We place a high priority on keeping personal information secure from unauthorised access.
Precautions used include (but are not limited to) firewalls to protect online access to data,
SSL for some especially sensitive information such as credit card numbers and managing physical
access to our computer hardware (locks etc.) We review our security precautions periodically and
will implement additional measures as we need them.
Changes
The internet is changing rapidly and it is impossible for anyone to predict the future and what
issues will arise as internet technology and culture develops. As a result this privacy policy is
likely to change from time to time. A current version of our privacy policy will always be present at
this location and we will continue to respect the wishes and concerns of our visitors.
Home
|
F.A.Q.
|
About
us
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy
|
Terms & Conditions