http://www.illinoislottery.com/policy/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
$1 MILLION ON ROUTE 66!
TURN MILES INTO
ENTER 2ND CHANCE PROMOTION
Terms and Conditions
Effective As Of July 1, 2020
Skip the forthcoming terms and conditions navigation
Introduction
Use of Websites and Website Material
Making Purchases
Payment Methods
Actions we may take
Notices and Amendments to These Terms
Additional Terms
Links and Third Parties
Comments and Other Submissions/Use of Information
Ownership of Intellectual Property
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Applicable Law
Users outside of Illinois or users under age 18
Internet Privacy and Security
Potential Disruption of Service
Termination
Contact Us
Skip the forthcoming navigation
Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Help Center
Do you have any questions these T&C? Call us at 1-800-252-1775 or email us at support@illionoislottery.com
CONTACT US
Introduction
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using these websites.
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "you" and "your" means each person, group of individuals, entity or entities who visits the Illinois Lottery's websites, which include www.illinoislottery.com, https://m.myillinoislottery.com and www.myillinoislottery.com (collectively, the "Lottery Websites") or the Illinois Lottery's ticket purchase mobile app ("Mobile App") for any purpose (the Mobile App and the Lottery Websites collectively, the "Websites" or the "Website").
Thank you for downloading the Mobile App and/or visiting the Lottery Websites.
In these Terms and Conditions, the "Website Providers" or "we" means the Illinois Department of the Lottery, including its agents, contractors, and any parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering these Websites or providing information related to the Websites, including, but not limited to, Camelot Illinois LLC ("Camelot Illinois") and each of their respective successors and assigns.
The purchase of Illinois Lottery game tickets for Lotto, Mega Millions®, Powerball®, and any other Illinois Lottery game tickets authorized by Illinois law to be sold over the internet ("Internet Tickets") or subscription plans ("Lottery Subscriptions") on these Websites is strictly limited to persons who are at least 18 years old and who are located within the geographical boundaries of the State of Illinois at the time of purchase of the Internet Tickets or the Lottery Subscriptions. You must be 18 years or older to download the Mobile App. As an authorized, registered player, you may access your Illinois Lottery account ("Players Account") from outside the State of Illinois. However, you must be located within the geographical boundaries of the State of Illinois to purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions. In order to comply with legal requirements governing the sale of Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions, precise information about your location or the location of your device will be collected. The Website Providers uses geo-filtering software ("Player Location Service") and the Mobile Device Geo-Location Service ("Device Geo-Location Service") (for mobile device users) to verify that you and your device are located in the state of Illinois when you make a purchase. If the Website Providers are unable to verify that you and your device are located in the state of Illinois, you will not be able to purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions. Upon successful verification of your location and the location of your device, you will be able to utilize these Websites to purchase Internet Tickets (provided you are in Illinois at the time you purchase the Internet Tickets); sign-up for and purchase Lottery Subscriptions (provided you are in Illinois at the time you purchase the Lottery Subscriptions); log into your Players Account; view transactional history, account balance, winning Illinois Lottery numbers, or otherwise manage your Players Account; and access other information related to the Illinois Lottery. Note that if your mobile device is turned off, the Player Location Service or the Device Geo-Location Service will not detect your location or the location of your device. Additionally, mobile device users who opt out of allowing the Device Geo-Location Service to detect the location of their device will not be allowed to purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions. Access to and use of your Players Account is strictly limited to you as the registered and authorized user. Accordingly, you should not share your username and password with anyone. Prior to making a purchase, you must check a box, certifying that you (1) are the registered and authorized user of your Players Account, (2) are at least 18 years old, and (3) are completing a purchase from a location within the geographical boundaries of the State of Illinois. Failure to comply with any of these requirements will result in forfeiture of all winnings.
The Website Providers reserve the right to terminate, suspend, or cancel any Players Accounts for suspected fraud of any type, any attempt to purchase Internet Tickets and/or Lottery Subscriptions from a location that is not within the geographic boundaries of Illinois, the purchase or attempted purchase of Internet Tickets and/or Lottery Subscriptions by persons under the age of 18 years old, and for violations of any applicable rules, regulations, or state or federal laws.
In the event a purchase is determined to have been placed by an individual under the age of 18 by someone other than the registered owner of the Players Account, from a location outside the State of Illinois, or through any fraudulent or unlawful means, the prize will be forfeited, the funds deposited into the Lottery Fund, and the Players Account may be cancelled.
The Illinois Lottery encourages parents to ensure that children under the age of 18 do not have access to Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") that may be used to set up a Players Account and/or purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions on the Websites.
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, PII means information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. In this case, PII includes, among other information, an individual's name, address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail, account number, password information, and any other information used to identify you on the Websites. A domain name or Internet protocol address is not considered PII. PII does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
These Terms and Conditions are a binding legal agreement between you and the Website Providers. By visiting a Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, you should immediately stop using any Website.
If you browse through any Website and review information, such as game rules or winning numbers, then only Sections I through II of these Terms and Conditions apply to you. If you sign up for or access a Players Account, which is required to purchase Internet Tickets or sign up for Lottery Subscriptions, then the entire document applies to you.
Use of Websites and Website Material
You agree to access and use these Websites only for lawful reasons. You are responsible for knowing and complying with any and all laws, statutes, rules and regulations pertaining to your use of the Websites. You are prohibited from using the Websites in any way that:
A. is threatening, violent, abusive, hateful, defamatory, slanderous, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, tortious, indecent, vulgar, profane, obscene, or that the Website Providers deems in their sole discretion to be inappropriate for the Websites;
B. violates any law, regulation, or court order;
C. accesses, collects or stores personal information about others;
D. violates or infringes upon the rights of anyone else, including, for example, another person's right to privacy;
E. impersonates any person, business, entity, or IP address (e.g., IP spoofing);
F. involves uploading, posting, emailing, transmitting, or otherwise making available any materials that you do not have a right to make available under any law;
G. is commercial in nature, including, for example, advertising, promotional or marketing materials, or spam, phishing or other unsolicited messages;
H. gains or tries to gain unauthorized access to these Websites, its computers and networks, or its user data, or that otherwise modifies or interferes with the use or operation of the Websites;
I. imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Illinois Lottery's infrastructure, including but not limited to, transmitting spam or using other unsolicited mass emailing techniques;
J. alters, damages, or deletes any content posted on the Websites;
K. contains or introduces computer viruses or other disruptive, damaging or harmful files or programs; or
L. otherwise violates these Terms and Conditions or any other guidelines or policies posted on the Websites, including the Privacy Notice, which is incorporated by this reference into these Terms and Conditions.
The Website Providers will cooperate fully with any law enforcement officials and/or agencies if requested or required in the investigation of any users who violate these Terms and Conditions and may disclose your information to such law enforcement officials and/or agencies if required by law.
Making Purchases
A. About Players Accounts
You must sign-up for a Players Account in order to purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions. If you are listed on the Illinois Lottery's Voluntary Self Exclusion Program database, you will not be allowed to set up a Players Account. The amounts of Internet Tickets per day you are permitted to purchase is subject to limitations established by the Illinois Lottery. At any time, you may maintain only one (1) Players Account.
When you open a Players Account, you are authorizing the Website Providers to deposit your winnings of $600 or below per wager into your Player Account. If the balance in your Players Account exceeds $2000 at any given time, for the Website Providers will automatically transfer amounts in excess of $2000 via an Automated Clearing House ("ACH") transaction or issue a check payable to you for such amounts. You may use winnings on deposit in your Players Account to purchase Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions but no other products. Any winnings in your Players Account may be transferred out to your bank account through an ACH transaction, or you may request a check for the balance. All winnings over $600 will be verified by the Website Providers, and you will be required to complete an Illinois Lottery Claim Form to receive your winnings.
The funds in your Players Account will be held separate from the funds of the Illinois Lottery, Camelot Illinois (manager of the Illinois Lottery) and its subcontractors. No Website Provider will use your funds for operating expenses or for any purposes other than the payment of winnings. Funds in the Players Account will be combined with the funds of other holders of Players Accounts and placed into pooled accounts with one or more FDIC-insured banks ("Pooled Accounts"). These Pooled Accounts will be held in the name of Camelot Illinois for the benefit of the holders of Players Accounts. Balances in U.S. Dollars that are held in Pooled Accounts may be eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance. In the unlikely event that an FDIC-insured bank that holds your funds fails, the total of all of your balances would be subject to the FDIC pass-through deposit insurance coverage. For purposes of calculating your total balance, the bank would take into account the balance in your Players Account plus amounts on deposit in all of your other qualifying accounts at the bank. Pass-through deposit coverage is contingent upon Camelot Illinois or its contractors maintaining accurate records and on determinations of the FDIC as receiver at the time of a future receivership of any bank at which your funds are placed.
Any funds in the Players Account are subject to the Abandoned Property provisions described in Section V. E. of these Terms and Conditions.
B. Players Account Information
Any information you provide in setting up your Players Account is subject to the Illinois Lottery’s Privacy Notice. You are responsible for keeping your Players Account login username and password secret and confidential. If you fail to do so, you are responsible for any charges, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities, and losses that you or the Website Providers may incur as a result. If you discover fraudulent or unauthorized purchases or funds transfers or suspect that your Players Account is being used by an unauthorized third party, you must notify the Illinois Lottery immediately by calling 1-800-252-1775. Providing prompt notice to the Illinois Lottery will help limit your liability for such fraudulent or unauthorized transactions. You certify that any information provided to the Website Providers in the registration form is complete and accurate. The Website Providers, in their sole discretion, reserve the right to require you to change your Players Account login username and/or password, if the Website Provider deems that your login information is offensive, inappropriate, or otherwise unacceptable.
The official record of all purchases and winning numbers will be maintained by the Illinois Lottery. Additional information regarding Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions, including the applicable Illinois Lottery Game Rules, is available at www.illinoislottery.com, www.myillinoislottery.com or https://m.myillinoislottery.com.
Payment Methods
A. Payment Methods
We want to make the Players Account a more convenient way for you to purchase Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions. Therefore, we allow you to purchase Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions using credit and debit cards or from winnings on deposit in your Players Account.
B. Authority
When you provide a valid payment method to us, you confirm that you are authorized to use that payment method. When you fund a transaction, you authorize us (and our designated payment processor) to charge the full amount to the payment method you designate for the transaction. You may also authorize us to collect and store that payment method, along with other related transaction information.
C. Approval
If you pay by credit or debit card, we may obtain a pre-approval from the issuer of the card for an amount, which may be as high as the full price of your purchase. We will bill your card at the time you load funds for your Illinois Lottery transaction, or shortly thereafter. If you cancel a transaction before completion, this pre-approval may result in those funds not otherwise being immediately available to you.
D. Failed Funding
If you fund a payment by debit card and your load transaction results in an overdraft or other fee from your bank, you are solely responsible for the resulting fee(s).
E. Other Provisions
The following terms of use apply to the Players Account and the purchase of Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions:
Purchases of Internet Tickets are non-refundable;
Lottery Subscriptions cannot be cancelled, except by the Website Providers;
You shall not sell or transfer Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions to anyone; and
We may change the purchase price for Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions (and we may also change the number of draws associated with your Lottery Subscriptions) at any time in accordance with Illinois law and Illinois Lottery rules. We also reserve the right to stop selling Internet Tickets and Lottery Subscriptions.
Actions we may take
A. Terminate Use
The Website Providers reserve the right to terminate, suspend, or cancel any Players Accounts or purchase transactions for suspected fraud of any type, any attempt to purchase Internet Tickets and/or Lottery Subscriptions from a location that is not within the geographic boundaries of Illinois, the purchase or attempted purchase of Internet Tickets and/or Lottery Subscriptions by persons under the age of 18 years old, and for violations of any applicable rules, regulations, state or federal laws.
B. Inquiries
By registering for and using the Players Account, you acknowledge and agree that we may make any inquiries that we consider necessary, either directly or through third parties, concerning your identity.
C. Payment Limitations
In order to prevent financial loss to you or to us, such as if we suspect a data breach or that an unauthorized person may have accessed your Players Account, we may place a delay on a payment for a period of time, or limit payment methods for a transaction, or limit your ability to make a purchase, or deactivate your account.
D. Sharing of Information
We may contact your financial institution or card issuer, law enforcement, or affected third parties (including other users) and share details of any payments or transactions associated with your Players Account and the purchase of Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions, if we believe doing so may prevent financial loss or a violation of law.
E. Abandoned Property
If your Players Account is deemed abandoned under the Revised Uniform Unclaimed Property Act (765 ILCS 1026/15-101 et seq.), we shall process your balance in accordance with our obligations under said law. After we turn funds over to the Illinois State Treasurer, we have no further liability to you for the funds and you must contact the Illinois State Treasurer to reclaim your funds.
Notices and Amendments to These Terms
A. Notice to You
By registering for a Players Account, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically to deliver any important information regarding your purchases or your account. We may also provide notices to you by posting them on a Website, or by sending them to an email address or street address that you previously provided to us. Website and email notices shall be considered received by you within 24 hours of the time posted or sent; notices by postal mail shall be considered received within five (5) business days of the time sent.
B. Notice to Us
Except as otherwise stated, you must send notices relating to your Players Account to: support@illinoislottery.com.
C. Amendment Guidelines
The Website Providers may change these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice to you by posting changes on a Website. The Website Providers encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of any changes will mean that you accept the revised Terms and Conditions.
In addition, we may update these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice as we deem necessary to the fullest extent permitted by law. The Terms and Conditions in place at the time you confirm a transaction will govern that transaction.
Additional Terms
A. Courtesy Translations
These Terms and Conditions were written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of these terms conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
B. E-mail Practices
By creating a Players Account, you acknowledge and agree that the Website Providers (on behalf of the Illinois Lottery) and/or certain third parties in a contractual relationship with the Website Providers ("Third Party Service Providers") may send you e-mails for business purposes.  In order to receive e-mails  for marketing purposes, such as e-mails about Illinois Lottery games and promotions, you must opt-in to receive them.
Links and Third Parties
The Websites may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you click on any such link in a Website, you will leave the Website. The Website Providers do not control, and is not responsible for, any third party websites or their content. Therefore, the Website Providers do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites, or any information, products, or materials found there. If you access any of the third party websites linked to these Websites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Comments and Other Submissions/Use of Information
While the Illinois Lottery does not claim ownership of any comments or suggestions that you may submit to the Illinois Lottery, by submitting a comment or suggestion or any other material to these Websites, such as through the "Contact Us" section, you hereby authorize and grant the Website Providers and Third Party Service Providers the non-exclusive right and license to use, display, reproduce, modify, and distribute the comment, suggestion, or material in whole or in part, anywhere in perpetuity in any and all media outlets, whether alone or together, or as part of any material of any kind or nature. Without limiting any of the foregoing, the Website Providers and Third Party Service Providers will have the non-exclusive right and license to use, copy, display, perform, distribute, modify, and re-format the comment, suggestion, or material in any manner that they may determine. You waive any claims to compensation for any such right or license. By submitting a comment, suggestion, or material, you represent and warrant to the Website Providers and Third Party Service Providers that you have all necessary rights in and to all comments, suggestions, or materials you provide and all information they contain, and that such comments, suggestions, or materials do not infringe upon any proprietary or other rights of third parties or contain any libelous, tortious, or otherwise unlawful information.
Ownership of Intellectual Property
The Website Providers and licensors (and each of their respective successors and assigns) own the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and trade dress rights to all materials and content displayed on and from these Websites (collectively referred to as "Intellectual Property"). You may not reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, frame, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, transmit, broadcast, or circulate any such materials or content to any third party (including displaying or distributing the Intellectual Property using a third party website) without the prior written consent of the Illinois Lottery or licensors, as applicable, except to use these Websites for their intended purpose. The Illinois Lottery retains all rights that are not otherwise expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
A. Disclaimer of Liability
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED, THE WEBSITE PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE WEBSITE PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THESE WEBSITES WILL BE ERROR FREE. ALTHOUGH THE WEBSITE PROVIDERS ENDEAVOR TO PROVIDE ACCURATE INFORMATION, THEY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF INFORMATION ON THESE WEBSITES. THE WEBSITE PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE), CLAIM, OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THESE WEBSITES. ANY CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES WILL BE LIMITED TO THE PRICE OF EACH INTERNET TICKET PURCHASED VIA THESE WEBSITES OR THE VALUE OF A SINGLE TICKET PLAYED AS PART OF A LOTTERY SUBSCRIPTION PURCHASED VIA THESE WEBSITES. FOR VALIDATION OF WINNING NUMBER RESULTS, PLEASE VISIT YOUR LOCAL LOTTERY RETAILER.
ALL CONTENT ON THIS SITE IS THE PROPERTY OF THE ILLINOIS LOTTERY AND IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT LAW. YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT REPRODUCE, LICENSE, SELL, PUBLISH, TRANSMIT, DISTRIBUTE, DISPLAY, MODIFY, CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS FROM OR EXPLOIT IN ANY WAY IN WHOLE OR IN PART ANY OF THE CONTENTS OF OR INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ILLINOIS LOTTERY. IF YOU DOWNLOAD OR PRINT A COPY OF MATERIALS FROM THIS WEBSITE FOR A PERSONAL, NONCOMMERCIAL USE, YOU MUST RETAIN ALL COPYRIGHT AND OTHER PROPRIETARY NOTICES CONTAINED THEREIN.
YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE THE ILLINOIS LOTTERY’S NAME, GRAPHICS OR LOGO IN ADVERTISING AS AN ENDORSEMENT FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE, OR FOR ANY PURPOSE, COMMERCIAL OR OTHERWISE, WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN APPROVAL.
B. Disclaimer of Accuracy of Data
The Website Providers make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the materials, or content provided on these Websites and assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions on these Websites. No warranty, expressed or implied, is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability, or usefulness of any materials or content. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the materials or content. If you find any errors or omissions, we encourage you to report them to support@illinoislottery.com.
The Website Providers makes every effort possible to make sure that winning number information posted on these Websites is accurate and available within a reasonable amount of time after winning numbers are drawn. However, in the event of an error, the winning numbers and prize amount information in the official records of the Illinois Lottery will stand as the final determination.
C. Disclaimer of Endorsement
The Website Providers may from time to time distribute content supplied by third parties. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, users, or others, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and do not necessarily state or reflect the opinion of the Website Providers and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the Website Providers.
Applicable Law
Any dispute arising out of your use of these Websites or material or content from these Websites shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of Illinois, United States of America. The Illinois Court of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims against the Illinois Lottery.
Users outside of Illinois or users under age 18
Information contained on these Websites is for convenience and informational purposes only. The lottery games offered by the Illinois Lottery are sold only within the State of Illinois. Any access to these Websites from outside of the State of Illinois to purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions is strictly prohibited. You may sign up for or log in to a Players Account from any location within or outside Illinois. However, in order to purchase Internet Tickets or Lottery Subscriptions via the internet or our Mobile App, you must access these Websites from a location within the geographical boundaries of the State of Illinois. If the Website Providers are unable to verify the location of your device or verify that your location is within the geographical boundaries of Illinois, you will be prohibited from making any purchases using these Websites.
BY USING THESE WEBSITES, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE. PERSONS YOUNGER THAN 18 ARE STRICTLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THESE WEBSITES. IN ADDITION, TO OBTAIN A PLAYERS ACCOUNT, YOU MUST PROVIDE A CURRENT VALID ILLINOIS ADDRESS WHEN YOU REGISTER. IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE WITH A CURRENT, VALID ILLINOIS ADDRESS, DO NOT REGISTER FOR A PLAYERS ACCOUNT.
Internet Privacy and Security
Due to the design of the Internet, the Illinois Lottery cannot guarantee that communications between you and the Illinois Lottery will be free from unauthorized access by third parties or will be secure. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you expressly agree that your use of these Websites is at your sole risk, and you agree that the Website Providers shall not be liable if a security breach occurs, or if these Websites malfunction, except as required by law.
Potential Disruption of Service
Access to these Websites may from time to time be unavailable, delayed, limited or slowed due to, but not limited to, the following:
A. scheduled daily maintenance;
B. emergency (unscheduled) maintenance;
C. hardware failure, including but not limited to, failures of computers (including your own computer), servers, networks, connections, and other electronic and mechanical equipment;
D. software failure, including but not limited to, bugs, errors, viruses, configuration problems, incompatibility of systems, utilities or applications, the operation of firewalls or screening programs, unreadable codes, or irregularities within particular documents or other content;
E. overload of system capacities;
F. damage caused by severe weather, earthquakes, act of God, accident, fire, water damage, explosion, mechanical breakdown or natural disasters;
G. interruption (whether partial or total) of power supplies or other utility or service (including the Internet); or
H. other similar disruptions.
Termination
The Website Providers reserve the right to terminate your access to the Websites at any time and for any reason, including for violation of these Terms and Conditions. In the event of termination, you will no longer be authorized to access the Websites (including your Players Account), purchase Internet Tickets, or purchase Lottery Subscriptions. You shall have no recourse, and the Website Providers shall have no liability as a result of any such termination. All provisions of these Terms and Conditions relating to warranties, confidentiality obligations, proprietary rights, and limitation of liability shall remain effective despite such termination. If your access is terminated and you believe you have remaining funds in your Players Account or remaining plays in your Lottery Subscription, you should contact the Player Hotline at 1-800-252-1775.
In the event a wager is determined to have been placed by an individual under the age of 18, by someone other than the registered owner of the Players Account, from a location outside the State of Illinois or through any fraudulent and unlawful means, the prize will be forfeited, the funds deposited to the Lottery Fund, and the Players Account may be canceled.
Contact Us
Any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions should be directed to support@illinoislottery.com or 1-800-252-1775.