http://www.pokersourceonline.com/pso/privacy.asp
Sign In
|
Create Account
|
Forgot Password
|
Support
Username:
Password:
Sportsbooks
Free Poker Money
Free Poker Gifts
Home
Room of the Month
Points Store
Room Reviews
Referral Program
Promotions
Help
TheNuts
EN
DE
ES
FR
Our Customer Privacy Policy
PokerSource
Store Order History
Support
Free Poker Money
Referral Program
FAQs
Room Reviews
Forgot Password
PokerSource Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers PokerSource's treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on our site, and when you use our services. This policy also applies to PokerSource's treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit or use our pages. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested.
We may use this information for three general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain services and information, and to contact you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:(1) we have your consent to share the information; (2) we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; (3) we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of PokerSource to provide a product or service to you (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us); (4) we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or (5) we find that your actions on our web sites violate the above terms of service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
We may set and access cookies on your computer.
Poker Room of the Month
50% More Points
Points Store
Visit Our Store
Site Map
Register
Refer a Friend
Help
About Us
FAQs
DMCA & Copyright
Sportsbooks
PokerSource.com is the best site for free poker money and free poker gifts promotions online. Visit the Open Directory Project, GamCare or Wikipedia for more poker info.
Copyright © 2004 - 2020 PokerSource.com - All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy