https://www.cheatchaser.com/about/privacy.html
XBOX  |  PC  |  PS1  |  PS2  |  NINTENDO 64  |  GAMEBOY  |  MOBILE
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting cheatchaser.com, a site by Para-Noir Productions.
Your privacy
is important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this
notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you
can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site.
The Information We Collect
From time to time, this site will feature contests, polls, forums, subscribable newsletters
and such.
The types of personally identifiable
information that may be collected at these pages include:
name,
address, e-mail address, telephone number, and information about your interests. We will indicate up-front whether or not
this information will become public (ie, forum messages, poll opinions).
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when
you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are
using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system
you are using, (e.g., Windows '95 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your
Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your
requests for information and services, to respond to your
inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs
or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to
notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes
to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online
newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and
communities is used to provide an interactive experience.
We use this
information to facilitate participation in these online forums and
communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or
services.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we
collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us
to personalize your Internet experience.
We also may use this
information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer
you products, programs, or services.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law,
for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.
We also may
disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's
request.
Agents and contractors of Para-Noir Productions who have access to personally
identifiable information are required to protect this information in a
manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not
using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the
services they are performing for Para-Noir Productions.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized
disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally
identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a
manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Inadvertent
disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent
their identities in asking the site for access to personally
identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting
possible factual errors in the data.
Finally, Para-Noir Productions will not use or transfer personally
identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones
described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt
out of these unrelated uses.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
This site contains links to other sites whose information
practices may be different than ours.
Visitors should consult the other
sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is
submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We may, on occasion, offer contests, sweepstakes, or
promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third
parties.
By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain
personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to
participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. We have
no control over the third-party sponsors' use of this information.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain
data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the online
policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us via
.
About our banner ads
This site, Cheat Chaser, uses the services of Engage for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions and other marketing messages. To do this, Engage collects anonymous data through the use of cookies. To learn more about Engage, including your ability to opt out of the Engage system, go to http://www.engage.com/privacy.
Copyright 2000-2020 Curiosity Cave Pty Ltd. All rights by all media reserved.