http://www.bigworldtech.com/privacy-policy
Home
Technology
Games
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
1. IntroductionThis Privacy Policy applies to the operations of BigWorld Pty Ltd trading as Wargaming Sydney (WG Sydney) and describes how we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information consistent with the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles.2. Collection of personal informationWG Sydney collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information to carry out its activities.The kinds of personal information that WG Sydney may collect and hold include:contact information (e.g. name, email address, home address, phone number, Skype ID);
biographical information (e.g. names, titles, relationships and birthdates);
information about prospective employees which is collected during the recruitment process (e.g. educational qualifications, employment history and referee reports);
information about individuals employed or engaged by our related companies, including Wargaming Australia Pty Ltd.
Some personal information that we collect is ‘sensitive information’. This includes health information and information relating to political, trade, association or board memberships, and details of any criminal record you may have.Where possible we will collect personal information directly from you when we deal with you in person, by telephone, letter, Skype or email. For example, WG Sydney may collect your personal information if you complete an inquiry form on our website (www.bigworldtech.com), apply for a job or work experience with us or provide feedback to us.In the course of carrying out our functions and activities, we may collect personal information about you indirectly from publicly available sources or from third parties, such as recruitment agencies or entities which refer work or recommend service providers to us. We may also collect personal information from third party service providers who conduct payment processing on our behalf.We use social networking services such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter to communicate with the public about our activities. We may collect your personal information when you communicate with us by using these social networking services, and the social networking services will also handle your personal information for their own services. These social networking sites have their own privacy policies.If you do not provide information requested by WG Sydney, we might not be able to fulfil the purpose for which we have requested the information.3.      Use of personal informationThe purposes for which WG Sydney may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information include:for recruitment purposes;
to respond to your inquiries and manage our relationship with you;
to prepare tenders; and
for secondary and ancillary purposes.
4. Disclosure of personal informationSituations in which WG Sydney may disclose personal information include:to technology services providers, for delivery of emails, including secure storage and management of our records;
to our related companies; and
to a third party service provider that conducts payment processing on our behalf.
We may transfer your personal information to, or store it at, a destination outside Australia.  For example, your personal information may be disclosed to one of related companies, which are based in USA, Asia, Australia, Europe and the CIS region. Your personal information may also be stored on servers, which are located in various countries around the world, including USA, Asia, Australia, Europe and the CIS region. 5. Storage and securityWG Sydney takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information it holds is protected from misuse, interference, loss or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Your personal information is held in secure environments including secure servers located in our offices in Sydney and overseas. Access to personal information is password protected and is accessible only to specified personnel, such as IT personnel. WG Sydney offices are locked and alarmed with a security system.6. Accessing and correction of your personal informationYou may contact us to request access to your personal information, and to request that we correct your personal information.If you would like to access or correct your personal information, please send an email request to our Privacy Officer (contact details are below).WG Sydney will process your request within a reasonable period of time, usually thirty (30) calendar days.There are circumstances where WG Sydney may refuse your request for access or correction to your personal information. If that is the case, WG Sydney will notify you in writing and will provide reasons.7. How to make a complaintIf you would like more information about how WG Sydney manages your personal information, or if you wish to make a complaint about how we have handled your personal information, you should provide a written inquiry or complaint to the Privacy Officer:Email: privacy@bigworldtech.comPost: Level 2, 1 Smail St, Ultimo NSW 2007WG Sydney will respond in writing to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of your complaint.If your complaint remains unresolved, you have the option of notifying the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). Contact details can be found at OAIC’s website: www.oaic.gov.au.8. GDPRIf you are an individual residing in the EU, you have certain rights as to how your personal information is obtained and used in accordance with the GDPR. Except as otherwise provided in the GDPR, you have the following rights;• to be informed how your personal information is being used and how long it will be stored;• access your personal information;• to correct your personal information;• to delete your personal information;• to restrict processing of your personal information;• to retain and reuse your personal information for your own purposes;• to withdraw your consent to your personal information being used; • to be informed whether there is a statutory or contractual obligation to provide personal information; and• to object against automated decision making and profiling.You can obtain more information about the GDPR from the European Commission Website; https://ec.europa.eu/commission/index_e/9. Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may amend this Policy from time to time and all changes will be posted on this website. By using this website and by continuing to deal with us, you accept and agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy.
Boost your career in game development.
View all positions available