http://www.gamejobs.com/content/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
Main menuHome
About Us
Contact Us
Resources
Educational Area
XML Feed Recent Job Posts
Partners And Affiliates
Home ›
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by Game Jobs, ("Game Jobs"). (The Game Jobs Network includes all Web sites and certain other Internet media properties hyper linked from the Game Jobs corporate Web site.) The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" or IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the Game Jobs Network, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. Our Web servers also collect information about the type of Internet browser you are using, operating system, as well as which of Game Job's Web pages you have accessed. This information is used to help our team develop Web sites to display properly for the majority of our visitors. Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
Does Game Jobs use cookies?
Yes, Game Job uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are often used to provide you with a customized experience. At no time is any personal information stored within one of our cookies. Accepting cookies through your browser is a personal choice. You can sill enjoy Game Job's Web sites if you choose not to accept cookies.
What information do you collect when I complete the "Contact Us" form?
Any information supplied through our contact forms is used to aid our business to respond to your request and provide you with the necessary information. Your email address may be entered to receive Game Job's electronic newsletter. You can un-subscribe to this Newsletter at anytime.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?
Game Jobs will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties for the purpose of direct or indirect mass email marketing. Game Jobs will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: 1. Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Game Jobs, 2. Protect and defend the rights or property of the Game Jobs Network of sites and related properties, or visitors to the Game Jobs Network of sites and related properties, 3. Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the Game Jobs Network or its related properties,
What safeguards are in place?
Game Jobs is obligated to protect your personal information by making reasonable security arrangements against such risks as unauthorized access, use, collection, disclosure or disposal. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operating practices as part of Game Job's commitment to protect the personal information it holds.
What else should I know about my privacy when online?
The Game Jobs Network contains many hyperlinks to third party Web sites. Game Jobs is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers. Game Jobs does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Game Jobs with the third parties to which Game Jobs links. Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Consent To This Agreement
By using the Game Jobs Network, you consent to the collection and use of information by Game Jobs as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Job SeekersEmployers
Login / Sign up
Post a Resume
Personal Job Agent
Login / Sign up
View the Resumes
Products / Pricing
ADVERTISEMENT
Secondary menuPrivacy Policy
Sitemap
Copyright © 2018 ECA. All rights reserved. GameJobs and the GameJobs logo are trademarks of Crest Group, LLC and the ECA.