https://aa-dc.org/privacy-policy
(202) 966-9115
The technology committee is currently reviewing WAIA’s Privacy Policy statement below – if you would like to take part, please email tech@aa-dc.org and join the conversation – thanks!
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Washington Area Intergroup Association collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.aa-dc.org website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Washington Area Intergroup Association.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Washington Area Intergroup Association may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Your use of information found on this site
You are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Sites and the Site Materials for your informational, non-commercial and personal use provided that (a) you include without modification all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the content, (b) you do not modify the content, (c) you do not use the content in a manner that suggests WAIA promotes or endorses your, or any third party’s, causes, ideas, products, sites, applications, platforms or services, and (d) you do not use the content in any way that is unlawful or harmful to any other person or entity. Such license is subject to these Terms and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of the Sites or the Site Materials therein; (b) the reproduction, distribution, public performance or public display of any Site Materials, except as expressly permitted on the Site; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Sites and the Site Materials, or any portion thereof; (d) use of any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of the Sites, the Site Materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on the Sites; or (f) any use of the Sites or the Site Materials other than for its intended purpose.
Any use of the Sites or the Site Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of WAIA, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.
Changes to this privacy policy
Washington Area Intergroup Association has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Washington Area Intergroup Association
4530 Connecticut Ave, NW
Suite 111
Washington, DC 20008
202-966-9783
aa-dc@aa-dc.org
COVID -19 UPDATE!!The WAIA office is still temporarily closed to the public and volunteers. Phones continue to be answered.
Literature and chip orders may be placed for shipping or curbside pickup only. (we will come out, do not enter the building)
You may call 202-966-9115 or email orders@aa-dc.org to place your order. (online ordering coming soon). Curbside service will be available Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM or Thursdays 10:00AM - 7:00 PM.
The "upcoming meetings" widget below will continue to show temporarily cancelled meetings and meetings at closed clubs - click on an
upcoming meeting to see if an online meeting has been set up or check
online
meetings list
For assistance in setting up and securing your groups online meetings:
online/phone meeting resourcesUpcoming Meetings
Time
Meeting
Location
Region
6:00 am
Open Discussion Location Temporarily Closed, Online Meeting
180 Club
Hyattsville
6:45 am
Del Ray Sunrise Sobriety - As Bill Sees It Location Temporarily Closed, Online Meeting
Bethesda Presbyterian Church - Del Ray Club - Temporarily Closed
Bethesda
6:45 am
Del Ray Sunrise Sobriety - Literature Location Temporarily Closed, Online Meeting
Bethesda Presbyterian Church - Del Ray Club - Temporarily Closed
Bethesda
6:45 am
Crossroads of Recovery
Crossroads of Recovery
Laurel
6:45 am
How It Works Location Temporarily Closed, Online Meeting
Greenbelt Step Club - Temporarily Closed
Greenbelt
View More…Upcoming Events
Till the Midnite Hour Topics AA Meeting
December 11 @ 9:30 pm - December 12 @ 1:00 am
Area 13 – Late Fall Assembly
December 12 @ 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Area 13 (WAGSA) Area Committee Meeting
December 14 @ 7:00 pm - 9:00 pm
View All Events
The online resource for Alcoholics Anonymous in the nation's capital.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
About WAIA
Contribute to WAIA
What is WAIA?
Purchase Chips & Literature
Board Minutes
Bylaws
Be of service
Answer the phones
12th Step/Bridging the Gap Volunteer Signup
Committees
New Reporter