https://aahouston.org/terms-and-conditions/
713-686-6300 (24/7)
Find a meeting
Donate
0 Items
Website Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on July 12, 2018.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are offered conditionally based on the following Terms and Conditions and other applicable law. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. If you do not agree to these Terms, then you may not use the Site.
Privacy Policy
Your use of the Site is also subject to our Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully as you agree to it by using the Site.
Copyright
The entire content of this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Intergroup Association, Inc. The collective site includes works that are licensed to Intergroup Association, Inc., Copyright 2018 Intergroup Association, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Intergroup Association, Inc. or purchasing Intergroup Association, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Intergroup Association, Inc. or to purchase Intergroup Association, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Intergroup Association, Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
INTERGROUP ASSOCIATION, INC. own the trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site, including but not limited to: Intergroup Association, Inc. the Alcoholics Anonymous / Houston, TX logo, and the aahouston.org. design (collectively “Marks”). You shall not use any of the Marks without the prior written consent of the owner, including, without limitation, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or that disparages or discredits Intergroup Association, Inc.
Limited License to the Site
All intellectual property rights in and to the graphics, tools, text, logos, marks, data, audio, video, design, codes, layout, “look and feel” and other content that is included on the Site (“Content”), unless otherwise credited, is owned by INTERGROUP ASSOCIATION, INC. or its licensors. You may access and use the Content only for your personal, non-commercial purposes. All rights with respect to the Content not expressly granted in this Section 2 are exclusively reserved to INTERGROUP ASSOCIATION, INC. or the applicable licensor.
Restrictions on Use of Site
In connection with your use of the Site, you shall not:
Use any Content except as expressly permitted pursuant to the Section above, entitled Limited License to the Site;
Employ any data-mining or data-extraction tools;
Copy or adapt the HTML, Java, or any other code used to generate the Site;
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software comprising any part of the Site;
Interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;
Circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Site;
Violate any applicable laws, rules, or regulations in any jurisdiction;
Access data not intended for you or log into a server or account that you are not authorized to access;
Distribute viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines or engines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or misappropriate any system, data or information;
Use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; or
Employ misleading email addresses or forged headers or otherwise manipulate, through identifiers, to disguise the origin of Content.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an Intergroup Association, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Intergroup Association, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Intergroup Association, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Intergroup Association, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Intergroup Association, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Intergroup Association, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Intergroup Association, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Intergroup Association, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Intergroup Association, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Intergroup Association, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Intergroup Association, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Intergroup Association, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Intergroup Association, Inc..
General
These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and interpreted in all respects in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its choice of law provisions. Except as specified herein, any disputes directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the Terms and Conditions or the Site will be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts located in Houston, Texas. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Intergroup Association, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Harris County, Houston, TX.
Any and all disputes directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the Terms or the Site will be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Any and all claims, judgments and awards will be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, and in no event shall you be entitled to recovery of attorneys’ fees. Under no circumstances will any claimant be permitted to obtain any award for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses.
Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Intergroup Association, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these Terms and Conditions. We may assign our rights and duties hereunder to any party at any time.
We make no representation that the contents of any Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside of United States of America. Access to the Site from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site from locations outside of the United States of America do so on their own initiative and risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export any Content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.
These Terms and Conditions set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the other provisions herein will remain in full force and effect.
Intergroup Association, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Participation Disclaimer
Intergroup Association, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Intergroup Association, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Intergroup Association, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Intergroup Association, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Intergroup Association, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Intergroup Association, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Intergroup Association, Inc., Intergroup Association, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Intergroup Association, Inc. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Intergroup Association, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions, including the Privacy Policy, are the entire agreement between the user and INTERGROUP ASSOCIATION, INC. and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements, written or oral.
Contacting Us
To contact INTERGROUP ASSOCIATION, INC. with any questions or concerns in connection with these Terms and Conditions, or to provide any notices under these Terms and Conditions, please email us at intergroup@aahouston.org.
English Español
Online Bookstore
Retail Location Back
About AA
For the NewcomerHistory of AA in HoustonAA’s BeginningsThe TwelvesFAQ Back
Intergroup
Intergroup FacilitiesCorrections CommitteeAdministrative RecordsThe Link Newsletter Back
EventsSupport for AA Groups
Update Meeting ScheduleIntergroup Delegate InformationSubmit Calendar Events Back
Resources
Is AA for You?AA Traditions Checklist Back
0 items
× Close Panel
Subscribe to The Link
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from your friends at Houston Intergroup. We will never share your information with anyone.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
X
Important Notice on COVID-19 and Remote Meeting Info