https://aahouston.org/privacy-policy/
713-686-6300 (24/7)
Find a meeting
Donate
0 Items
Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We do not, however, store credit card information.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill a gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can I opt-out, remove or modify my information?” section, below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given an option to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We make commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Personal Information secure. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.
However, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Intergroup Association, Inc. to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully, including in the case of your contacting Intergroup Association, Inc. by email or a “contact us” or similar feature on the Site. Accordingly, though Intergroup Association, Inc may take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to the Site. Due to the nature of the internet, Intergroup Association, Inc. cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the internet or while stored on its system or otherwise in its care, will be safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. For these reasons, any such transmission is done at your own risk.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different.  Explore the Help menu in your browser to determine any desired modifications for your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you will limit access to features that make your site experience more efficient and some site services will not function properly. However, you may still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties without first providing advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include Intergroup Association, Inc.. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on July 12, 2018.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
English Español
Online Bookstore
Retail Location Back
About AA
For the NewcomerHistory of AA in HoustonAA’s BeginningsThe TwelvesFAQ Back
Intergroup
Intergroup FacilitiesCorrections CommitteeAdministrative RecordsThe Link Newsletter Back
EventsSupport for AA Groups
Update Meeting ScheduleIntergroup Delegate InformationSubmit Calendar Events Back
Resources
Is AA for You?AA Traditions Checklist Back
0 items
× Close Panel
Subscribe to The Link
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from your friends at Houston Intergroup. We will never share your information with anyone.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
X
Important Notice on COVID-19 and Remote Meeting Info