https://aainthedesert.org/home/privacy-policy/
Home
Venmo Instructions
Purpose
Did You Know?
Newsletter
Links & Info
Website Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Bylaws
Site Map
Meetings
Meeting Directory
Meetings Info
Group Contributions
Calendar of Events
Book of the Month
TeleService
Teleservice Documents
Teleservice Reports
LISTEN
next AA COACHELLA FEST 7 9/20/2020
National Big Book Meeting FIRING LINE
AA Workshops
The Big Book. Our Basic Text.
12 Steps and 12 Traditions
AA Speakers – St. Margarets
AA Speakers Past and Present 1
AA Speakers Past and Present 2
BILL, BOB, LOIS & EBBY
JOE & CHARLIE
STEP WORKSHOPS
HISTORIC DOCUMENTS
Forms
Store
Service Meetings
Español
Bridging The Gap
Lifeline via email, sign up here!
Safety in A.A.: Our Common Welfare
You are here: Home / Keep Coming/Zooming Back / Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Central Intergroup Office of the Desert (Central Office) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this web site (each, a “User”).
Privacy.
Users’ privacy is very important to Central Office. Central Office is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to us. This web site is not directed at children under 13 years of age. All personal information obtained by Central Office is treated as private and confidential. The information available to users of this website is intended only for the legitimate business use of Central Offices customers and clients. Central Office will not intentionally violate any right of privacy nor make such information available to third parties for solicitation by third parties. Central Office comes into possession and knowledge of a limited amount of information necessary for it to provide its services to its customers and clients, but treats all information received as private and confidential.
The Information We Collect.
Central Office may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Central Office may also collect information about how Users use our web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the web site or the domains from which Users originate. We may use “cookies” to track how Users use our web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a web server can store on the Users’ Computer and use to identify the User should they visit the web site again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our web site.
How We Use Information.
Central Office may use personally identifiable information collected through our web site to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Central Office and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors, business partners, and to otherwise enhance Users’ experience with Central Office and such affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners. Central Office may also use information collected through our web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the web site and the marketing, advertising, and sales efforts of Central Office, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners.
Disclosure of Information.
Central Office may disclose information collected from Users to trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above. We may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Finally, we may transfer information collected from Users in connection with a sale of Central Office’s business. Central Office will never give away, rent, nor sell Users information to any entity or indiviudal who is not directly involved as an associate, affiliate, contractor or business partner of Central Office.
Maintenance of Information.
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Questions.
Users may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by email to President.Central Office@gmail.com. Users may elect not to receive solicitations from Central Office or from trusted affiliates, independent contractors, and business partners by contacting Central Office via email, by USPS mail, or by phone.
Policies, Terms and Conditions subject to change without notice.
This policy is subject to change without notice and Central Office retains the right to correct any typographical, grammatical, and/or content errors at any time without any prior notice to any Customer, User, or Interested Party.
CONTACT INFORMATION
eMail: manager@aainthedesert.org
Address: Central Office, 35-325 Date Palm Dr., Suite 134, Cathedral City, CA 92234
7th tradition Venmo
7th tradition PayPal
7th Tradition Zelle
manager@aainthedesert.org
760.218.2748
(Note: not an office phone, for Zelle contributions only)
Stay Connected!
The “Meeting Guide” (free download from App Store for IPhones, or Google Play for Android) App now available in the Coachella Valley. Click below to install.