https://aanos.org/terms-of-use-and-privacy/
Terms of Use and Privacy
TERMS OF USE
Effective as of July 24, 2018
Welcome to the official website of the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons, AANOS.org. This site is owned and operated by the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons (AANOS).
1. Agreement. By using AANOS.org you agree to the following terms of use herein. The AANOS reserves the right to change these terms from time to time. We will always post notice of those changes, and the date that they became effective, within the AANOS.org website. You may view the current version of this document at any time through the link at the bottom of the AANOS.org homepage.
2. Description of Service. AANOS.org is meant primarily for its members as a source of information pertaining to activities and services. Information contained within the site is intended for adults who are state-licensed physicians or medical students. As a physician, you should use your own professional judgment in evaluating the information provided through this Web site. This site is in no way intended to serve as a substitute for your medical diagnosis or treatment.
3. Representation. As an AANOS member user of AANOS.org, you are liable for the accuracy of the information that you provide to us that may be viewable in the member profile section.
4. Registration and Privacy. Please refer to the AANOS Privacy Policy for information on how we protect your personal information.
5. Third Party Content. AANOS.org may contain information provided by third parties. The site also provides links to other Web sites. Although the AANOS uses protocols and review processes for the content we post on AANOS.org, we assume no responsibility for information provided by third parties or the content of other Internet sites to which we provide links.
6. Advertising. Sponsors may from time to time advertise their products and services on selected pages of AANOS.org. At no time is the AANOS making any representation or warranty regarding any sponsor’s products or services, nor will we be liable for the sponsor’s products or services.
7. Disclaimer of Warranties. The AANOS has taken reasonable measures to ensure that the information contained within AANOS.org is reliable, however, by using this Web site, you accept the products and services provided here “AS IS.” AANOS makes no express or implied warranty regarding the accuracy, content, completeness, reliability, operability, or legality of information contained within AANOS.org, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights.
8. Consequences. If you violate the terms of this agreement and cause harm to others, you agree to indemnify and hold the AANOS, its sponsors, and vendors harmless from and against any and all loss, damage, or expense.
9. Participation. The AANOS may accept or reject your participation in this service for any reason at its sole discretion, including the suspension or loss of your license. Aspects of AANOS.org are offered as exclusive benefits for AANOS members only.
10. Intellectual Property. Copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws apply to the materials on AANOS.org. You agree not to infringe on intellectual property rights of others when copying or posting material on AANOS.org. Please see the Copyright notice for further information.
11. Choice of Law and Forum. This Agreement is entered into and performed in the State of Illinois, United States of America, and is governed by the laws of Illinois, exclusive of its choice of law or conflict of laws provisions. In any claim or action directly or indirectly arising under this Agreement or related to AANOS.org, each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the Circuit Court of Cook County, or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, then each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, and whichever of those two courts has jurisdiction, each party waives any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such court.
12. Complete Agreement. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction not to be enforceable, then such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to its subject matter and supersedes any earlier agreements, memoranda, or understandings. It may not be modified except as described elsewhere in this Agreement. Anything in the AANOS.org program inconsistent with or conflicting with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement.
AANOS.ORG PRIVACY STATEMENT
July 24, 2018
Information Collection and Use
The AANOS is the sole owner of the information collected on AANOS.ORG. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Some information about you has been obtained from the AANOS member database. This information is used only for maintenance of your profile on AANOS.org and to assist in maintaining the AANOS database.
Cookies
When you visit AANOS.ORG, a short string of code is stored in your Web browser’s memory. This “session-based” cookie lets us know you as a distinct user as you go to different pages on the site. When you close your browser, this cookie is not saved or stored on your computer.
Log Files
Each time a computer accesses the Internet, it uses a temporary IP address. Servers identify these numeric addresses, but not the individual using it. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Sharing
We may share aggregate demographic information (number of unique visitors, number of downloads, etc.) with prospective sponsors in order to determine the reach and impact of sponsored programs.
Links
AANOS.ORG may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that the AANOS is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each Web site they visit. This privacy statement applies solely to AANOS.ORG.
Surveys
From time-to-time we will request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used to inform AANOS.ORG users of peer opinions and to help the AANOS improve member services.
Security
AANOS takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When you submit your personal information, credit card information, and member information via the site, your information is protected both online and off-line.
We use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online. We also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screens when they enter our database. The server that we store personally identifiable information on is kept in secure environment.
If you have any questions about the security of AANOS.ORG, you can send an email to info@AANOS.org.
Your Personal Data
AANOS enables users of AANOS.org to update contact information and to opt out of the collection of personally identifiable information or particular communications or services by e-mail. Please use the contact information listed below. Due to production, mailing, and system timelines, it may take some time to process your request. In addition, we may still use your information to communicate with you for other purposes, such as for AANOS membership related matters.
Right of access: Upon request, the AANOS will confirm any processing of your Personal Data and provide you with a copy of that Personal Data in an acceptable machine-readable format.
Right to rectification:  You have the right to have AANOS correct any inaccurate Personal Data or to have AANOS complete any incomplete Personal Data;
Right to restrict processing; You have the right to ask AANOS to suppress the processing of your Personal Data but AANOS may still store your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing: You have the right to object to your Personal Data used in the following manners: (a) processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (b) direct marketing (including profiling); and (c) processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistAANOS.
Right to erasure: You may ask the AANOS to delete or remove your Personal Data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it (we may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion).
Right to data portability: Effective 25 May 2018, you have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform fulfillment of member benefits with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to withdraw consent: We rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
Right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority:  You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of Personal Data relating to you infringes upon your rights.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us at info@AANOS.org.
International Users
AANOS.org is operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using AANOS.org, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your Personal Data transferred to and processed in the United States, and allow AANOS to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Website Hosting
AANOS works with a third party to host AANOS.org. This website is stored at a remote location offsite from the AANOS offices in Chicago. AANOS shares your data, including Personal Data, with our website hosting Service Provider for the purposes of processing your data pursuant to your use of the Services provided on this website. Our web hosting provider has not been authorized to use or resell your personal information.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
Members can update personal information included in the directory by providing appropriate updates via email to info@aanos.org. You may also contact us at 312-787-1608 to provide contact information updates.
Notification of Changes
When we make changes or additions to our privacy policy, this page will be updated accordingly including the date the changes became effective. You may view the privacy policy at any time through a link at the bottom of the AANOS.ORG homepage.
Copyright © 1999-2018 American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons, Chicago, Illinois, USA. All rights reserved.
Various materials licensed to the American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons for use on this Web site are copyrighted by their respective owners.
You may reproduce sections of this Web site for patient-education and non-commercial use only, and must give attribution to the author. Requests for permission to copy or use other portions of this site that are not intended for patient education should be e-mailed to info@aanos.org.
Important Information 2021 Annual Scientific Meeting
InterContinental Airport Hotel
June 25-26 – Minneapolis, MN
Call for Presentations information now available on FICS Online
Call for Presentations Submission Deadline
December 1, 2020
American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons
1524 North Lake Shore Drive ~ Chicago, Illinois 60610 ~
(Phone) 312.787.1608 ~ (Facsimile) 312.787.9289 ~ Contact Us
Copyright © 1999-2020 American Academy of Neurological and Orthopaedic Surgeons, Chicago, Illinois, USA. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use, Privacy and Detailed Copyright Information -- GDPR
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress