https://aasfmarin.org/privacy-statement
This information is provided to explain our online information practices and the choices you have in the way information is collected and used on this website.
The Information We Collect
At Intercounty Fellowship’s website, we do not require personally identifiable information from you in order to access and use the website. Certain functions, such as online information or registration forms, do require you to voluntarily submit personally identifiable information, which may include: name, organization, address, and telephone and fax numbers.
How We Use the Information
Any personally identifiable information submitted by you is kept strictly confidential and separately from the website, and is used solely by Intercounty Fellowship to provide the information that you requested. We do not provide or forward personally identifiable information to any organization.
Cookies
Portions of Intercounty Fellowship’s website use “cookies.” Cookies are small text files placed on your computer. Intercounty Fellowship uses cookies to facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the website, to track site usage, and to compile non-personal aggregate data in order to improve content and efficiency on the website. We do not link personally identifiable information submitted by you through the online forms on Intercounty Fellowship’s website to the data stored in the cookies.
Most browsers and certain third-party utilities allow for you to accept or deny cookies from this or any other website. If you deny the use of cookies you will still be able to use our website.
Third Party Sites
Portions of Intercounty Fellowship’s website contain links to other websites.  You should consult the other website’s privacy statement for more information, as those practices may differ from ours.
Third Party Webservices
Portions of Intercounty Fellowship’s website accesses webservices and information from other websites to make finding meetings more convenient.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, you may contact us at:
Intercounty Fellowship of Alcoholics Anonymous
1821 Sacramento Street
San Francisco, CA 94109-3258
(415) 674-1821
email: info@aasfmarin.org
Upcoming Events
Call Marty! A Sober Women’s Event (online)
December 12 @ 10:00 am - 2:00 pm
CNCA 06 Winter Archives Event (online)
December 12 @ 10:00 am - 2:00 pm
The Point Committee Meeting (online)
December 12 @ 12:30 pm
View All Events
24 Hour Helpline
San Francisco
(415) 674-1821
Marin
(415) 499-0400
Intercounty Fellowship of A.A.