https://aasj.org/about/web-policy/
Skip to content
Web Policy
“A vast communications net now covers the earth, even to its remotest reaches… nothing matters more to AA’s future welfare than the manner in which we use the colossus of modern communication. Used unselfishly and well, it can produce results surpassing our present imagination.” Bill W., The AA Grapevine, Inc., November 1960.
Privacy and Security Policy – Statement of Purpose
This is the privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for The South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc., website (the “Site”). The Site is made available by The South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc. (“South Jersey Intergroup” or “us” or “our” or “we”). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to you and your use of the Site. Your use of this Site signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc., values the privacy and security of our Site users. To that end, we take measures to protect your personal information and the security of our Site.
Statement of Purpose
The purpose of this website is to provide general information about Alcoholics Anonymous and about A.A. in the South Jersey Intergroup Association’s service area. The purpose of this information is to facilitate the face-to-face meetings of still suffering alcoholics with those in recovery and to provide information and resources for all alcoholics about Alcoholics Anonymous.
Personal Information
We do not generally ask for or collect personal information from our Site visitors, except when you respond using one of our online forms. Then we ask only for the personal information needed: your name, address, email address, and telephone number. The personal information you provide is used by South Jersey Intergroup for internal business purposes. It is not made available to any third party except to our third party service providers who perform administrative or other services on our behalf or as may be required by law. You should, and we provide you with the opportunity to, update your previously provided personal information, and you may request that we delete such information at any time.
Computer Identification
If you use one of our online forms, we log your computer IP until we verify the form data. Your computer IP is not saved after the data is verified. The IP can be used to identify the online account through which the computer was connected to the Internet.
Cookies
The South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc., uses cookies to track Site usage, and to compile non-personal, aggregate data to improve content and efficiency of use for our website. This information will be used solely to improve our Site and offerings and to better understand our Site users.
Emails
When you request services or products, you may receive emails from us to process your requests or to contact you regarding your order or subscription. When and if you opt-in (as provided on the Site) by telephone or other means to receive email updates or other notices from us, your address will be used for that purpose only or to contact you regarding your participation in user surveys, to ask for feedback with respect to the Site or existing or prospective services. If you wish to be removed from our email list, you can contact us directly through our email address at info@aasj.org or reply to the most recent monthly email and request that your email address be removed.
Third-Party Sites
This website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites. Third party sites may also use tracking technologies by or through the Site. We have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of such third parties. South Jersey Intergroup does not link to third-party sites that are commercial in nature or are not consistent with Alcoholics Anonymous’ Twelve Traditions.
Disclaimer
This web site is neither approved nor endorsed by Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. It is provided solely as a public information tool for the South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc. Committee to display information about Alcoholics Anonymous in Southern New Jersey. Links to other websites neither imply endorsement of, nor affiliation with, those entities.
Some of the information on this site was originally published by A.A. World Services, Inc., or the A.A. Grapevine, Inc., but do not assume that this implies continued approval by the General Service Conference for their use on this site.
Alcoholics Anonymous®, A.A. ®, The Big Book®, and Box 459® are registered trademarks of Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. The Grapevine®, A.A. Grapevine®, Gv®, Box 1980®, and La Viña® are registered trademarks of A.A. Grapevine, Inc.
Your Acceptance of this Policy
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice to you; therefore, Site users are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept any such modifications.
For any inquiries regarding The South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc., Website Privacy Policy, please contact:
Office Manager
South Jersey Intergroup Association, Inc.
PO Box 2514
Cherry Hill, NJ 08034
info@aasj.org
Update Meeting
Meeting Name (required)
Please check all that apply
Indoor MeetingOutdoor MeetingZoom MeetingSuspended
Zoom Meeting Join URL
Zoom Meeting ID
Zoom Meeting password
What is the update? Are you returning to in-person meetings, indoor or outdoor? At a different temporary location such as a park? If you have been having Zoom meetings, are you continuing them too? Some groups are holding one hybrid meeting, where AA's joining the meeting are attending on their phone with others at outside meetings. Other groups are holding one meeting at a location, indoor or outdoor, and then a separate meeting still on Zoom simultaneously. This is your notes area to explain the meeting types selected above. Please provide enough details for the AA trying to find your meeting.
Your Name (required / private use only)
Your Email (required / private use only)
Your Phone (required / private use only)
Think you or a loved one may have a drinking problem?
Speak with someone now