https://aatbs.com/company/aatbs-help-center
Menu
Psychology PsychologyBack to parent Psychology EPPP EPPPBack to parent EPPP EPPP Study Packages EPPP Additional Materials CPLEE CPLEEBack to parent CPLEE CPLEE Study Packages CPLEE Online Programs CPLEE Printed Study Tools CPLEE Workshops Psychology Continuing Education Courses Social Work Social WorkBack to parent Social Work Clinical ClinicalBack to parent Clinical Clinical Social Work Study Packages Masters MastersBack to parent Masters Masters Social Work Study Packages Bachelors BachelorsBack to parent Bachelors Bachelors Social Work Study Packages California Law & Ethics California Law & EthicsBack to parent California Law & Ethics Law & Ethics Study Packages Law & Ethics Online Programs Law & Ethics Printed Study Tools Law & Ethics Workshops Additional Materials Social Work Continuing Education Courses MFT MFTBack to parent MFT National MFT Exam National MFT ExamBack to parent National MFT Exam National MFT Study Packages California Clinical MFT Exam California Clinical MFT ExamBack to parent California Clinical MFT Exam Clinical MFT Study Packages California Law & Ethics California Law & EthicsBack to parent California Law & Ethics Law & Ethics Study Packages Law & Ethics Online Programs Law & Ethics Printed Study Tools Law & Ethics Workshops MFT Continuing Education Courses Additional Materials Counseling CounselingBack to parent Counseling NCE NCEBack to parent NCE NCE Study Packages NCE Additional Materials NCMHCE NCMHCEBack to parent NCMHCE NCMHCE Study Packages NCMHCE Additional Materials California LPCC Law & Ethics California LPCC Law & EthicsBack to parent California LPCC Law & Ethics LPCC Study Packages LPCC Online Programs LPCC Printed Study Tools CPCE CPCEBack to parent CPCE CPCE Study Packages CPCE Online Programs CPCE Printed Study Tools CPCE Workshops AODA AODABack to parent AODA AODA Study Packages AODA Online Programs AODA Printed Study Tools AODA Workshops Counseling Continuing Education Courses Behavior Analysis Behavior AnalysisBack to parent Behavior Analysis Exam Prep Exam PrepBack to parent Exam Prep Packages and Bundles Questions Workshops Continuing Ed Continuing Ed Continuing EdBack to parent Continuing Ed NEW! All Access Pass Licensure Type Licensure TypeBack to parent Licensure Type Psychology Continuing Education Courses Social Work Continuing Education Courses MFT Continuing Education Courses Counseling Continuing Education Courses BCBA CE Courses CE Course Topics CE Course TopicsBack to parent CE Course Topics All CE Topics Adult Therapies CE Alcohol and Drug Abuse CE California Pre-Licensure Courses Chemical Dependency Therapies CE Child Development CE Child Therapies CE Crisis Intervention CE Diagnosis and Treatment CE General Psychotherapy CE Geriatric Issues CE Health Behavior Intervention CE Health Behavior Therapies CE Human Diversity CE Neuropsychology CE Supervision and Prevention Suicide Prevention CE Theory and Practice Treatment of Abuse CE Live CE Courses and Conferences Telehealth and Telemedicine California Laws and Ethics Mental Health CE Courses Family CE Courses Digital and Social Addictions Live CE Courses Live CE CoursesBack to parent Live CE Courses Live Online CE Courses Bundled CE Savings Company CompanyBack to parent Company About Us Contact Us Help Center Partnership PartnershipBack to parent Partnership Program Options Materials and Tools Comprehensive Exam Program Valued Partners Contact Us Privacy Policies Terms & Conditions Blog
Home
Company
Help Center
Help Center
Help Center
How do I find out if this CE course meets the requirements from my board?
Continuing Education licensing requirements vary by jurisdiction. We recommend you contact the applicable state licensing board or accrediting organization for the latest regulations and specific requirements of your state when considering our programs for Continuing Education credit.
How do I find out if a CE course you offer is approved by my board?
You can find this information on the course product page below the description of each course under the section titled Approvals.
How to I determine whether a CE course has materials online or if I have to wait for a book to be mailed to me?
Under the description of each course you will see Course Delivery. If that section shows "Textbook", then a book is shipped for the course. If it shows "Online", then the materials for the course are in PDF form to download and a physical book is not included with the course.
Where are my certificates?
After completing the post test and evaluation for each course, a link to the certificate will become available below the link for the evaluation and you can download the PDF of the certificate. You can also find all of your certificates by going to your profile page and clicking on My Certificates.
Do you offer any destination CE packages?
We do not offer destination CE packages at this time.
I took the live online course - can I take the text only course as well?
Our Live Online CE courses are also available in a self-paced online course format that can be purchased separately on our website or over the phone. A course topic can only be counted once per renewal period.
Where do I put my License number to get credit for my CE courses?
To enter your License number, you will need to log into your account and go to your dashboard. Click on your name at the top right side of the page and choose Profile from the dropdown menu. Click Edit Profile, then scroll down to Other Fields. This is where you will enter the License number. After entering the number, click Update Profile to save the update.
Q: What types of All-Access CE subscriptions are available?
A: We have two plans to choose from.
Monthly plan:
$9.99 per month with a one-time fee of $99 (collected at time of account creation). The one-time fee is only applied to the initial purchase of the monthly subscription. After the first month, it is $9.99 per month for as long as you keep your subscription active.
Annual plan: $199 per year, plan is available for 1-year from time of activation.
Q: What if I want to take Live Online CE courses not in the All-Access library?
A: As part of your subscription, you also get 25% off all Live online CE courses. This discount is automatically applied to your purchases. No discount code needed.
Q: How do I access my All-Access account?
A: The email address and password used at the time of purchasing your All-Access will be used to create your account information. Please use the email and password to sign in to your All-Access account.
If you do not remember your password, please use the ‘Forgot Password’ link in the ‘Sign In’ area to reset your password.
Q: How do I add courses to my All-Access library?
A: Once you are enrolled, you can add courses by visiting the CE area of AATBS.com. Courses that are part of the All-Access collection will show up as $0.00 in your shopping cart when you are logged into your All-Access account.
Q: Why are courses not showing up as $0.00 when I try to add them to my All-Access account?
A: Please sign into your account using the ‘Sign In’ link at the top right of the AATBS.com page. Once successfully logged in, the All-Access courses will show as $0.00.
If you are logged in and still not seeing correct pricing, please ensure that you have used the email address from your All-Access order. You may need to log out and then sign in again for the pricing to update.
Q: What happens to my certificates if I end my subscription?
A: Your completed course certificates will be available in your account even if your subscription has ended. Your account will remain active and can renew your CE All-Access subscription at any time.
Q: Can I add multiple courses to my All-Access library at one time?
A: Yes, you can add multiple courses to your library for study; however, CE credit is only awarded for completed courses.
Q: My access expired; how can I renew my subscription?
A: If your annual or monthly subscription expired within the last 30 days, please contact AATBS customer support for assistance in reinstating your subscription.
How do I schedule a coaching session?
You can schedule your first coaching session by contacting our Customer Service team at 1-800-472-1931 Option 2 . After your first session, your coach will provide you with information on how to schedule future sessions.
What is a coaching session like?
Your first coaching session will generally be spent building a solid study plan. Subsequent coaching sessions can be utlized to discuss specific topics with which you are struggling, review practice exam scores, or discuss test taking strategies.
What is the difference between coaching and tutoring?
Tutors generally provide individual teaching instruction. While our coaches do provide individual assistance, the difference is that our coaches are licensed professionals who understand and can help manage the challenges associated with successfully completing the licensing exam. This assistance is offered in the forms of study planning, text anxiety solutions, and content clarification, rather than through teaching instruction.
How many sessions do I get?
The number of coaching sessions included with One-on-One Coaching can vary depending on the package purchased and on the exam for which you are studying.
For the EPPP, 8 coaching sessions are included. One-on-One Coaching for Social Work, MFT, Counseling, and CPLEE includes 4 sessions.
Can I purchase more sessions if I run out?
Yes, you can purchase additional coaching.
You can find this on AATBS.com by searching for One-on-One coaching and selecting the coaching for your specific licensure exam.
Can I pick my coach?
You can request a specific coach and we will do our best to schedule you with that coach, however this will depend on the coach's availability and on the licensure for which you are studying.
I require special accommodations in regards to my testing and studying.
Can a coach still help me?
Yes, our coaches can still assist you. Please let us know that you require special accommodations when scheduling your coaching appointment and we will schedule you with a coach who can help you.
What is the benefit of purchasing coaching?
Our coaches are licensed professionals and are specially trained in effective preparation techniques and on the demands of the licensing exam.
Our coaches know the materials and skills required to pass the exam. Coaches can help you organize a study plan, keep you accountable and motivated during your studying, and provide tips and skills to reduce test anxiety.
What do I need to do before my coaching session?
Before your first coaching session you will need to complete the Assessment Exam as your coach will review the Assessment Exam results and use these results to help you build a study plan. If you do not have an Assessment exam in your package, take one of the Testmaster exams in Study Mode or Casepro simulations before your coaching session.
If I need to cancel a coaching session, how do I go about that?
If you need to cancel a coaching session, please contact our office by calling 1-800-472-1931 Option 2.
Will my coach answer my specific questions?
Yes, your coach will answer your specific questions regarding study material content, the licensure exam, and your study plan.
I didn’t get a coaching call, what do I do?
If you did not receive a call from your coach at your scheduled session start time, please contact our office by calling 1-800-472-1931 Option 2 and we will help you reschedule the session.
How long does it take to get a coaching session?
While the availability of coaching sessions varies greatly, our general recommendation is to schedule your first session 1-2 weeks in advance. Subsequent sessions can be scheduled with your coach based on their availability.
My school/employer purchased a package for me. How do I access it?
To access an account set up by a school/employer, please send an email to info@aatbs.com and we will be happy to direct you to the correct login page and answer any questions regarding the materials that were purchased for you.
I'm not receiving the password reset email.
Unfortunately, at times, emails can get accidentally marked as "junk" by your email program. Please check your spam, junk, or promotions folders for an email from Customer Support.
When I create a password, does it need to have a special character? What are the password requirements?
Your password must be at least 8 characters in length. You can re-use a previously used password.
I signed in and it keeps asking me to purchase again. How do I find my courses?
If you are not able to access your exam prep materials or courses, please contact our Customer Service team at 800-472-1931 Option 2 for assistance.
The view button isn't working. How do I get to my dashboard?
Be sure to click on the blue hyperlink that says View. This link can be found to the right of any of your course or exam prep material titles on the My Courses tab in your account.
What's a dashboard?
Your dashboard is the main landing page in Moodle that you will see after clicking the the blue hyperlink View button on your My Courses tab. The dashboard will display all of the courses or exam prep materials in which you are currently enrolled.
I'm getting an error that reads, "There has been an error processing your request" How do I fix this?
If you receive this error message when attempting to view your courses,
please contact our Customer Service team at 800-472-1931 Option 2 for assistance.
Why does it say my account has been disabled?
This message is usually an indicator that the system does not recognize your login credentials. Please double check your email address and password. If you are still unable to access your account, we recommend that you follow the 'Forgot Your Password' link that can be found on the login page to reset your password.
Why won't the site accept my password?
This is often because the password being entered is incorrect.
You can reset your password by clicking on the "Forgot Your Password" button on the login page.
Where do I find my expiration date?
Expiration dates are located on the course level of your online program. To locate the date, log in to your account on AATBS.com and go to “My Courses”. Select the course you want to know the expiration date for and continue into your learning program. On the right-hand side of your course, you will see an enrollment tracker feature that counts down the number of days you have remaining in the course.
How do I use the program I just bought?
If your package includes an assessment exam, start by completing that exam to get an overview of your strengths and weaknesses. If your package included coaching or you purchased add-on coaching, contact our Customer Support team to schedule your first session. If not, you should start working through your study volumes in conjunction with taking Test Master exams in Study Mode. Other materials can be supplemented where needed as you prepare for your exam. As you near your exam date, you should be completing exams in Test Master Test Mode exclusively.
I just purchased a package with multiple products. Where do I even begin?
If your package includes an assessment exam, start by completing that exam to get an overview of your strengths and weaknesses. If your package included coaching or you purchased add-on coaching, contact our Customer Support team to schedule your first session. If not, you should start working through your study volumes in conjunction with taking Test Master exams in Study Mode. Other materials can be supplemented where needed as you prepare for your exam. As you near your exam date, you should be completing exams in Test Master Test Mode exclusively.
How do I find out more about your products and courses?
Our Education Coordinators would be happy to go over our products with you and answer your questions.
The coordinators can be reached by calling 1-800-472-1931 Option 1.
I purchased a program X amount of years ago.
Can I still access it?
We would be happy to look into this for you.
Please call our office at 1-800-472-1931 Option 2.
Can the audio lectures be downloaded?
While the audio lectures cannot be downloaded, you can stream the audio lectures on a mobile device or computer through a browser.
When does my subscription begin?
Your program will begin at the time of purchase. You can request a complimentary hold on online program purchases up to one (1) year from original purchase date. You will need to contact customer service to request this. After the hold period, the program will activate automatically.
What if I have a content question and I don’t have coaching - who can I ask?
For these questions, please contact our Customer Service team at info@aatbs.com. If the quesiton is regarding a specific question on an exam or quiz, please include the question number, full question, and the name and number of the exam, quiz, or simulation in which that question can be located.
Can I see my exams if my materials have expired?
No. You will only have access to the exams previously taken if your account is active. They are not available if the access has expired.
Can flashcards be printed?
Online flashcards are available online only and are not able to be printed. We do have printed flashcards available for purchase.
How do I buy an extension for my online materials?
Extensions are available within your courses in your online learning program. To locate the extension option, log in to your account on AATBS.com and go to “My Courses”. Select the course you want to extend and continue into your learning program. In the course, there will be an extension option on the right-hand side of your screen. When you click on the extension option, you will be taken to a page to finish the extension purchase.
Do I have to buy a whole package or bundle or can I buy just Test Master?
Test Master can be purchased individually.
You can find Test Master sold individually under the "Additional Materials" menus within each exam category on AATBS.com
How many quizzes are included with the Exams and Quizzes bundle?
There are three one-time exams included with the Exams and Quizzes bundle - one Assessment Exam and two Final Exams.
How do I find out more about your products and courses?
Our Education Coordinators would be happy to go over our products with you and answer your questions.
The coordinators can be reached by calling 1-800-472-1931 Option 1. If you would like to talk with one of our CE Specialists regarding CE Courses, the specialists can be reached by calling 1-800-472-1931 Option 3.
How do your programs work? Is the program a single purchase or a subscription?
Our online study materials come with a fixed access period and the length of this access period can be found on the product or package page.
While we do not offer an auto-renewal program, we do offer extension pricing for extensions of online materials.
What is an Educational Coordinator and how are they different from customer service?
Our Education Coordinators are available to go over products and pricing with you when you are considering purchasing or are ready to purchase.
Our Customer Service Specialists are available to go over your questions and concerns regarding products that you have already purchased.
Do I have to have an account to purchase something simple on your website?
Yes. In order to purchase any of our products, you will need to create an account. You can do this by adding a product to the shopping cart and clicking "Proceed to Checkout". You will then have the option to click on "Create a New Account".
Can I request my invoices from my past orders be sent to me?
Yes. Please contact our Customer Service team at info@aatbs.com and we can provide you with your invoice or receipt.
How long until my order ships?
All orders are shipped on the next business day following your purchase date.
My package was supposed to arrive in 3-5 days and it's not here yet. What do I do?
You should receive an email with tracking information by the evening of the next business day after your order is placed. If you cannot locate your tracking information or if you have any other concerns regarding your order,
please contact our Customer Service team at 1-800-472-1931 Option 2.
What if my package arrives damaged?
If your package arrives damaged please contact our Customer Service team at info@aatbs.com.
What is your return policy?
You can find the details of our return policy here: https://aatbs.com/company/terms-and-conditions
Do you ship on holidays?
Our shipping department is closed on the holidays listed on our Contact Us page and that list can be found here: https://aatbs.com/company/contact-us Orders will not be shipped on those holidays.
Which shipping carrier do you use?
We ship our materials via both USPS and UPS.
I haven't recieved any information about my package. How do I get a tracking number?
After your purchase is shipped, you will receive an email with tracking information. If you did not receive the tracking information, please email our Customer Service department at info@aatbs.com and we will send you the tracking information.
I don't see my materials in my account. What do I do?
If you had previously purchaed exam prep materials, your access to those materials may have expired. Please contact us at 1-800-472-1931, option 1, to extend your access.
How do I reset my password?
On the log in page, you will find a "Forgot Your Password?" button.
This can be found below the Email and Password fields.
Click that button to confirm your email address and receive an emailed link to set a new password. Be sure to check your junk, spam, or promotions folders if you do not see the email in your primary inbox.
How do I register a new account?
Once you have added a product to the shopping cart and select Proceed to Checkout, you will then have the option to Create a New Account.
How can I change my e-mail address?
Once you have logged in to your account, select the My Account tab in the menu to the left. Under Contact Information, click Edit to locate the option to change your email address.
What is Moodle?
Moodle is the name of the system that houses all exam prep programs purchased after July 19, 2019 and continuing education courses purchased after December 20, 2018.
What is Legacy?
Legacy is the name of the system that houses all exam prep programs purchased prior to July 19, 2019 and continuing education courses purchased prior to December 20, 2018.
Where do I log in?
This will depend on when you purchased your materials. Start by accessing the login page here: https://aatbs.com/customer/account/login/
If you purchased exam prep materials after July 19, 2019, please use the login fields to the left for Purchases AFTER. If you purchased before July 19, 2019, please use one of the login options to the right for Purchases BEFORE and then select the correct login according to whether you purchased exam prep materials or continuing education courses.
Are you open on the weekends if I can't get logged in?
Yes! Our customer service team is available from 8am to 12pm PT on Saturdays. We are closed on Sundays.
I'm signed in the new system and don't see my continuing education courses or completed exams after upgrading my account
If you have completed CE courses or exams in our Legacy system, that history will not transfer over to the new system. To access previously completed CE courses, you will need to log in to our Legacy system here: https://legacy.aatbs.com/ce/login.asp
If you previously completed exams in the Legacy system, they will only be available if you have an active account in Legacy and can be accessed here:
https://legacy.aatbs.com/OnlineExams/login.asp If your account has expired in Legacy, you will not have access to the previously completed exams. Please contact our Customer Support team at (800) 472-1931, option 2, if you have any additional questions.
How do I access the workshop or webinar?
Please access your online account by signing in at the following url: https://aatbs.com/customer/account/login/ Once logged in select the blue View hyperlink in the My Courses tab. This will bring you to your dashboard where you can register for your workshop or webinar to receive a Zoom Meeting link by email or you can join your session directly from your account within half an hour of your live session start time.
My course starts soon and I can’t get logged in.
How do I proceed?
You can follow the 'Forgot your Password' link that can be found on the login page at https://aatbs.com/customer/account/login/ to reset your password or simply contact our Customer Support team at (800) 472-1931, option 2 for assistance.
Do I need to sign in before my course starts?
Yes, you should sign in before your course starts to ensure you can access any workshop handouts and register for the course ahead of time to receive an emailed link to the Zoom Meeting.
What if I’m in Eastern Time? Why isn’t my course starting?
All of the times listed for workshops and webinars are in Pacific time. If you are in Mountain time, add 1 hour to the starting time listed. If you are in Central time, add 2 hours to the starting time listed. If you are in Eastern time add 3 hours to the starting time listed.
I have questions after the workshop - how do I contact my instructor?
If you have content questions after your workshop and you have One-on-One coaching, your coach can assist you with those questions. If you do not have coaching and have questions after the workshop, please contact our Customer Service at info@aatbs.com.
Can I request this instructor as a coach?
This will depend on who the instructor of your workshop is as not all of our instructors are also coaches. You can contact us and request a specific coach and we will do our best to schedule you with that coach, however this will depend on the coach's availability and on the licensure for which you are studying.
If I miss a workshop, what is the policy and can I be transferred to another workshop?
If you miss a workshop, please contact us as soon as possible and as a one-time courtesy we can transfer you into the next workshop session date. Please contact our Customer Service team as soon as possible at info@aatbs.com to go over your options.
Do I have to download Zoom for the workshop/webinar?
Yes, the Zoom software does need to be downloaded in order to access live online workshops and webinars.
You can download this software before joining the workshop or webinar at https://zoom.us or you will be prompted to download the software the first time you join the workshop or webinar session through Zoom Meeting.
Continuing Education
All Access Pass
Coaching
Institutional
Login
Product Support
Purchase Inquiries
Shipping
Tech Support
Workshop
Sign In
Psychology PsychologyBack to parent Psychology EPPP EPPPBack to parent EPPP EPPP Study Packages EPPP Additional Materials CPLEE CPLEEBack to parent CPLEE CPLEE Study Packages CPLEE Online Programs CPLEE Printed Study Tools CPLEE Workshops Psychology Continuing Education Courses Social Work Social WorkBack to parent Social Work Clinical ClinicalBack to parent Clinical Clinical Social Work Study Packages Masters MastersBack to parent Masters Masters Social Work Study Packages Bachelors BachelorsBack to parent Bachelors Bachelors Social Work Study Packages California Law & Ethics California Law & EthicsBack to parent California Law & Ethics Law & Ethics Study Packages Law & Ethics Online Programs Law & Ethics Printed Study Tools Law & Ethics Workshops Additional Materials Social Work Continuing Education Courses MFT MFTBack to parent MFT National MFT Exam National MFT ExamBack to parent National MFT Exam National MFT Study Packages California Clinical MFT Exam California Clinical MFT ExamBack to parent California Clinical MFT Exam Clinical MFT Study Packages California Law & Ethics California Law & EthicsBack to parent California Law & Ethics Law & Ethics Study Packages Law & Ethics Online Programs Law & Ethics Printed Study Tools Law & Ethics Workshops MFT Continuing Education Courses Additional Materials Counseling CounselingBack to parent Counseling NCE NCEBack to parent NCE NCE Study Packages NCE Additional Materials NCMHCE NCMHCEBack to parent NCMHCE NCMHCE Study Packages NCMHCE Additional Materials California LPCC Law & Ethics California LPCC Law & EthicsBack to parent California LPCC Law & Ethics LPCC Study Packages LPCC Online Programs LPCC Printed Study Tools CPCE CPCEBack to parent CPCE CPCE Study Packages CPCE Online Programs CPCE Printed Study Tools CPCE Workshops AODA AODABack to parent AODA AODA Study Packages AODA Online Programs AODA Printed Study Tools AODA Workshops Counseling Continuing Education Courses Behavior Analysis Behavior AnalysisBack to parent Behavior Analysis Exam Prep Exam PrepBack to parent Exam Prep Packages and Bundles Questions Workshops Continuing Ed Continuing Ed Continuing EdBack to parent Continuing Ed NEW! All Access Pass Licensure Type Licensure TypeBack to parent Licensure Type Psychology Continuing Education Courses Social Work Continuing Education Courses MFT Continuing Education Courses Counseling Continuing Education Courses BCBA CE Courses CE Course Topics CE Course TopicsBack to parent CE Course Topics All CE Topics Adult Therapies CE Alcohol and Drug Abuse CE California Pre-Licensure Courses Chemical Dependency Therapies CE Child Development CE Child Therapies CE Crisis Intervention CE Diagnosis and Treatment CE General Psychotherapy CE Geriatric Issues CE Health Behavior Intervention CE Health Behavior Therapies CE Human Diversity CE Neuropsychology CE Supervision and Prevention Suicide Prevention CE Theory and Practice Treatment of Abuse CE Live CE Courses and Conferences Telehealth and Telemedicine California Laws and Ethics Mental Health CE Courses Family CE Courses Digital and Social Addictions Live CE Courses Live CE CoursesBack to parent Live CE Courses Live Online CE Courses Bundled CE Savings Company CompanyBack to parent Company About Us Contact Us Help Center Partnership PartnershipBack to parent Partnership Program Options Materials and Tools Comprehensive Exam Program Valued Partners Contact Us Privacy Policies Terms & Conditions Blog