https://abortionclinics.com/privacy-policy/
Abortion Clinics Online (AbortionClinics.com) Privacy Policy
Our website address is https://www.abortionclinics.com
Effective Date: May 23, 2018
This Privacy Policy applies to the AbortionClinics.com, owned and operated websites and its sub-domains (“Sites”). AbortionClinics.com (“AbortionClinics.com”, “we”, or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by AbortionClinics.com when you access the Site and AbortionClinics.com Service (including through the websites of our partners), how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms. The use of information collected through our Site shall be limited to the purposes under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service to customers.
Information We Collect on Our Own Behalf.
(a) Our ServiceWe may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number, email address, or similar, when you register for an account. If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information. When you use the AbortionClinics.com Service or if you visit our websites, we may receive certain information about you as described below. We do not send any promotional emails; however, we may send you service related emails related to your account. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out of them by canceling your account.
(b) Cookies And Tracking TechnologiesTechnologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by AbortionClinics.com. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Sites, tracking your movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We use cookies to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. This website uses AbortionClinics.com, an analytics tool by AbortionClinics.com to track user activity, page content, click/touch, movement, scroll, and keystroke activity (in some cases). If you are located in Europe, your IP address, keystroke activity, and personal information are never stored or shared with any third-parties. We process and keep all data for our own website within the United States and, if you wish to opt-out from tracking by AbortionClinics.com, you can do by contacting us.
We also use Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google AdWords (Conversion Tracking). Some or all of these tools may be used to track information about your behavior on our website depending on your region. For more information or to opt-out, please visit the respective website(s) of these vendors or contact us at info@AbortionClinics.com.
Information We Collect on Behalf of Our Customers.
(a) Our Service. We collect data on behalf of our customers who advertise on AbortionClinics.com. When you visit AbortionClinics.com, we may receive certain information about your behavior including search activity, page content, click/touch, movement, scroll, and keystroke activity (in some cases). If you are located in Europe, your IP address, keystroke activity, and personal information are never stored or shared with any third-parties.
(b) Information Related To Data CollectedFor Our Customers: AbortionClinics.com collects information under the direction of its customers, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose data it may process.
We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide our services. AbortionClinics.com will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
How We Use Your Information.
(a) We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our Sites and the AbortionClinics.com Service.
(b) We use the information that we collect to help our customers improve their online advertising.
How We Share Your Information.
(a) Personally Identifiable InformationAbortionClinics.com will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of AbortionClinics.com (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
(b) Non-Personally IdentifiableInformation: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain AbortionClinics.com services and those of our partners.
(c) Instances Where We Are Required ToShare Your Information: AbortionClinics.com will disclose your information where required to do so by law, if subject to subpoena or other legal proceeding or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AbortionClinics.com, our users or others.
(d) What Happens In The Event Of A ChangeOf Control: We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, and other User information related to the AbortionClinics.com Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Storage and Processing. Your information collected through the AbortionClinics.com Service is not stored or processed in the United States, Europe, or any other country.
How We Protect Your Information. AbortionClinics.com is concerned with protecting your privacy and data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to AbortionClinics.com or guarantee that your information on the AbortionClinics.com Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. When you enter sensitive information (such as log in credentials) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at info@AbortionClinics.com. We use an outside help platform, and a credit card processing company to bill you if you purchase services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. Compromise of Personal Information. In the event that personal information is compromised as a breach of security, AbortionClinics.com will promptly notify our customers in compliance with applicable law.
Our Retention Of Your Information.
(a) If you are a visitor to the AbortionClinics.com site we will retain your information for as long as necessary but no longer than one (1) year after your last visit to our site.
Children’s Privacy. Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, AbortionClinics.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
Notification Procedures. It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Service, as determined by AbortionClinics.com in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Web Sites. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the AbortionClinics.com Service or Sites, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the AbortionClinics.com Service or Sites to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
Social Media Widgets. Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and other widgets that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the organization providing it.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy. All changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please send mail to:
Abortion Clinics Online2451 Cumberland Parkway, Suite 3506Atlanta, GA  30339Office: 770-434-5957Fax: 770-434-5954E-Mail: info@abortionclinics.com
We are a member and partner of National Abortion Federation (NAF) and Abortion Care Network (ACN).
Tweets by AbortionClinics
How Long Can I Wait to Get an Abortion?
Abortion Clinics Online in Ms. Magazine
Can Birth Control Pills Cause an Abortion?
10 Results of Restrictive Abortion Laws
Opposed to abortion justify Biden vote
What if Roe v. Wade is Overturned?
Can doctor tell if I’ve had an abortion?
Is the Abortion Pill and Morning After Pill the Same?
Abortion is Common: 10 Abortion Stats You Probably Don’t Know
Is Telemedicine Abortion Safe?
Should I Have an Abortion?
How Long Does an Abortion Take?
You're Not Pro-Life if You Don't Wear a Mask: The Many Risks COVID Poses to Babies
Iowa Abortion Rate Rises After Defunding Planned Parenthood
5 Things You Can Do Right Now to Help Flip the Senate
So you say you're 'pro-life,' huh? Yeah, I don't think so
How You Vote is How You Treat People. There's Only One Ethical Choice on Tuesday.
10 Tragic Consequences of Restrictive Abortion Laws