https://acpa-cpf.org/privacy-policy/
American Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Association (ACPA) is providing you with information about our privacy practices in this Privacy Policy. This applies to the use of all portions of www.acpa-cpf.org.
ACPA does not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable patient information on its website. You should not post any material in any area of our website that could be used to identify a patient. If ACPA learn that personal information of a patient has been collected, steps will be taken to delete the information as soon as possible.
By using this site, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy for the purposes set out below. ACPA does not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified below, except with your consent or as required by law.
Use of Information
ACPA may collect certain standard, non-personally identifiable information that your browser normally provides when you request to view a page from a web server. ACPA uses this information enable certain functions of the site, to provide analytics and to store preferences. ACPA may provide this aggregate information to reputable third-party vendors.  Portions of the ACPA website may use cookies only for security and authentication purposes. This information is used solely to maintain your computer’s session to the ACPA web server. This information is not shared or sold to third party organizations for any purpose.
ACPA uses both session and persistent cookies and uses different types of cookies to run the site. ACPA may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.  If you would like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly. By using this website, you consent to ACPA’s use of cookies.
Personal information, such as your name, personal postal and email address, or personal telephone number is collected only when you voluntarily provide it. The ACPA website may include the option to make purchases, donations or register for events. To process these transactions, ACPA may collect personal information or direct to you to third-party service providers. If ACPA collects personal information, ACPA may share your personal information with agents, contractors, service providers or third parties so that they can provide support services, such as mailing, program management or IT support. By providing personal information, you consent to ACPA providing your personal information to third parties. You agree that ACPA is not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions.
Personal information you provide to ACPA may also be forwarded to the person or department equipped to handle your request and be used to respond to your inquiry. Personal mailing addresses of current ACPA members and team members may be sold per the ACPA mailing list policy. Personal email addresses of current ACPA members and team members are only sold to members for survey purposes per the ACPA mailing list policy. To view a copy of the ACPA mailing list policy, email us. Members can email us to remove their email from the list sales.
If you have voluntarily provided personally identifiable information, ACPA may, from time to time, send mail or e-mail to you regarding products and services. If you do not want to receive such offers and mailings, you can easily indicate that by following the instructions on the correspondence or email us.
Policy Revisions
Any changes to the ACPA’s privacy policy will be promptly communicated on this website. Policy changes will not alter how ACPA handles previously submitted personal information.
If you have any questions about the ACPA privacy policies or wish to update any of the personal information you have provided, email us. The last date this Privacy Policy was revised is set forth below.
Last Update: September 5, 2019.
Type and Press “enter” to Search
ACPA uses cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to analyze our website traffic and to understand where our visitors are coming from. By browsing this website, you consent to ACPA’s use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Read the policy that was updated on September 5, 2019. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.