https://addconsults.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome
/
Privacy Policy
Effective December 9, 2000
Table Of Contents
Our Commitment To Privacy
Our Commitment to Confidentiality
The Information We Collect
The Way We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
Notification of Changes
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Our Commitment to Confidentiality
We respect your right to confidentiality, and promise to safeguard any medical information you provide to us. ADD Consults will never release any personally identifiable medical or other information that you have disclosed to us, unless we have received express informed consent.
The Information We Collect
Terry Matlen, M.S.W., A.C.S.W. d/b/a ADD Consults is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this Web site. On some pages, you can order services or products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information that may be collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Medical information (including your age and gender), if necessary
The ADD Consults Web site contains links to other Web sites—including product recommendations in the ADD Store and through our affiliate relationships with other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our Web site if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our Web site will not be used for this purpose unless you specifically join the ADD Consults mailing list. You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time by sending a blank e-mail to unsubscribe@addconsults.com.
Cookies—small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive—enable us to track and target your interests to enhance your experience on our Web site. We may also use cookies to remember information you gave us so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit the site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable medical or other information while on our site.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web site and to share with advertisers and business partners. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our consultation form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
ADDconsults.com/QueensOfDistraction.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and other affiliate programs.
Full Disclosure: At times, Terry posts products and services as an affiliate (mainly Amazon) to help pay for the occasional chocolate cupcake when she is having a bad day.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending an e-mail to terry@addconsults.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please send us an email at terry@addconsults.com.
Don't Miss Out!
Subscribe absolutely free and be the first to get notified on new blog posts and announcements PLUS a free tip sheet for women with ADHD when you subscribe.
Close this module
Don't miss out!Subscribe absolutely free and be the first to get notified on new blog posts and announcements. You'll also receive a free tip sheet for women with ADHD. First NameJohnLast NameSmithYour emailjohnsmith@example.comSubmit
Privacy Settings
We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. If you are using our Services via a browser you can restrict, block or remove cookies through your web browser settings. We also use content and scripts from third parties that may use tracking technologies. You can selectively provide your consent below to allow such third party embeds. For complete information about the cookies we use, data we collect and how we process them, please check our Privacy Policy
Youtube
Consent to display content from Youtube
Vimeo
Consent to display content from Vimeo
Google Maps
Consent to display content from Google
Save
We use cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. To learn more about the cookies we use and the data we collect, please check our Privacy Settings.
I Accept
Terms & Conditions for Queens of Distraction Group
Please read before completing order:
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
I agree to pay The Queens of Distraction for a 6 month recurring subscription. After payment is received, I will be given access to the exclusive, private Queens of Distraction Facebook group via a personal invitation sent by email.
I acknowledge that it can take up to 24 hours to receive my invitation to gain full access to the group and will do my best to be patient. However, if more than 24 hours passes, I will check my spam folder. If I still don’t see the invitation, I will email support@queensofdistraction.com.  My membership will begin when I have full access to the group.
I understand that this is a recurring subscription so that I don’t have to deal with remembering to renew, or deal with a ton of email reminders from the Queens of Distraction. I will receive notification 7-10 days before my credit card or Paypal account will be charged.  If I do not choose to renew, I can simply cancel by contacting support@queensofdistraction.com prior to renewal.
I also understand I have 7 days from the time of payment to cancel my membership by emailing support@queensofdistraction.com
Refunds after that will not be issued under any circumstances.  Refunds may be subject to a $25.00 administration fee.
I understand that I can choose to use my current Facebook account to join the Queens of Distraction, or I can open a separate Facebook account and use an alias or nickname if I’d prefer to keep my name private.
Please note that although this is a private/secret Facebook page that cannot be searched by Google or other search engines, and which cannot be accessed by non-members, we cannot 100% guarantee privacy if Facebook should change its privacy policies. For more information on Facebook’s secret group policies, see https://www.facebook.com/help/www/220336891328465
** I agree not to discuss names or discussions that can identify any Queens of Distraction outside of the group.
DISCLAIMER: The Queens of Distraction group is designed for coaching and educational purposes only and does not render medical advice or professional services. The information provided here should not be used for the purposes of diagnosing or treating a medical or psychiatric illness.  It is not intended to be a substitute for professional care. If you have or suspect you may have a health or psychiatric problem, you should consult your health care provider or call 911 if you are in a medical or psychiatric crisis.
Terry Matlen, addconsults.com, The Queens Of Distraction program and any of its contractors and employees cannot be held responsible for the use of the information provided. The views discussed in the group are not necessarily endorsed or supported by Terry Matlen and should not be considered as medical advice.
×