http://adpa.com.au/terms
Promoting excellence in dental prosthetics
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
This site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by the Australian Dental Prosthetists Association, or in the case of some material, a third party. The site function and operation copyright is owned by Advanced Solutions International.
You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
This site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited.
Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are Trademarks of their respective owners.
Disclaimer
You agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on "as is" basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current.
The Australian Dental Prosthetists Association makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws.
Neither the Australian Dental Prosthetists Association, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information.
Viruses
The Australian Dental Prosthetists Association cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release the Australian Dental Prosthetists Association entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use.
Third Party Sites
This site may contain links to third party sites. The Australian Dental Prosthetists Association is not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under the Australian Dental Prosthetists Association control. You access those sites and/or use the site's products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or impliedly, an endorsement by the Australian Dental Prosthetists Association of the sites or the products or services provided on the site. The
Australian Dental Prosthetists Association does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission.
Privacy
The Australian Dental Prosthetists Association highly values the strong relationship we have with our members. The collection of data at the Australian Dental Prosthetists Association is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our members. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. The Australian Dental Prosthetists Association does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our members to third parties.
This site uses a feature of your web browser known as "cookies" to store information and identify you to the system while your on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies.
Member login
Login now
Forgot your password?