https://adrianrmedina.com/contact-adrian/privacy-policy/
(408) 582-2121
Contact Adrian
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 11October2014
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, ADRIAN MEDINA MFT collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Adrian Medina MFT’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Adrian Medina MFT’s visitors use its website. From time to time, ADRIAN MEDINA MFT may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  ADRIAN MEDINA MFT also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. ADRIAN MEDINA MFT does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to ADRIAN MEDINA MFT’S website choose to interact with ADRIAN MEDINA MFT in ways that require ADRIAN MEDINA MFT to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that ADRIAN MEDINA MFT gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, ADRIAN MEDINA MFT collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with ADRIAN MEDINA MFT. ADRIAN MEDINA MFT does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Aggregated Statistics
ADRIAN MEDINA MFT may collect and distribute statistics about the behavior of visitors to other organizations or individuals. However, ADRIAN MEDINA MFT does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only authorized employees, contractors or affiliate organizations that need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally-identifiable information or potentially personally-identifiable information, and have agreed not to disclose it to others. By using ADRIAN MEDINA MFT’S ’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.  ADRIAN MEDINA MFT will not rent or sell potentially-identifying information or personally-identifying information to anyone.  Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, ADRIAN MEDINA MFT discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when ADRIAN MEDINA MFT believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of ADRIAN MEDINA, third parties, or the public at large.  ADRIAN MEDINA MFT takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personal-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. ADRIAN MEDINA MFT uses cookies to help ADRIAN MEDINA MFT identify and track visitors, their usage of ADRIAN MEDINA MFT’S website, and their website access preferences. Some of Adrian Medina MFT’s partners or website software vendors may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers and sponsors).  However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.  ADRIAN MEDINA MFT’S visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Adrian Medina MFT’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Adrian Medina MFT’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Changes To Privacy Policy
Although most changes are likely to be minor, ADRIAN MEDINA MFT may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and with Adrian Medina MFT’s sole discretion. ADRIAN MEDINA MFT encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (408)582-2121or via the form in the right-hand margin.
Call me at
(408) 582-2121
Or...
Fill out our Form
(* means required information)
*Name
*Email
Please leave this field empty.
City
Phone Number
How can I help?