https://adultchildren.org/privacy/
Home
Newcomer
Am I an Adult Child
Emotional Sobriety
Family Types
Non-Alcoholic Home
Becoming Your Own Loving Parent
Step One
ACA Serenity Prayer
Meetings
Find a Meeting
Meeting Resources
Update or Verify Meeting
Register a New Meeting
Meeting Map Search
Telephone meetings
Online Meetings
Meeting Format
Intergroups/Regions
Intergroup listing
Register a new Intergroup
Update Intergroup or Region Information
Regions Listing
Register a new Region
Literature
Free Literature – English and Translated
Buy Literature
Aca Is
Comline
Problem
Solution
Laundry List
Steps
Traditions
Promises
Concepts for World Service
Guidelines for H&I Meetings
Literature Translations
Daily Meditation
ACA Serenity Prayer
Literature in Production
Contribute
7th Tradition Contribution
Contribute Your Time
Resources
Repository / Service Website
Find a Meeting
Phone Meeting
Skype Meeting
Internet Meeting
Literature
Service
Sponsorship Fellow Traveler
Step Studies
ACA Teen
Meeting Format
Business Meetings
Meeting Issues
Register Meeting
Make Meeting Changes
Physical and Trauma
PTSD
Inner Child and Loving Parent
Therapy and Counselors
Global Fellowship
WSO
Regions
Donate
Public Awareness
Conventions and Conferences and Speakers
WSO
Service Website – Repository
Volunteer Sign up
European Committee
Monthly ACA WSO Board Meeting
Shop
Contact Us
FAQ
Subscribe
Send us an Email
Fellowship News
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AdultChildren.org serves the worldwide fellowship of Adult Children of Alcoholics. Except where otherwise noted in our Meeting Directory, personal contact data is not shared with anyone outside the ACA World Service Organization.
The Meeting Directory requires that every registered ACA meeting contain a public contact, and that person’s phone and/or email information is available to all site visitors. Primary and Secondary WSO contact information is only for internal WSO use and enables WSO to send information to registered meetings and to ensure only the authorized users can make changes to meeting information. Public and private meeting information may be changed by the primary contact person at any time. If you encounter trouble, please contact Meetings@acawso.com.
Newsletter signups are voluntary and enable you to receive ACA newsletters.  We use Mailchimp as our email distribution platform. You can learn more about Mailchimp’s privacy practices here.  This contact information is not shared outside ACA WSO for any purpose.
To better serve visitors, www.AdultChildren.org  uses Google analytics. To learn more, see Google Analytics’ terms of service. (link: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html).
Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume that you are happy with it. You can use your browser to remove the site’s cookies and most functions on the website will continue to operate. You can use the Contact Us form to notify us of any issues.
Contact Us
You can send us any questions regarding our privacy policy via the Contact Us form on the site.