https://aestheticdaysurgery.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
14 Kensington St, Kogarah 2217 NSW
02 9553 9905
CONTACT US
Search for:
Important Information Novel Corona Virus (COVID-19) - Click here to find out more.
You are here: Home / Website Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 12, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use this website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the website. By using the website, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You means the individual accessing or using the website, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the website, as applicable.
Company (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Aesthetic Day Surgery, aestheticdaysurgery.com.au.
Website refers to Aesthetic Day Surgery, accessible from aestheticdaysurgery.com.auService refers to the Website.Country refers to: New South Wales, AustraliaService Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberUsage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and CookiesWe use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse Our Service. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication.To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligationProtect and defend the rights or property of the CompanyPrevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceProtect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the publicProtect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By visiting the contact us page on our website: https://aestheticdaysurgery.com.au/contact-us/By phone number: 02 9553 9924By mail: 14 Kensington Street, Kogarah 2217 NSW
Primary Sidebar Send us a message
Footer Widget HeaderPATIENTS & CARERS
Patient Admission Guide
Discharge & Pick Up
After Hours Pharmacies
Post Surgery Instructions
Patient Health and Safety
Information for Consumers
Consumer Feedback
FAQs
PROCEDURES
Ear Correction
Blepharoplasty
Breast Augmentation
Breast Reduction
Breast Uplift
Facelift (Meloplasty)
Liposuction
Rhinoplasty
Skin Cancer Surgery
Abdominoplasty
Labioplasty
Gynaecomastia
PLASTIC SURGEONS
Dr Darrell Perkins
A/Prof Damian Marucci
Dr Adrian Sjarif
Dr Kelly Thornbury
Dr Adrian Knox
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Footer CONTACT US
02 9553 9905
14 Kensington St, Kogarah 2217 NSW
(click here for directions)
AESTHETIC DAY SURGERY © 2020