http://ahckids.org/foundation/boring-stuff/privacy-policy/
Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood Foundation
Menu
Home
About AHC
What is AHC
AHCF Can Help
Genetic Testing for AHC
Medication
What AHC Looks Like
Patient Care
Family Care
ABLE Act
Compounding Conditions
Glossary
Research
Research Projects
AAV Project
Natural History Database Project
Research Studies
Databases
AHC Bibliography
AHC in Charts
Grant Requests
The Foundation
Overview
Impact Statement 2017
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Policies and Info
Website Term & Conditions
Copyright Statement
Trademarks & Servicemarks
Privacy Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Financials
Fundraising
Contribute
Fundraising Overview
Media Resources
Where Funds are Directed
Hosting an Event
Fundraising Ideas
Fundraising Resources
Community
Engage
Webinar Series
Get Involved
Volunteer
Fundraise
Contribute
Who is AHC?
Family Meetings
New Jersey 2018
Indianapolis 2016
AHC Organizations
AAV Project
News
News Items
AHCF Newsletters
Contact
Resources
AHCF Can Help
Webinar Series
Fundraising Resources
Media Resources
Glossary
Helpful Links
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
At the Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood Foundation (“the Foundation”) and on its website, www.ahckids.org, we are committed to ensuring that we protect the privacy of our website’s visitors. We will do our best to ensure that any private information you provide or that we collect as a result of your visit to our website is treated appropriately. This privacy policy explains our principles and procedures.
The Information We Collect About You
The Foundation is the sole owner of and the only organization that uses the information collected on this website. We will not share, rent or sell this information under any circumstances to anyone without your permission.  If you contribute to our blog, we will collect your email address only if you provide it to us when prompted. Contribution to the blog does not require you to provide your email but it is the only way we can respond to your contribution directly. We will never share your email address with any person or entity. At no other time will you be required to provide any other information to us through the website. Please remember that any information you disclose in this blog becomes public information.
Collection of Financial and Personal Information
The Foundation does provide you with opportunities to register for our newsletter and Foundation updates, make contributions, purchase products or register for upcoming events through the website.  However, all of the information, including financial, credit card and other personal information, associated with these activities is processed and stored on remote sites belonging to third parties selected for their ability to securely process your payments and personal registration information and who have the same commitment to protecting your information and never sharing it with other persons and entities.  Third party personal information you provide for memorial or honor donations will be used for acknowledgement purposes only. Identifiable information you provide for merchandise shipping will not be shared.
Cookie Usage
In order to provide you with an optimum experience, we make use of “cookies.” Cookies are essentially files that help us identify your computer and respond to it. You may disable cookies on your own computer, butyou will not be able to have full access to the website unless cookies are enabled.
How We Use Information from Cookies
The following describes the automatically collected information by cookies:
• Your browser
• The time and date of your visit
• The web pages or services you accessed
This information is used for administrative and technical purposes. For instance, we may use it to count the number of visitors to our site, and determine the most popular pages. We may also use it to review types of technology you are using, determine which link brought you our site, assess how our advertisements on other sites
are working and to help with system maintenance.
Email Contact through the Website
We use information contained in your emails directed to any ahckids.org email address found on the
website only for the purpose of responding to those emails. If we ask you to fill out any forms or surveys, we will
use the information we receive only for the specific purposes indicated in those forms or surveys. We maintain an email mailing list of the families and friends of the Foundation. The list is used by authorized Board members to disseminate pertinent information, update profiles and compile demographics. The information received through these emails is not shared with anyone without your permission.  Any email directed to an ahckids.org email address containing medical information will be forwarded to the persons authorized to receive it. It is recommended that no one send emails containing private or protected medical information to anyone except medical personnel authorized to receive them.
Information Received via USPS and Our Mailing List
Information we receive by mail is collected by one staff member, reviewed and forwarded when necessary.
Children’s Policy
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18. We delete any information that we discover has been provided by children. We do not include any information on this site that we consider unsuitable for children, but we cannot guarantee the content of any linked or research sites we may list.
Security Issues
We make every effort to protect the integrity of your information. We limit the right of access to your information to employees that need to use the information to respond to or process your request or transaction.  As you know, Internet users are increasingly targeted by unscrupulous persons attempting to acquire sensitive
personal or financial information. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions of data and private communications unlawfully. Although we strive to protect your personal information we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.
Links to Other Useful Sites
We provide links to websites maintained by other organizations that provide information that may be of interest to you or that relate to our cause. These links are provided as a convenience to you. We have no control over linked sites, and cannot guarantee the accuracy of any information on them, nor make any pledges concerning the hosts’ privacy policies.
Social Media
The Foundation uses social media and networking services to advance our work, including, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter and Yahoo. We also send and receive direct messages through these sites. These messages are never shared with any outside party. The above mentioned sites are administered internally so please consult their individual privacy policies.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact Pasquale Ciccodicola, Attorney for AHCF.
By email: pasquale@ahckids.org
By telephone: (734) 427-7999
By fax: (313) 733-8987
By mail: 2000 Town Center suite 1900, Southfield, Michigan 48o75
Contact Us
Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood Foundation
2000 Town Center Suite 1900
Southfield, MI
48075
(313) 663-7772
Say what? Translate here.
Newsletter Subscription
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter
Our Partners
We’re Doing All Right!
Volunteer. Donate. Review.
Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved · Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood Foundation