http://ahme.org/privacy-policy
Improving Health Care through Medical Education
Members Area
Message Board
Contact Us
»
The world of Graduate Medical Education felt like entering a witness protection program until I found AHME and attended my first AHME Institute!
Trish Craft, MS, PHRVanderbilt University Medical Center
»
Privacy Policy
This is the website of the Association for Hospital Medical Education. Our postal address is 109 Brush Creek Road, Irwin,
PA 15642.We can be reached via email at info@AHME.org or you can reach AHME by telephone at (724) 864-7321.
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes the generic server their visit came from as to
government, education, healthcare, and so forth.
We collect aggregate information on the pages visitors’ access, as well as information volunteered by the consumer,
such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, used to notify consumers about updates to
our web site, used by us to contact members and non-members for marketing purposes and used to process a
registration or purchase for transaction purposes only.
We use cookies to record session information.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please send us an email at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on membership
and member benefits or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at
the number provided above.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers will only receive telephone contact from us if this is required
regarding transactions they have initiated.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
AHME does sell its membership contact list upon request after verifying that the material to be distributed would be of
interest to our members. The AHME membership contact list is also offered as a package feature for certain levels of
commercial support related to the AHME Institute. If you wish for your information to not be included in those lists,
please contact AHME headquarters.
From time to time, we may use member and non-member information for new, unanticipated uses not previously
disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy
changes to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Members and non-members may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it
was originally collected by calling us at the above telephone number.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration
of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or
phone number.