https://al-anonportlandoregon.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
We are the Al-Anon Information Service of Portland, Oregon.
Our website address is: https://al-anonportlandoregon.org.
We do not collect any information about visitors to this site.
If you are a maintainer of this website you will have cookies set in your web browser to manage your account access.  If you are a visitor to this site you will have one cookie set once you click on the Accept button on the cookie notification banner.  If you choose not to click the Accept button you will not receive the cookie – its purpose is just to record your acceptance of the cookies we use and make the cookie notification banner disappear for one year.
Media
All media used on this site is authorized by Al-Anon, is locally created Al-Anon information, carries a Creative Commons license for use, or is in the public domain.  All efforts are made to insure that no proprietary or encumbered media is used and if found it is removed immediately.
Links to other websites
We have links on our website that will connect you to other sites, such as our accounts on social media.  We have no control over those other websites and their policies may be different than ours.  We do not provide any information about you to those sites and we receive no data back from them (“You Follow Us – we don’t Follow Back”).
(Policy under development)
English
English Español
Newcomers >
Alateen >
Group Scoop >
Links & ResourcesDownload Current Meeting List
Al-Anon World Service Office (WSO)
National Al-Anon Website
Oregon Al-Anon Website
Washington Al-Anon Website
Al-Anon Information Service 1750 SW Skyline Blvd. #133
Portland, OR 97221
503-292-1333
ais@al-anonportlandoregon.org
Business 503-297-3551
Hours 9 – 5 pm, Monday – Friday
Please feel free to call or visit.
Al-Anon literature can be purchased at the office with cash or checks during office hours.
Spanish Information: 503-916-9913
Monday – Friday: 9 am – 5 pm
Saturday & Sunday: 10am – 5pm
We’re On Social Media!   Please note that if you choose to follow us on any of our social media platforms that following, subscribing, liking, or sharing our posts does not imply Alateen/Al-Anon Membership. Please refrain from commenting on our posts.   Commenting puts the user
at risk of breaking personal anonymity (Tradition 11).   You Follow Us we don’t Follow Back.   For any questions about AIS use of Social Media please contact the AIS Office.
This statement is required by the web of today.  The only cookies in use on this site are the ones used by the maintainers of this site, and one you get that says whether or not you have clicked that Accept button yet.  We're serious about Anonymity.  Privacy Policy
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings