https://alcoholchange.org.uk/cookies-policy
Skip to content
Cookies policy
Home
Cookies policy
In this statement, whenever you see the words ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, it refers to ‘Alcohol Change UK’. Alcohol Change UK is the operating name of Alcohol Research UK, a registered charity number 1140287 and a company limited by guarantee in England and Wales number 7462605.
This policy covers the information collected through our website. See our privacy notice to learn about how we manage your personal information.
When you use our website, we may collect and process the following data about you:
If you provide us with your contact details, we will be using these as appropriate and as set out on the website to:send you communications which you have requested via our e-newsletter sign-up form and that may be of interest to you. This may include information about campaigns, appeals, and other fundraising activities;to seek your views on the services we provide;process a volunteer or job application;respond to your enquiry or request for information;keep a record of any contact we have with you;Details of transactions you carry out through our websiteYour payment card details as required in order to make a secure online donation;Details of your use of our website and the resources that you access (including, but not limited to, traffic data and location data);Any content that you submit to comment boards, or any other publicly accessible area of our website.
Google Analytics and IP addresses
We may collect information about your device for system administration including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type. We use this as collated statistical data about our collective users’ browsing actions and patterns and do not identify any individual.
We use Google Analytics and other standard third-party web analytics services to collect anonymous information about your computer, operating system and browser type. This includes for example the number of users viewing pages on the site and their location. It does not identify you individually. This means we can monitor the effectiveness of the site and help us to improve it. These analytics services will also collect your IP address, which is not anonymous, but this information will not be shared outside our organisation and only used in aggregate with other users for monitoring purposes.
Electronic newsletters
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies. You can generally expect an email once a month in line with our Privacy Notice.
We may also use our own internal database to deliver e-mail communications to our stakeholders, as appropriate and in line with our Privacy Notice.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, processed and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and transferred to our service providers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be processed by our payment handler partner companies and encrypted using SSL technology.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our website and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How your information is used
We use information about you, collected through our website, in the following ways:
To ensure that content on our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, to our service providers, to Government bodies and other authorities to whom we are legally obliged to pass your data and to relevant third parties for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device when you visit a website or use an app. The cookie helps the website or app provider to recognise your device the next time you visit their website or use their app. This can help you, for example, by ensuring you don’t have to enter your username or password every time, by remembering your device details so pages can be displayed quicker, by remembering advertising settings, etc.
There are other similar technologies such as pixel tags, web bugs, web storage and other similar files and technologies that can also do the same thing as cookies. We use the term "cookies" in this policy to refer to cookies and all such similar technologies that collect information in this way.
No personal data is stored in these cookies.
How do we use cookies?
Google Analytics is a simple, easy-to-use tool that helps website owners measure how users interact with website content. Google Analytics provides website owners with JavaScript tags (libraries). These allow website owners to record information about the page a user has seen, for example the URL of the page, as they navigate between web pages. The Google Analytics JavaScript libraries use HTTP Cookies to "remember" what a user has done on previous pages / interactions with the website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse how our website is accessed, used or is performing. We use this information to maintain, operate and continually improve the website.
The cookies we use for Google Analytics are:
_ga - expires after two years - used to distinguish users_gid - expires after 24 hours - used to distinguish users_gat - expires after one minute - used to manage the request rate
Managing cookies
In most web browsers, you can manage your cookie preferences, allowing you refuse cookies, delete certain cookies, or turn all cookies on or off. This can usually be found in the options menu of your browser. Generally you should also be able manage similar technologies (pixel tags,web bugs, etc) in the same way that you manage cookies – using your browsers preferences.
Please note that if you choose to block cookies, it may impair certain features of the website.
Share:
Cookies policy
Share
Tweet