http://alexkelly.biz/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Mission Statement
About Alex Kelly
What do we offer
Our goals for this year
Meet the Team
Staff Survey
Makaton Friendly Town
News
Vacancies
Periodic Service Review
Speaking Space
The Day Service
iSpace
Meet the team
Gallery
News
Useful Documents
Social Skills
Alex’s work and TALKABOUT
Social Skills Training
Upcoming Social Skills Courses
Talkabout FAQ
Centre of Excellence Programme
Case Study – Afasic Cymru
Social Skills research
What others say
Training
What we provide
Meet the Trainers
Upcoming Courses
Costs
What others say
Speech Therapy
School Speech Therapy
Assessment and advice
Meet the SLTs
Costs
What others say
Shop
Categories
Social Skills
Feelings
Speech & Language Therapy
Behaviour
Products by age group
Primary School (4-10)
Secondary School (11-16)
Special Schools (4-16)
Adult (16+)
Talkabout
Talkabout Books
Other Talkabout Resources
Other
Shipping Policy
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Basket
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We want our customers and visitors to be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Website Administration
Alex Kelly Ltd
Fleming House
Alma Road
Romsey
Hampshire
SO51 8ED
Tel: (0044)2380 987134
Fax: (0044)2380 987136
Information Collection and Use
We respect each site visitor’s right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically collects visitor information and IP addressThe information we collect is never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes and is only used by Alex Kelly Ltd to analyse website statistics for our own development.
Registration is not required to enter our site.
We require information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address). If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact the user. This information is used for shipping and billing purposes and to complete customer´s orders. We do not store financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date) – this information is sent directly to PayPal Ltd through Secure Socket Layers.
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors of this feature through a pop-up screen on our site. We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
We publish a newsletter, and we never sell or share our subscribers’ email addresses.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
Conflict Resolution
We are committed to resolving disputes within 48 hours. If problems arise, users may contact us by email or telephone.
Contact Information
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us using the contact form on this site
Recent Posts
Social Skills Training in 2021
Contact Us
Please send us an email and we'll get back to you.
Send Message
© 2020 — Alex Kelly Ltd
Home
Contact
News
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Webmail
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap