http://alexkelly.biz/terms-of-service/
Home
About Us
Mission Statement
About Alex Kelly
What do we offer
Our goals for this year
Meet the Team
Staff Survey
Makaton Friendly Town
News
Vacancies
Periodic Service Review
Speaking Space
The Day Service
iSpace
Meet the team
Gallery
News
Useful Documents
Social Skills
Alex’s work and TALKABOUT
Social Skills Training
Upcoming Social Skills Courses
Talkabout FAQ
Centre of Excellence Programme
Case Study – Afasic Cymru
Social Skills research
What others say
Training
What we provide
Meet the Trainers
Upcoming Courses
Costs
What others say
Speech Therapy
School Speech Therapy
Assessment and advice
Meet the SLTs
Costs
What others say
Shop
Categories
Social Skills
Feelings
Speech & Language Therapy
Behaviour
Products by age group
Primary School (4-10)
Secondary School (11-16)
Special Schools (4-16)
Adult (16+)
Talkabout
Talkabout Books
Other Talkabout Resources
Other
Shipping Policy
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Basket
Contact Us
Terms of Service
These terms cover all sites and services (the “Sites”) operated by Alex Kelly Ltd (the “Company”) and any associated content including email and reviews. By using any of the Sites, you (the “User”) agree to abide by the terms herein. Please read these terms carefully before accessing any of the Sites.
Use of Content on the Sites
All materials on this site, including, but not limited to, posts, listings, images, illustrations (collectively, the “Content”) are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by Alex Kelly Ltd or the party credited as the provider of the Content. You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Sites.
You may not reproduce, perform, create derivative works from, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way whatsoever any Content from the Sites without the prior written consent of the Company. You may, however, download or make a copy of the Contents, and other downloadable items displayed on the site, for personal, non-commercial home use only, provided all copyright and other notices contained in the Contents are left intact.
User-Generated Content
The comments sections of the Sites are accessible by all Users of the Sites. The comments sections are a vital part of the discourse on the Sites and, as such, we encourage you to abide by the following guidelines:
Do not post threatening, harassing, defamatory, or libelous material.
Do not intentionally make false or misleading statements.
Do not offer to sell or buy any product or service.
Do not post material that infringes copyright or trademark law.
Do not post information that you know to be confidential or sensitive or otherwise in breach of the law.
Keep all comments relevant to the particular Site where the comment is being posted.
The Company is not responsible for the Content of User comments and makes no warranties about the information contained therein. The Company does, however, reserve the right to remove, move, or delete comments that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise unacceptable.
All terms contained herein apply to the Alex Kelly Online Shop (the “Marketplace”). The Company is not responsible for the Content posted in the online shop and makes no warranties about the information contained therein. The success of the online shop hinges on the accuracy of the materials posted in the online shop. Therefore, the Company retains the right to edit or reject any materials that:
Contain attacks of a personal nature, or are threatening, libelous, or refer abusively to other companies or competitors.
Advertise a property that the broker does not actually represent the sellers.
Use images that do not represent the actual property advertised.
Use images that violate any copyright or intellectual property laws.
Falsify any information about the property listed.
By submitting a review, you are consenting to its display in the Online Shop, and/or on any of the Sites. You are also consenting to its use for promotional purposes.
Disclaimer
The Sites contain facts, views, opinions, statements, and recommendations of third-party individuals and organizations. The Company does not represent or endorse the accuracy, currentness, or reliability of any advice opinion, statement, or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the Sites. You acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, or information will be at your sole risk. The materials on this site are transmitted and distributed “as is” and appear on the site without express or implied warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. The company makes no warranty as to the quality, accuracy, completeness, and validity of any materials on the Sites and does not warrant that the functions contained on the Sites will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected.
Indemnification and Liability
By using the Sites and/or posting materials to the Sites, including the Online Shop, you agree to indemnify the Company, its officers, directors, employees, successors, assigns, agents, distributors, and affiliates for any and all claims, damages, losses, and causes of action (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your breach or alleged breach of this agreement or for any content that is provided by you or through your user I.D. and/or password. You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defenses and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
Termination
You may terminate your account at any time by sending e-mail to admin@alexkelly.biz. Upon termination, you will receive a confirmation via e-mail that the request was received, and your account will be terminated within 24 hours.
The Company may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Sites for any reason, including, without limitation, breach or assignment of this Agreement.
Corresponding with Alex Kelly Ltd
Any correspondence with the Sites or Alex Kelly Ltd, including any documentation or images, are considered property of the Company. The Company reserves the right to reproduce such correspondence, in whole or in part, on any of the Sites.
External Links
Alex Kelly Ltd is not responsible for the content of any external, third-party sites that may be linked to or from our Sites. These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk.
Notification of Changes
Whenever we change our terms of service, we will post those changes to these Terms of Service and other places we deem appropriate, so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
User Privacy
Alex Kelly Ltd greatly values the privacy of its Users and is committed to protecting that privacy. However, when required by law, we may need to disclose personal information. Please refer to our privacy policy for more information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding our terms of use, please drop us a line at admin@alexkelly.biz. You may also reach us by mail at
Alex Kelly Ltd
Fleming House
Alma Road
Romsey
Hampshire
SO51 8ED
Recent Posts
Social Skills Training in 2021
Contact Us
Please send us an email and we'll get back to you.
Send Message
© 2020 — Alex Kelly Ltd
Home
Contact
News
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Webmail
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap