https://alignlifeministries.org/privacy/
Our Ministry
Pregnancy Services
Partnerships
Resources
Get To Know Us
Our Blog
Our Mission
Our Team
Our Board
Get Involved
Serve
Pray
Provide
Baby Bottle Boomerang
Sanctity of Human Life Sunday
Move for Life: Walk Run Plus
Get In Touch
Office Locations
Schedule an Appointment
Contact Us
Request a Speaker
Donor Privacy Statement
Align Life Ministries is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. We have developed this privacy policy to ensure our donors that donor information will not be shared with any third party.
Awareness.  Align Life Ministries provides this Donor Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy policy, and to inform you of the way your information is used. We also provide you with the opportunity to remove your name from our mailing list, if you desire to do so.
Information Collected.  Here are the types of donor information that we collect and maintain:
contact information:  name, organization/church, complete address, phone number, email address;
payment information: credit card number and expiration date, and billing information;
shipping information: name, organization/church, complete address; phone number
information concerning how you heard about Align Life Ministries;
information you wish to share: questions, comments, suggestions; and
your request to receive periodic updates; e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings related to specific fund-raising appeals, prayer concerns, and newsletters.
How Information is Used.  Align Life Ministries uses your information to understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on ministry happenings. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. We use the comments you offer to provide you with information requested, and we take seriously each recommendation as to how we might improve communication.
No Sharing of Personal Information.  Align Life Ministries will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations. We assure you that the identity of all our donors will be kept confidential.  Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of Align Life Ministries and only to further the ministry activities and purposes of Align Life Ministries.
Removing Your Name from Our Mailing List.  It is our desire to not send unwanted mail to our donors. Please contact us if you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Contacting Us.  If you have comments or questions about our donor privacy policy, please send us an email at info@alignlifeministries.org or call us at 717.274.5128.