https://amcsupport.org/privacy-policy/
0
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI).Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) attaches great importance to protecting personal data and maintaining privacy.This policy describes the types of personal information we may collect from you, the purposes for which we use the information, the circumstances in which we may share the information and the steps that we take to safeguard the information to protect your privacy.The personal data we collect and whyWhen entering your data into the online membership registration site (Eventbrite: privacy policy), we collect this data from you for the purpose of registering your membership to Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI). You are not required to supply any of the information that we request. However, choosing not to do so may result in our being unable to become a member of Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI).Use and disclosure of your personal dataBy submitting this membership form you consent to the processing of all entered information by Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) and online registration site (Eventbrite) as described in this privacy statement.Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) will use the personal information to process your membership, communicate with you (including but not limited to: Mail, telephone, email, and social media), and obtain your feedback in regard to the organization. In doing so, your information may be transferred throughout Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) and shared with members of Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) serving as volunteers in carrying out our Mission and Vision StatementArthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc., (AMCSI) shows general geographical information about members on www.amcsupport.org. This information includes the cities and countries of our members. This information is publicly available to all visitors to https://amcsupport.org/membershipmap.html.Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) will not sell or disclose your personal data to other third parties without your express consent.Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) does not share your personally identifiable information with other organizations for their marketing or promotional uses without your prior express consent.Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) may only use the data to provide you with further information from Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) if you opt-in this service by ticking the relevant box on the membership application.We may disclose member information to affiliated companies or other businesses or persons to: provide website hosting, maintenance, and security services; fulfill orders; conduct data analysis and create reportsÍ¾ and assist Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc., (AMCSI) in improvement of our organization. We require these parties process all information in compliance with this Privacy Notice, and we authorize only a limited use of such information, and we require these parties to use reasonable security to maintain confidentiality.Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) may disclose your personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant in the manner required by the requesting entity.Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc.(AMCSI) reserves the right to disclose member information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary: to take precautions against liabilityÍ¾ to protect Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc., (AMCSI) from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful usesÍ¾ to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agenciesÍ¾ to protect the security or integrity of the Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc., (AMCSI) www.amcsupport.orgÍ¾ or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc., (AMCSI), our Users, or others.OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITYArthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) utilizes commercially reasonable physical and technical safeguards to maintain the integrity and security of personal information. We cannot however guarantee ensure or warrant the security of information transmitted to Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI), and therefore you do so at your own risk. Once your information is in the possession of Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc.(AMCSI), commercially reasonable physical and technical safeguards are in place to maintain the integrity and security of personal information However, this in no way implies a guarantee that personal information may not be accessed, altered, misused, disseminated or destroyed by a breach of our security.If at any time, Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) learns of a breach of security, we will attempt to notify you electronically so that you can make appropriate arrangements to minimize impact. Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) utilizes commercially reasonable physical and technical safeguards to maintain the integrity and security of personal information. Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) will also post a notice on our website www.amcsupport.org if a breach of security occurs.OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACYIf you are under 13 years of age, you may not become a member of Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) without the express consent of a custodial parent or guardian.If you are under 13 years of age, please do not become a member of Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI)Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us, for that reason, Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information for persons under 13 years of age, beyond that information provided by a parent or guardian for conference registration. (See conference registration privacy policy) If Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) learns that personally identifiable information of a person less than 13 years of age has been collected without express consent of a parent or guardian, Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who has independently become a member without your express consent, please notify Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) by sending a written request to the email or address below. Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) will then take the appropriate steps terminate that child’s membership and delete their information. You may be required to supply a valid means of identification as a security precaution to assist us in preventing the unauthorized disclosure of the child’s personal information. We will process your request within the time provided by applicable lawBOD@AMCSUPPORT.ORG or Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. P.O. Box 6291 Spartanburg, SC 29304International MembersMembers joining Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) from the European Economic Area or other Non-United States Territories, please note that any data you enter into the online registration site (Eventbrite) will be transferred outside the European economic area or other Non-United States Territory for use by Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) and its affiliates for the purposes described in this policy. You hereby expressly consent to such transfers of your data to the United States and other countries.Controlling your personal dataYou are entitled to access any personal data about you held by Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) by sending a written request to the email or address below. You may be required to supply a valid means of identification as a security precaution to assist us in preventing the unauthorized disclosure of your personal information. We will process your request within the time provided by applicable law.You are also entitled to have Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) modify or delete any information that you believe is incorrect or out of date. Please contact the individual identified below.If you decide that Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) may provide you with further information from Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) by ticking the relevant opt-in box in the online registration form and you do not wish to get such information any longer please contact the Board of Directors.BOD@AMCSUPPORT.ORG or Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. P.O. Box 6291 Spartanburg, SC 29304Additional informationIf your relationship with Arthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) ends, we will continue to treat your personal data, to the extent we retain it, as described in this privacy statement.Updating this statementArthrogryposis Multiplex Congenita Support, Inc. (AMCSI) may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.