https://amedeo.com/user/privacy.php
Home
My Amedeo
FAQ
Privacy
About
Flying Publisher
The daily Top 10 COVID papers
PRIVACY POLICY
The Amedeo Medical Literature Guide (“We”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to use, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The data controller is Steinhäuser Verlag, Am Kriegermal 34, D-42399 Wuppertal.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the amended version on our websites. We will advise you of any updates where it is appropriate.
This privacy policy applies to personal information we hold about individuals. We do not hold information about companies and other organisations.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
(a) Information that you provide by filling in forms on amedeo.com (“our site”): Email, last name, first name, affililation, country, city, professional category (see http://amedeo.com/medicine/hiv.htm).
(b) If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We DO NOT
(a) collect information of your visits to our site such as traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
(b) collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
(c) use cookies
(d) receive or use information by third parties
(d) share your information with third parties
Informing you about our products and services
The range of products and services offered by us include:
(a) Medical information
(b) Information about language acquisition (new languages, language recovery after stroke)
We may use your information to contact you by email with news on products developed by Amedeo which may be of interest to you.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
We will NEVER send you marketing communications.
Security
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Hyperlinks
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Right of Access and Rectification
You have a right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you for which we may charge a small fee (the current statutory fee is €7.10)
You have the right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in the information we hold about you.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy should be addressed to Steinhäuser Verlag, Am Kriegermal 34, D-42399 Wuppertal.
Thank you for your interest in scientific medicine.
All AMEDEO services are free of charge. This policy is made possible thanks to
a media sponsorship by
Boehringer Ingelheim.
Amedeo is a
Flying Publisher website.
Design: