https://americasblood.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterYoutubeFlickr
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Revised September 16, 2009
The America’s Blood Centers Website Privacy Policy regulates the collection, use and disclosure of information collected on the AmericasBlood.org Web site and all other Web sites affiliated with America’s Blood Centers or The Foundation for America’s Blood Centers. By using this Web site you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, you are prohibited from using this Web site and should exit immediately. You acknowledge that the Privacy Policy is subject to modification and that your continued use of the site constitutes agreement with the then-current terms of the Privacy Policy. The date of the most recent update can be found at the top of the document.
America’s Blood Centers collects information to better serve our member organizations, blood donors, and supporters. When we have a better picture of how people are using our Web site, we can improve the browsing experience for visitors.
The information we gather depends on the Web site involved and the portion of the Web site being visited. For password protected areas, we capture information including the username and the date, time, and/or length of the visit. In other areas, we record information that you affirmatively provide to us. For example, if you order materials from us (such as the My Blood, Your Blood educational videos) we need to record and/or store your personal information to help you receive the requested materials. In such cases, we also need to share such information on a limited basis with the third parties that help us process and deliver the order, such as providing your credit card information to the credit card processor or giving your address to the delivery company.
For general visitors to our Web sites, we use “cookies” and other tools to collect information about users’ visits, such as which pages of the site are visited and for how long. Although some of the information collected may be linked to a specific IP address, we do not try to identify the person(s) using that IP address except for the very limited circumstances described herein. These cookies track only your visit to our Web site and do not capture other data about your Web usage.
If you want to be able to receive information from America’s Blood Centers, you may provide your name and contact information to us through the Web site. By doing so, you consent to receive communications from America’s Blood Centers or its members. We will not sell or rent your information to other marketers. Your personal information would only be disclosed to a third party (other than as described herein) upon a merger or reorganization between us and such a third party.
Our Web sites will occasionally have links to other Web sites that are not operated by America’s Blood Centers. We are not responsible for the contents of those websites and have no control over what information they may or may not collect from you.
We respect your privacy and take steps to safeguard your personal information, but we cannot guarantee that your information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. You hereby release us from any and all claims related to the use of intercepted information or information which is obtained in an unauthorized manner. Please note that America’s Blood Centers cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties who may attempt to capture your information when you transmit it to us.
We may disclose your personal information when required to do so by a government agency or a court of law, or when relevant to bringing or defending a legal claim. We may also disclose the information to prevent fraud or enforce the terms of your contracts with America’s Blood Centers, including our Web site Terms of Use (incorporated herein by reference).
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from visitors under the age of 13. If you are a parent and you discover that your child under the age of 13 provided personal information to us, please let us know and we will delete that information from our files.
Although our servers and databases are located in the United States, we may transfer your personal information to our service providers and others located in the United States or elsewhere in the world for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some, including the United States, provide less legal protection for your personal information than others. Please know, however, that no matter where your personal information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through our Web sites, it will be governed by and used in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy and any disputes related thereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa and you consent to the state and federal courts of Iowa as the exclusive venues for resolving any conflicts related to this Privacy Policy, without regard to Iowa’s choice of law provisions. You agree that any damages resulting from any breach of this Privacy Policy shall be limited to the total value of all products you have purchased via our Web sites.
If you wish to access personally identifiable information that America’s Blood Centers has stored about you, or you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us via mail to:
America’s Blood Centers1717 K Street NW, Suite 900Washington, DC 20006Attention:  Legal Department
Policy regarding financial contributions to The Foundation for America’s Blood Centers
The Foundation for America’s Blood Centers creates public education initiatives that increase awareness about the need and importance of volunteer blood donation.
Secure Site. The financial contributions site uses encryption and authentication standards to protect the confidentiality of Web transactions.
Shipping/Delivery Information. No goods or services are provided for your financial contribution. A confirmation receipt is produced upon making a financial contribution.
Refund/Return Policy. All financial contributions are final. Refunds and cancellations will be given at the discretion of the administration. An administration charge will be deducted from any refunds made in order to cover the cost of processing the financial contribution. If you believe that an error has been made in connection with your online donation, contact us at fabc@americasblood.org. We will endeavor to work with you to correct any such error.
For more information about financial contributions to The Foundation America’s Blood Centers, please contact:
The Foundation for America’s Blood Centers  1717 K Street NW, Suite 900Washington, DC 20006(202) 393-1282
Privacy Policy Regarding Member and Client Information
America’s Blood Centers respects the privacy of our members and clients. Accordingly, we have developed the following corporate policies with respect to members’ and clients’ confidential information.
Except as described in the Web site Privacy Policy, America’s Blood Centers will not without prior consent disclose any confidential information received through the members/member/client’s use of the America’s Blood Centers’ member Web portal or any other America’s Blood Centers product or service about a members’/clients’ organizational structure and comments, which references or identifies a specific member/client, to other third parties.America’s Blood Centers will not without consent identify a specific member/client in any communications with third parties regarding exit interview rating results, internal trends, employee comments or incidents, but may from time to time relate such information without identifying the member/client by name or inference.Aggregate Data. As part of its services, America’s Blood Centers may aggregate statistical data from each member/client account and provide the aggregated data as benchmark statistics. America’s Blood Centers may sell or publish aggregate data but may not identify the data with any individual member/client.Member/Client Lists. America’s Blood Centers does maintain and may, at its discretion, publish this list in whole or in part on the America’s Blood Centers Web site and/or in marketing materials for prospective members/clients and media.America’s Blood Centers may discuss orally or in writing specific incidences of how its products or services helped improve a member/client’s employee issues but America’s Blood Centers will not, without consent, identify the name of the company/organization or individuals involved.America’s Blood Centers will, upon written request, provide a copy of the data stored in a member/client’s America’s Blood Centers’ account, but will only release this data to an authorized member/client representative.All America’s Blood Centers’ staff members receive a copy of this policy and are required to follow all of the items listed in this policy. Any employee that knowingly violates this privacy policy will be disciplined up to and including termination.Notwithstanding anything in this Policy to the contrary, America’s Blood Centers may disclose confidential information and link data to a particular member or client in the following limited circumstances:
A) We are compelled to do so by law or by an order of a court or governmental authority.
B) In order to cooperate with law enforcement authorities or governmental regulatory bodies.
C) As necessary to complete a transaction for you.
D) As we deem necessary to protect the rights, safety or property of America’s Blood Centers, our users or others, or to enforce our Web site Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
America’s Blood Centers may, from time to time, amend this policy. If the policy is amended, the new policy will be posted on the America’s Blood Centers’ Web site.
Find a Blood Center
Find a Location Near You
2021 ABC Virtual Annual Meeting
March 8, 2021 - March 12, 2021
The ABC Annual Meeting is attended by senior blood center leadership as an opportunity to learn abou...
Learn More
Subscribe for Updates
Sign up to receive updates from America’s Blood Centers.
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Scroll To Top