https://americanbonehealth.org/privacy/
Home
Share. Print. Save.
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on linkedin
Share on email
Share on print
Privacy
American Bone Health’s Privacy Policy
American Bone Health provides this website as a public service. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, process and/or use information that we receive via our websites, emails we send, and mobile applications that link to this Policy, as amended from time to time.
This Policy describes how we collect, process, use, share and secure the personal information you provide. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. For purposes of this Policy, personal information shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
If you have any questions about your rights as a user, you may contact info@americanbonehealth.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Of the information we learn about you from your visit to our website, we store only the following: the IP address from which you access the Internet, the date and time, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, the name of the file or the words you searched, and the browser used to access our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use this information to help us expand the coverage of the sites and to make the site more useful. American Bone Health periodically deletes its web logs.
Personally Provided Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request. On occasion, we may conduct a study concerning the types of questions sent to us. These studies help us to improve our websites to make them more responsive to the needs of our users. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party.
When inquiries are e-mailed to us, we store the question and the e-mail address information so that we can respond electronically. Unless otherwise required by statute, we do not identify who sends questions or comments to our web site. We will not obtain information that will allow us to personally identify you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. If provided, personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is regularly purged.
Links to Other Sites
American Bone Health provides links to other Internet sites that provide health information. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Legal Disclaimer
General Information
All information provided in and through www.americanbonehealth.org is solely for general information and should not be relied upon for any specific diagnosis, treatment, or care. American Bone Health recommends all individuals to consult with qualified medical professionals for treatment and care advice on an individual basis.
Decisions relating to the prevention, detection, and treatment of osteoporosis or other health-related problems or diseases should be made only after discussing the risks and benefits with one’s own health care provider, taking into account personal medical history, current situation and future health risks and concerns. American Bone Health does not advocate the use of drug therapies not approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
Scope of Use
American Bone Health invites the User to view a single copy of a page or pages of this website for personal, informational, non-commercial use provided that all copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights notices be kept intact. American Bone Health does not grant any rights to copy or distribute any portion of this website commercially.
No Warranties
All content on this web site is provided to the User on an “as is,” “as available” basis. No warranty is given or made by American Bone Health of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. American Bone Health makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or reliability of any content available through this web site.
It is the User’s responsibility for taking all precautions necessary to ensure that any content obtained from the web site is free of viruses.
American Bone Health makes no representations or warranties that use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free.
Limitation of Liability
American Bone Health specifically disclaims any and all liability, for any incidental, special, consequential, direct, or indirect damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of American Bone Health’s website, even if American Bone Health has alerted the using party of the possibility of such damages, including but not limited to reliance by any party on any content obtained through use of this website, or that arises in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information available on the website or information made available to or from the User, interruptions in telecommunications connections for any reason to the website or viruses from any local, regional, national or international source, whether caused in whole or in part for any reason including acts of God, negligence, theft or destruction of, telecommunications failure, or unauthorized access to the web site or related information.
Email
American Bone Health hereby states for the User’s knowledge that the Internet is public and that e-mail communications between the User and American Bone Health via this website are subject to the risk of being viewed by other parties. Accordingly, the User should not transmit confidential or proprietary information relating to the User or the User’s business to American Bone Health via e-mail. American Bone Health is not responsible for its confidentiality.
Subscribe & Follow
Stay up to date on events & the latest in bone health
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Facebook-f
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Calculate Your Risk
The American Bone Health Fracture Risk Calculator™ estimates fracture risk for women and men over age 45.
Related Articles
Understanding Bone Density Results
January 13, 2020
Medications That Can Be Bad for Your Bones
November 12, 2019
Tests to Determine Secondary Causes of Bone Loss
November 1, 2019
Cancer Survivors
March 20, 2019
How cancer patients can lower the risk of bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis of the jaw (BRONJ)
August 2, 2018
Cancer and Bone Health
February 26, 2018
What Is Secondary Prevention of Osteoporosis?
December 19, 2011
Subscribe to our mailing list
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Facebook-f
Twitter
Youtube
About Us
Our Mission
Our People
Programs
Quick Links
American Bone Health Hotline™
Find an Event
Volunteer Login
Board of Directors Portal
News Feed
Kelcy Walker Pope, DrPH, joins American Bone Health’s
Board of Directors
MyPlate—USDA Nutrition Guide to Bone Health
Menopause
Kathleen Cody retiring as Executive Director, Cheryl Hostinak to take over
Dr. Sabrina Noel joins American Bone Health’s
Medical and Scientific Advisory Board
© Copyright 2020 American Bone Health
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Sitemap
Address
American Bone Health4208 Six Forks Road Suite 1000 Raleigh, NC 27609
Call Us
510-832-2663 – Main
888-266-3015 – Main
855-365-2663 – Bone Health Hotline
Email Us
info@americanbonehealth.org
Search
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Receive updates and information about Bone Health, Our Events, and Specialty Programs each month.