https://amsatonline.org/aws/AMSAT/contact/gdpr_display_policy?layout_name=layout_interior&linked_text=GDPR+and+Privacy+Policy
Members
Menu
The Alexander Technique
What is the Alexander Technique
Benefits
FAQ
Research
AT in Educational Institutions
In the News
How To Learn
How is the Alexander Technique Taught?
Private Lessons
Classes & Workshops
Publications
About AmSAT
What is AmSAT?
Statement of Professional Identity
The Board
Code of Professional Conduct
AmSAT Journal
Membership
Donate & Support AmSAT's Goals
Contact AmSAT
Research Grant
ACGM 2020
COVID-19 Resources
Diversity
Latest News
Train to Teach
About Teacher Training
Teacher Training Programs
Apply for Scholarship
Find a Teacher
Donate to AmSAT
GDPR and Privacy Policy
EU Residents Only:If you are in our database, please click HERE to log in and to agree or disagree with the policies outlined below.
If you do not have a login, and you believe that you are in our database, please contact our office.
General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) Privacy Policy
EU Residents Only:
If you are in our database, please click HERE to log in and to agree or disagree with the policies outlined below.
If you do not have a login, and you believe that you are in our database, please contact our office.
AmSAT Privacy Notice
AmSAT collects your name, company and contact information in its membership database to provide you with updates about programs provided by AmSAT via emails and newsletters.
Your information will NOT be shared for marketing purposes outside of AmSAT programs and activities.
You can change your mind at any time by emailing info@AmSATonline.org.  We will treat your information with respect.
Your data privacy and security are important to us.  We have updated our privacy policy on 25 May 2018 to make it transparent.
Our privacy policy updates give you more clarity and control over how we collect and use your personal data.
How will AmSAT use the information about you?
We will manage your membership and process your meeting registration. We will keep in touch with you to provide updates about membership programs and send you our biweekly e-UPdate newsletter.
Our website is fully integrated with the membership database; if your primary address in your member record is designated as a company address, your company information will be available on our website through our member search function so that potential customers/clients can find you. Your home address will NEVER be displayed on your teacher profile if it is designated correctly as a home address in your record within the membership database.
You can change your mind at any time by emailing info@AmSATonline.org.
©2020 American Society for the Alexander Technique ™ | contact us
This website does not give, sell, or otherwise transfer any information including email addresses for the use in bulk communications such as bulk emails. Such use of any such information obtained at this website, any related website, or any website pointing to this notice is illegal and/or strictly prohibited. For more information about the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 and its requirements for businesses, please refer to the FTC website.
GDPR and Privacy Policy