https://animalclinicdelrancho.com/terms-of-use/
COVID-19 Updates
(480) 860-9545
Contact Us
Request Appointment
Emergencies
Home
About Us
Get to Know Us
Testimonials
Career Opportunities
Cat Friendly Practice
Patient Center
Services
Payment Options
Online Forms
Essential Care Plans
Online Pharmacy
Canine Influenza: Pet Owners’ Guide
Pet Health Blog
TeleVet
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE (THE “TERMS”) FOR THE: Animal Clinic Del Rancho (www.animalclinicdelrancho.com)  WEBSITE (THE “SITE”). BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyAccessibility Statement
Terms of Use
CHANGES TO TERMS
Please review the Terms regularly. The Terms may change at any time.
By using the Site after a change in the Terms, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms as changed.
SITE CONTENT
Unless otherwise expressly noted, you should assume everything you see, hear, or otherwise receive from or on the Site (the “Content”) is copyright, trademark, trade dress or other intellectual property owned or licensed by Animal Clinic Del Rancho.
The Content includes, without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, sounds, music, the Site as a whole and any other materials at the Site.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Nothing in the Terms transfers to you any right, title or interest in any Content, including any intellectual property or content of third parties included on the Site.
YOUR USE OF THE SITE
You may use Content for research or educational purposes, or for your personal, noncommercial purposes, provided you keep unchanged all copyright and other notices with them. No other use of any Content is permitted unless a specific use is expressly stated as to particular Content.
You agree that you will make only lawful use of the Site, and will use the Site only in compliance with all federal, state and local laws and regulations.
You agree that you will make no use of the Site that violates anyone else’s rights, including copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or other rights. You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on or to the Site (“Publish”) any materials that contain a software virus or other harmful component.
You agree that you will not Publish any materials that contain advertising or commercial material of any kind.
You agree that you will not Publish any materials that are false, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise unlawful, or that violate any rights of privacy or publicity or any trademark, copyright, patent or other rights.
You are solely responsible for the content of any material you Publish.
We are not responsible or liable for the conduct of any person using the Site.
We may change, suspend, discontinue or remove any aspect of the Site at any time, without prior notice, including the availability of any Site feature, services or Content or any material you have Published. We may restrict your access to certain features, services or Content at any time, without prior notice.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site may contain links to third party sites. Any outside links are provided only as a convenience. Your use of outside links is at your sole risk.
Any links from the Site do not constitute our endorsement of any third party, its Website, or its goods or services.
We are not responsible for any Websites, services or other materials linked to or from the Site, and disclaims all liability for any injury you may experience by using such materials. If you have any concerns regarding any Website linked to or from the Site, please direct them to the owner or operator of the Website.
USER COMMENTS AND SUBMISSIONS
We welcome your comments regarding our Site and services.
To submit your comments regarding our Site or services, please e-mail them to us.
However, if you are dissatisfied with the Site, any of its Content, or any of the Terms, your sole and exclusive legal remedy is to stop using the Site.
Any comments, ideas, suggestions or other information you transmit to the Site are not confidential or proprietary.
We will be free to use any comment, idea, suggestion or other information you transmit to us through the Site on an unrestricted basis.
This may include personal information about you and your use of the Site.
For more information, please review the Privacy Policy to follow.
COPYRIGHT
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been infringed on the Site, please send a statutory notice to our copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement:
ATTN:
ViziSites Inc.
ATTN: Copyright Dept.
970 W. Valley Pkwy #315
Escondido, CA 92025
copywriter@vizisites.com
Privacy Policy
DISCLAIMER NOTICE TO OUR WEBSITE VIEWERS
This website is provided for informational purposes only. No business relationship is established by your use of this site.
No warranties or guarantees are made regarding any of the information contained within this website.
PRIVACY
If you require more information or have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us. The privacy of our visitors is of utmost importance to us.
Our privacy policy outlines the types of personal information this website collects and how it is used.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
By entering your name, email address, and/or phone number, you are providing personal information that will be used by us for the sole purpose of returning your request to be contacted by us. We will only use this information to contact you in order to assist you with your internet marketing needs, and/or to answer any questions you may have indicated in the comments section. Our intention is to only use your personal information to return your request for contact regarding our website services or internet marketing related questions.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some content or applications on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with information about our services
To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
To fulfill any purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our brand and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Madwire’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Madwire about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the “e-mail a friend” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of our sales or others. This includes exchanging information with other brands and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You may send an e-mail to copywriter@vizisites.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY
We are not responsible for any information collected by social networks on which we maintain a social media presence.
These include, but are not limited to, Facebook, Google, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
Each social network has its own privacy policy and it should be read before creating an account on the network.
We are not responsible for any marketing or retargeting performed by a social network after you have visited our pages.
Updated: June 2018.
General
Animal Clinic Del Rancho strives to ensure that its services are accessible to people with disabilities. Animal Clinic Del Rancho has invested a significant amount of resources to help ensure that its website is made easier to use and more accessible for people with disabilities, with the strong belief that every person has the right to live with dignity, equality, comfort and independence.
Accessibility on animalclinicdelrancho.com
Animal Clinic Del Rancho makes available the UserWay Website Accessibility Widget that is powered by a dedicated accessibility server. The software allows the site to improve its compliance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.0).
Enabling the Accessibility Menu
The Animal Clinic Del Rancho accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon that appears on the corner of the page. After triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the accessibility menu to load in its entirety.
Disclaimer
Animal Clinic Del Rancho continues its efforts to constantly improve the accessibility of its site and services in the belief that it is our collective moral obligation to allow seamless, accessible and unhindered use also for those of us with disabilities.
Despite our efforts to make all pages and content on Animal Clinic Del Rancho fully accessible, some content may not have yet been fully adapted to the strictest accessibility standards. This may be a result of not having found or identified the most appropriate technological solution.
Here For You
If you are experiencing difficulty with any content on Animal Clinic Del Rancho or require assistance with any part of our site, please contact us during normal business hours as detailed below and we will be happy to assist.
Contact Us
If you wish to report an accessibility issue, have any questions or need assistance, please contact Animal Clinic Del Rancho Customer Support as follows:
Email: developer@vizisites.com
OPT-OUT OPTION
Please contact us if you wish to opt-out/unsubscribe from receiving any future communication. Opt-out
requests and/or questions regarding this privacy policy can be directed to: info@acdrstaff.com.
"Get Acquainted Exam" - New Clients Receive $10 Off First Exam
Request Appointment
Contact Us Phone: (480) 860-9545
Fax: (480) 860-9546
11445 E Via Linda Suite #10
Scottsdale, AZ 85259
Contact Us Online
Loyalty Rewards Program Earn a stamp for every $100 spent! (per invoice)
No expiration date
$100 purchase stamps are non-retroactive
Invoice must be paid in full to receive stamps
Reward cannot be used at visit redeemed
16 stamps = $100 credit on a future visit!
HOURS Mon – Fri: 7:30am – 5:30pm
Sun: Closed
*Every other Sat: 8:00am – 12:00pm
Download Our App Request Appointments and refills! Send us a Selfie Shot of you and your pet! Receive important notifications and hospital updates!
Download on the App Store
Get it on Google Play
© 2020
Animal Clinic Del Rancho. Proudly Designed & Managed by ViziSites.
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
We kindly ask for your patience during this time as we are experiencing higher than normal appointment requests and are working through scheduling as efficiently as we can. We look forward to serving you and your pets.
–
The Animal Clinic Del Rancho is now offering remote healthcare services with TeleVet.
Learn More