http://anipharmaceuticals.com/privacy.php
ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
About (current)
Executive Team
Board of Directors
How We Operate
Quality
Capabilities
Locations
News
Products
Contract Manufacturing
Investors
Careers
Careers
Benefits
Available Positions
Application
Contact
Contact Us
Locations
About Us
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Quality
Capabilities
Locations
News
Privacy Policy
Last modified: April 6, 2017
ANI Pharmaceuticals is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the ANI Pharmaceuticals Web site, which is comprised of various web pages operated by ANI Pharmaceuticals (collectively the “Sites”). Our Privacy Policy explains:
The information about you that we collect (the "Information") and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
The choices we offer you, including how to access and update information.
Your privacy matters to us, so please take the time to read our Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions. You can contact us by emailing privacy@anipharmaceuticals.com.
Information we collect and how we collect it
Information you give us: Through interaction with the Sites, you may choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address, social security number, date of birth, health care provider, insurance provider or telephone number. For example, you may provide us with personally identifiable information when you register to use of certain portions of the Sites, sign up for a mailing list, submit a form on the Sites, or your sending us an e-mail to an address you find on the Sites. Please note that we only collect personally identifiable information from you in the event that you choose to provide it to us. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information on a public message board on one of the Sites, this information may be collected and used by others.
Information we get automatically from your use of the Sites: We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Site, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify and collect certain information. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, referring Web site addresses, and your computer hardware and software. We also use these technologies to collect and store information when you interact with our Sites. We keep track of the pages our customers visit within Sites in order to determine what ANI Pharmaceuticals services are the most popular.
Information we get from third parties: We may receive information about you from third parties with whom you interact, including name, age, address, telephone number, e-mail address. The collection of this information from you and the sharing of this information with us is governed by the privacy policy of the third party that collected your information. We may combine the information we receive from third parties with information you give us or that we get automatically from your use of the Sites.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, protect and improve our products and services, to develop new ones, and to protect us and our users. We may also use this information to:
offer you customized content and advertising within the Sites;
inform you or your health care provider of other products or services available from ANI Pharmaceuticals and its affiliates;
contact you or your health care provider via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current products and services or of potential new products or services that may be offered; and
to improve your user experience on the Sites and the overall quality of the Sites.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Transparency and choice
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect and how we use it so that you can make meaningful choices about the information you provide us. You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our Sites, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. Please remember that if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our services or Sites you visit.
Accessing and updating your personal information
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations, and individuals outside of ANI Pharmaceuticals unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent, for the reason you provided consent
We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of ANI Pharmaceuticals when we have your consent to do so.
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to ANI Pharmaceuticals, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of ANI Pharmaceuticals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of ANI Pharmaceuticals, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
For mergers, acquisitions or asset sales
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information, but we reserve the right in any of these circumstances to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of the merger, acquisition or asset sale.
For responding to contact by you
If you contact us regarding your experience with using any of our products, we may use the information you provide in submitting reports to the Federal Food and Drug Administration, and as otherwise required by us by law or governmental audit.
We may also use the information to contact your healthcare professional to follow-up regarding an unexpected event involving the use of any of our products.
You understand that in order to comply with the law, we may not be permitted to comply with your request to amend or remove personally identifiable information that was provided to us by a healthcare professional or consumer regarding an adverse event or reaction involving medicine, medical products or medical devices.
ANI Pharmaceuticals does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ANI Pharmaceuticals may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing use. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2016 will receive information regarding 2015 sharing activities).
Where we process and use your information
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live. If you are visiting the Sites from the European Union or other non-U.S. territories, please note that any information you provide will be transferred outside the European Union or such other non-U.S. territories for use by ANI Pharmaceuticals for any purpose described herein. By providing any information to ANI Pharmaceuticals, you hereby consent to such transfers of your data to the United States.
Information security
We use reasonable physical and technical safeguards to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Additional Information about Cookies
The Sites use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize one or more of the pages on our Sites, or register with our Sites or services, a cookie helps us recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features on the Site that you previously customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the services or Sites you visit.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not track our customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your web browser may allow you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.
Protection of Children
We will not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without obtaining the prior written consent from a person with parental responsibility (parent or guardian). If you are under the age of 13, please do not use the Sites or submit any information in connection with the Sites.
When this Privacy Policy applies
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the products and services offered by ANI Pharmaceuticals and its affiliates, but excludes Sites services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from any of the Sites so that you can understand how those other Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites other than the Sites.
Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page.
Other Terms
Your use of the Sites is subject to the ANI Pharmaceuticals Terms of Use.