http://anna.inurse.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Log In
SearchHelp
Join/RenewJobsContactCorporateShop
Privacy Policy
What We Collect
We receive information directly from you, such as personal information you provide when you create an account, join, register for an event, purchase products, etc. We also receive information collected passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device when accessing our sites.
You may also interact with or content and services through social media or other third party platforms, such as Facebook, or other integrations and applications. In using these social media other third party platforms, you may allow us to have access to certain information unique to these systems. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or "likes." For a description on how social media services and other third party platforms may handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
At our sites and through partners we may use to provide services, you can join, apply for certification, register, order products, vote, participate in one of our online/email forums or communities. To fulfill the associated services, we must collect collect a certain amount of information such as: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card information. We may also give you the opportunity to provide additional information about your areas of interest and other demographics that help us better serve your needs, but these are not required.
In some cases, you may also be able to submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an invitation to join or, if you order a product online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. This information may include, for instance, a recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and/or telephone number.
Our systems, and the systems of partners we use to fulfill services for you, may also use automated means to collect information about you, your computer or other device used to access our services. Some of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the services you have visited, sites visited before and after you use our services, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the content (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content or advertisements you have seen and/or clicked.
Cookies are used to both gather the automated data mentioned above and sometimes to provide a means of managing your experience during your visit (ensuring you are logged in and receiving the content appropriate to you). For more information about how cookies are used for advertising purposes, see https://www.youronlinechoices.com. And, to learn more about managing how and whether cookies are used while you are on the web, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We, along with our partners, may use the information to:
provide and communicate with you about the services you request or your account,
fulfill our obligation regarding the services you request, including requests for newsletters and notifications,
respond to your questions and concerns,
communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you,
enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our services,
provide technical support,
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities,
protect the safety of those who use our services,
customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or use of our and our partners' services,
perform analysis regarding how you use the services to help improve those services,
send products or invitation emails to the recipients you designate.
Sharing and Disclosure
We may disclose your information in the following ways:
To service providers/partners that we have engaged to provide business-related services on our behalf. This may include service providers that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) handle payments; (g) host our services, forums and online communities; (h) administer contests; (i) maintain databases; (j) send or support online or mobile advertising; and (k) otherwise support our services.
In response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or government agency's request or similar request.
With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Services, or violations of our policies, the law or our Terms of Use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services.
When we have so informed you as part of your request for services, we may share limited contact information with unaffiliated third parties wishing to communicate with you for potential sales opportunities or industry-related information. In any such cases, you will have the opportunity opt out of such sharing at any time by updating your communication preferences.
At no point will we share your email address with third parties for marketing purposes.
Data Security
We have physical, electronic, and administrative procedures designed to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and assure the proper use and disposal of information you provide to us.
Access to Your Data
You shall have access to the personal information that is collected directly from you through our services and that we maintain. For example, if you created a password-protected account, you can access that account to review and/or edit the information you have provided.
You may e-mail, call, or send us a letter requesting access to or correction of your personal Information. Note that we may ask you to provide additional information for identity verification purposes prior to fulfilling such requests.
Social Media/Third Party Information
ANNA participates in a number of social media sites, including but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn. The terms of use on these sites govern the collection and/or disclosure of your information on these sites. Comments posted by individuals on ANNA social media sites do not necessarily reflect the views of ANNA or its members and ANNA is not responsible for this content. ANNA reserves the right to edit or delete posts, comments, and photos it deems inappropriate or offensive at any time without notice.
Information posted on ANNA social media sites should not be considered medical advice and should not replace a consultation with a health care professional.
In the interest of information sharing via social media sites, the ANNA website, and email broadcasts, ANNA may “like” a third party site, share content from a third party site, or take other actions such as follow, subscribe to, list, or favorite a third party site. These actions do not imply ANNA’s endorsement of the third party site’s page or material. When clicking on such links, you will leave the ANNA website and will be subject to the third party site’s terms of use.
Care has been taken to confirm the accuracy and relevance of information presented on social media sites, the ANNA website, and email broadcasts at the time of publication or posting. However, constant changes in information resulting from continuing research and clinical experience, reasonable differences in opinions among health care professionals, unique aspects of individual situations, and the possibility of human error require you to exercise individual judgment when making a clinical decision. ANNA is not responsible for changes and updates made to these third party sites after posting. Third party content may also be moved to a new url or removed from the site, and may not always be available. If you have concerns with any content shared or posted, please contact ANNA at anna@annanurse.org.
emailfacebooklinkedintwitter