http://anna.inurse.com/terms-and-conditions-sale
Skip to main content
Log In
SearchHelp
Join/RenewJobsContactCorporateShop
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy for detailed information on what we do with your information.
Security
ANNA holds the security of its transactions to the highest standard, providing full 128-bit encryption* for all credit card data. When you see the closed lock icon in your browser and/or https:// in front of the page address on our site, rest assured that you are being protected.
* when supported by the buyer’s software and hardware
Copyright
All material purchased/downloaded from this site, such as printed materials, multimedia, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of ANNA or its content suppliers and partners and protected by United States and international copyright laws. Any duplication of these materials in any form without express written permission from the copyright holder is a violation of these copyright laws.
Loss or Damage in Transit
All items purchased from ANNA are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the ownership and risk of loss for such items pass to the buyer upon our delivery to the carrier (USPS, UPS, FedEx, etc.). When shipped via UPS, your purchase is automatically insured up to $100 unless otherwise dictated by the laws in effect at the destination address. Insurance for alternative delivery methods or other values must be purchased by the buyer separately and requires special arrangements – please contact us by phone for more information. If an item has been damaged in transit, please notify ANNA immediately upon receipt.
ANNA will accept claims for lost packages within 14 days of the original order date. Once notified by the purchaser, ANNA will contact the shipper (e.g. UPS) to open a lost package investigation. Please allow 7 to 10 business days for this process. If the shipper locates the package, proof of delivery will be sent to the ANNA National Office and then forwarded to the purchaser and the claim will be closed.
If the shipper is unable to locate the package, ANNA will re-send the original order via standard ground shipping.
Canadian Customers
Canadian customers, please be advised that your order will incur a tax when being processed at the border. You will be responsible for any and all fees.
Accuracy of Product Information
ANNA makes all efforts to ensure that product descriptions and pricing are as current and accurate as possible. In the event a purchase is not as described, it must be returned according to the Returns and Refunds policy (see below) for proper credit. If ANNA deems that inaccurate product information was provided, shipping costs will also be refunded.
Returns and Refunds
For all returns, please contact us at 888-600-2662 prior to shipping the item, and be sure to include a photocopy of your original packing slip/receipt with the return. Shipping costs are not refundable unless the item is returned because it does not match the provided item description (see above). If a refund or overpayment is less than $15, ANNA may, at its discretion, provide a certificate of credit balance for future purchases in lieu of a refund.
The following terms apply to returns of specific item or transaction types:
Printed Materials
Unless otherwise specified in the item description, printed materials (books, pamphlets, posters, etc.) may be returned to ANNA within 30 days of the date of purchase for a full refund of the purchase price provided they are in original, saleable condition, including shrink wrapping. If the printed material is not in original, saleable condition, a restocking fee of 15% will be assessed.
Multimedia Materials
Unless otherwise specified in the item description, multimedia materials (CD-ROMs, audio tapes, video tapes, etc.) may only be returned within 15 days of the date of purchase for a full refund of the purchase price if unopened. Opened items that are defective may be exchanged for the same item within 90 days of the date of purchase.
Registrations/Other
Registrations and other special transactions have independent terms and conditions that supercede any and all of the above. These terms and conditions are provided during the transaction and should be referenced separately with respect to refunds.
Modification
These Terms and Conditions are subject to modification at any time, and may also be subject to revision based upon local and national laws in effect at the time of purchase.
emailfacebooklinkedintwitter