http://aocortho.com/privacy-policy
OrthoVirginia is requiring ALL patients & visitors to wear a MASK at ALL times. Read our COVID-19 policies
Close Alert
Privacy Policy
We take privacy and security seriously at OrthoVirginia. This Privacy Policy describes how OrthoVirginia collects, uses, and protects the personal information you provide to us on www.orthovirginia.com (the “Site”). The Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding OrthoVirginia’s use of your personal information and the steps you can take to access, edit, or delete this information.
The information contained on the Site is neither intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice. You should always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare provider before starting any new treatment or if you have specific questions about your healthcare or a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking care because of something you have read on this website.
By using the Site, you are accepting the terms of our Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH, OR HAVE OBJECTIONS TO, THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT SUBMIT ANY INFORMATION VIA THE SITE AND IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SITE.
This website is not intended for use by any person under the age of 13.
Personally Identifiable Information We May Collect
We collect Personally Identifiable Information, including your:
Name,
Email address,
Phone number,
Zip code,
And any other information you provide to us when you fill out a form on our Site.
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your Personally Identifiable Information; inaccurate information may affect the quality of information you receive from us when using our Site, services, and tools, and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does NOT apply to uses and disclosures of your protected health information (“PHI”) as defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and its implementing regulations. Uses and disclosures of your PHI are described in OrthoVirginia’s Notice of Privacy Practices. This Notice is available at each OrthoVirginia office location or at www.orthovirginia.com/privacy-practices. OrthoVirginia’s Notice of Privacy Practices describes how your PHI may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to your information. The Notice of Privacy Practices applies to all your PHI created or maintained by OrthoVirginia.
Collection and Use of Personally Identifiable and Non-Identifiable Information
OrthoVirginia uses the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us to respond to your questions and inquiries, provide certain services you select, contact you about our products, services, and offers, and provide updates.  We will not sell your personal information to third parties without your prior permission.
OrthoVirginia uses third party vendors to help us run our services. If we provide personal information to third parties, we only provide the personal information needed to deliver the service. They are required to maintain high standards of confidentiality and security when using personal information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Sharing of your protected health information is addressed in the OrthoVirginia Notice of Privacy Practices.
OrthoVirginia will also share your personal information if it is required to do so by law, or if it believes that doing so is necessary in order to conform to the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, comply with legal process served on OrthoVirginia, or otherwise protect OrthoVirginia’s legal rights.
When you visit our Site, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as your computer’s Internet protocol address, type of browser, and pages viewed. We use this information to understand how visitors navigate through our Site and to enhance visitor experience.
If you use our Site without registering or completing any response forms, we will only collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons. “Cookies” are small text files that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive in order to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it easier to use certain site functions. You can change your browser settings if you want to be notified when a site collects cookies, or to prevent sites from collecting cookies.
We use a third-party web analytics service provider that uses cookies and web beacons to help us analyze how users navigate our Site and the effectiveness of our marketing. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Site will be transmitted to and stored by this service provider. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating and reporting on your use of our Site. The information collected by our service provider is not personally identifiable.
Our Site may include links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of OrthoVirginia. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is subject to their privacy statements. OrthoVirginia’s Privacy Policy does not apply to information you may submit to those sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Security of Personally Identifiable Information
Your Personally Identifiable Information resides on secure servers to which only selected OrthoVirginia employees or contractors have access. OrthoVirginia strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such Personally Identifiable Information when it is transmitted to, and stored by, OrthoVirginia; however, it is not possible for OrthoVirginia to guarantee the security of information disclosed online to OrthoVirginia because no transmission of data over the Internet is totally secure and no database is totally secure from hackers, rogue employees and the like. Personally Identifiable Information may also be released, erased, deleted or otherwise removed due to hacking, force majeure, accident, unscrupulous contractors or employees, or through other such factors, and OrthoVirginia disclaims liability for any of the foregoing. You agree to assume all risk in connection with the information provided to OrthoVirginia or collected by OrthoVirginia when using the Site.  If OrthoVirginia experiences any data breaches, all potentially affected contacts will be informed by email, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Rights with Respect to Your Personally Identifiable Information
You may request access to, correction of, or removal of your personal information collected through the Site. You may contact us at the information below. Please include your name, address, and e-mail address when you contact us.
Policy Changes
We frequently re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and procedures and adapt to new challenges as they arise, whether due to business concerns or regulatory changes. We will update this Privacy Policy to correspond with those changes and it will available through this site at www.orthovirginia.com/privacy-policy.  We will update the “Revised Date” at the bottom of the Privacy Policy to correspond with any revisions.
Contact
If you have any questions, queries, or concerns, please contact by email at compliance@orthovirginia.com or by writing us at the following address:
OrthoVirginia
7858 Shrader Road
Richmond, VA 23294
Attn: Chief Compliance Officer
Published: March 17, 2020; Revised: N/A