https://aphasiatavistocktrust.org/privacy/
Home
News
Robin Tavistock Award
Distinguished Scholar USA
Student Prizes
Projects
Aphasia Software Finder
Aphasia Alliance
Small Grants
Aphasia & Links
Donations
Contact
Home
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
The data we collect
Like most websites we do capture limited information every time you visit our website. This includes your IP address, type of browser, operating system, etc. None of this information is personal and is only stored for audit purposes.
Cookies
We do not use any cookie that places information directly onto your local machine. We use a type of cookie called a session variable that stores information on the server whilst you are on our site. This is used solely to make sure your visit to our site is as enjoyable as possible.
Personal data
Any data you enter via a form on this website is used solely by The Tavistock Trust for Aphasia. We do not rent or sell any of our data to any third party. We believe strongly in an ethical opt-in approach to all marketing activity and the sites that we operate reflect this.
COPYRIGHT © 2020 THE TAVISTOCK TRUST FOR APHASIA
PRIVACY & COOKIES
DESIGN BY CODE GLOBAL
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt out if you wish.
Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.