http://aplacetotalk.com/privacy-notice
Home
Sessions
Getting Started
Fees & Payments
About
Contact
Information Use and Sharing
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone, and we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email at aplacetotalk@aplacetotalk.com.
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve it. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. All website owners using Google Analytics are required to have a privacy policy that fully discloses the use of Google Analytics. This website uses Google Analytics.
Personal information is information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information. The Google Analytics Terms of Service, which all analytics customers must adhere to, prohibits the tracking or collection of this information using Google Analytics or associating personal information with web analytics information. This website does not collect any personal information.
Website owners that use Google Analytics have control over what data they allow Google to use. They can decide if they want Google to use this data or not by using the Google Analytics Data Sharing Options. When these options allow, the data is used to improve Google products and services. This website does not share its Google Analytics data with Google.
To provide website visitors more choice on how their data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. If you want to opt-out, download and install the add-on for your current web browser. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on is available for Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, and Opera.
Visit the Google Analytics Privacy Overview page to learn more about Google Analytics.
Google reCAPTCHA
We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA v3 for the contact forms on this site to fight spam and abuse. Your use of reCAPTCHA v3 is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Consent, Changes, and Concerns
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
If we make changes to our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on February 19, 2019.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at aplacetotalk@aplacetotalk.com.