https://aptfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Donate
Make a Payment
Careers
Client Portal
Navigation
Primary Care
Substance Use
Mental Health
FAQs
About Us
Policies
Prison Rape Elimination ACT (PREA)
PREA Unanimously passed both houses of Congress in 2003. It was the first federal law to address sexual abuse in detention (prisons, jails, juvenile facilities, lockups, community confinement) requiring data collection efforts, a grant program, a bipartisan commission, and national standards.
No one deserves to be sexually abused
Sexual abuse in detention is unacceptable and not part of the punishment
Tolerating sexual abuse in detention is harmful to individual inmates & to the SA movement
Sexual abuse is a crime no matter where it is committed.
Sexual abuse jeopardizes safety & security of everyone
The APT Foundation maintains a ZERO tolerance policy around rape, sexual abuse, and/or sexual harassment.  You may report any event without fear of retaliation and your report will be held in strict confidence.  To report an event, please feel free to speak with any staff person at your facility that you feel comfortable in making the disclosure.
You may also report to:
Any member of our medical staff: Nursing, Primary Care, or Psychiatry.
Any member of our clinical evaluating staff
The PREA Administrator at (203) 781-4600 during regular business hours (8:30 – 4:30 M-F)
The APT Foundation after-hours Supervisor at (203) 584-9447
Any allegation of sexual abuse or sexual harassment may result in referral for criminal investigation by the CT State Police or other legal authority.
To review the APT Foundation PREA Policies, click here
To see the summary of the APT Foundation’s PREA incidents, click here for 2019, click here for 2018 , click here for 2017 report or click here for 2016 report.
For 2017 PREA Audit report Click Here
To get help or for additional resources, contact the Women’s And Families Center in New Haven, click here.
Effective Date: November 2011
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that appear as part of this site (collectively, the “Contents”) are APT Foundation, Inc.’s intellectual property and protected by copyright, trademark trade dress and/or other intellectual property laws. The Contents are owned, controlled or licensed by APT Foundation Inc.). The site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by APT Foundation Inc are trademarks of APT Foundation, Inc. You may not download, copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the site, or any related software.
Privacy Policy
APT Foundation Inc is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (the phrase “contact information” means any information by which you can be contacted, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of, the information. By using any of our web sites or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, APT Foundation, Inc. support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association’s “Privacy Promise to American Consumers.” We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers’ requests not to share their contact information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers’ requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from APT Foundation Inc.
Collecting Information About You
There may be times when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, and other information.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for preferences, trends, and site usage statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using Information About You
We use your contact information for internal purposes only, such as:
confirming and tracking your payment, donation, subscription, or registration;
analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics;
We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Select Partners.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web sites. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/.
In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to APT Foundation Inc, or to others. We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it.
Opting Out Of Marketing and Transfers; Updating and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to, please let us know by contacting us at 203-781-1775 or by sending us an email. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way.
Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.
Cookies
When you visit our web sites, we send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us. A “cookie” is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A “session cookie” expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A “persistent cookie” stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available. Generally, we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you. We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our services to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, to process your order, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
Certain of our Service Providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Service Providers. In addition, in connection with the services that they provide to us, certain of our Service Providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet. These third parties do not have access to any contact information about you. If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
Security
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our web site uses a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web site, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Protecting Children
APT Foundation, Inc. take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web site is a general audience site. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children’s online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children’s access to the Internet.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any of your information on such site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites, as applicable. Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
Refund/Return Policy – The APT Foundation Inc. does NOT provide a refund for payments to your account for services provided and/or donations made. All payments to your account and/or donations made are FINAL.Your Feedback
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may call us at 203-781-4600
No Appointment Necessary
Turn your life around.
1 Long Wharf Drive, New Haven, CT
203-781-4600
Recent News
APT Physicians Earn Board Certification in Addiction Medicine
APT’s own Drs. Shi and Tetrault both recently became board certified in Addiction Medicine.  They successfully passed the American Board of Preventative Medicine certifying exam and are now specialists in Addiction Medicine in addition to being board certified in Internal Medicine. APT patients and staff alike benefit from their knowledge and experience.
Read More
Dr. Tetrault receives Macy Foundation Award
Jeanette Tetrault, MD, staff physician at CMU and Associate Professor of Medicine At Yale University School of Medicine has been received the Macy Foundation Faculty Scholars Award. The award recognizes the work of innovative educators in medicine and nursing. Macy Faculty Scholars are selected for having demonstrated innovation in health professions education and because they…
Read More
Dancing Mindfulness Training at APT Foundation
APT held Dancing Mindfulness training for staff the week of September 18, 2017.  Staff and patients involved with the training all reported a very positive experience.  Dancing Mindfulness groups will be added to all clinic group schedules soon!
Read More
APT’s 6th Annual Fundraiser Gala
APT hosted its annual Fundraiser Gala at the picturesque Owenego Inn in Branford on Thursday evening, September 14, 2017.  Entertainment was provided by Joni Madden and Andy Cutic and the evening featured live and silent auctions.
Read More
APT HOSTS ITS ANNUAL CLIENT SCHOLARSHIP AWARD CEREMONY
On Wednesday, January 11, 2017, APT Foundation awarded a total of $15,000 in scholarships to sixteen recipients at a ceremony held at Gateway Community College.  Eight people received scholarships to begin or continue their education at various Connecticut Community and State Colleges and Universities.  Four are pursuing certifications in phlebotomy, HVAC and EMT.  One…
Read More
Twitter
Tweets by @APTservices
Today
11We are Closed
This Week
Legion
Saturday Hours: 6:00am - 1:00pm
For Group Schedule
Click Here
Access/ASC
Saturday Hours: No Saturday Hours
For Group Schedule
Click Here
North Haven
Saturday Hours: 6:00am - 1:00pm
For Group Schedule
Click Here
West Haven
Saturday Hours: 6:00am - 1:00pm
For Group Schedule
Click Here