https://arborhospice.org/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Thank you for visiting the Arbor Hospice web site.
Please note that the information presented on these pages is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional medical or other advice. You may want to discuss this information with your health care provider in order to determine whether hospice care may be appropriate in your situation.
Arbor Hospice shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or injury caused in whole or in part by your use of this web site, or for any decision you make or action you take in reliance on information you receive from this web site.
If you submit an electronic message to us, please understand that you do so at your own risk, as such messages may not be secure. If you choose to send any confidential information to us via email, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept this information. We strive to respond to all email requests in a timely manner. You assume all responsibility for any liability arising from such electronic submission. You further agree to release and hold us harmless from any and all liability or cause of action arising from the interception, access or use by a third party of any information submitted electronically by you through this web site or from any errors or omissions in the data you provide.
In addition, the submission of an electronic message to us does not create or constitute any relationship between you and Arbor Hospice (its directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives) or create a communication to which any privilege may attach.
This web site contains links to other sites. All links to external sites are provided for your convenience. The information, products and advertisements contained in the linked sites are neither approved nor endorsed by us, and we are not responsible for such content, products or advertisements. Additionally, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
The text, images, and graphics on this site are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These materials may not be copied in whole or in part for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites.
Copyright 2017 Arbor Hospice All Rights Reserved.
Menu