http://arcuk.org.uk/privacy-policy/
ARC UK Home
Contact us
News
Scheduled Training Courses
Training Portfolio
ARC Blogs
Disclosure Service
Room Hire
ARC UK
Association for Real Change
About ARC
Privacy Notice
Our Work
Services
Active Support Practice Development Service
Disclosure Service
Information Service
Qualifications
WDF Funding
Networking
Representation
The Care Provider Alliance
Projects
History
Strategic Aims
Who’s who at ARC?
Meet the Board of Trustees
Board Meetings and AGMs
Join ARC
Benefits of joining Association for Real Change
ARC Members
Join our Mailing Lists
Training
Training Courses
Training Portfolio
Active Support
Qualifications
Qualifications and Training
ARC Disclosure Service
Workforce Development Funding
Publications
Jobs
Add your job listings
News
Real People Newsletter
ARC Blogs
Resources
Resources
Consultations
Closed Consultations
Briefings and Meetings
RSS Feed
Association for Real Change Privacy Notice
Who we are
The Association for Real Change is a membership organisation supporting anyone who is involved in the planning or delivery of support or services for people with a learning disability.
Our work also benefits people with other support needs such as autism, mental health issues, long-term health problems and physical and sensory disabilities, and we are therefore committed to sharing our learning and experience across all sectors.
Our vision is to promote real change that puts people with learning disabilities at the centre of decision-making, and in the heart of their communities.
Association for Real Change takes your privacy seriously and will only use your information to administer the products and services you have requested from us. We will never sell your data and we promise to keep your details safe and secure.
Why we collect your data
We collect your data when you join us as a member or purchase a product or service (for example a publication or attend an event) from us. We will store personal information such as your name, your organisation’s name, your job title, contact details, as well as additional information relating to your membership, purchase or event booking. Except where personal data is evidently confidential or personally sensitive, ARC may communicate with staff in your organisation (e.g. a personal assistant, or other relevant staff) to administer your purchase or event booking.
ARC processes personal information for certain legitimate business purposes, which include some or all of the following:
To keep you informed of membership benefits (if applicable)
To administer your purchase or event booking
To keep you up to date with ARC services, training, projects and events
To offer you the opportunity to engage with our activities
To respond to queries
To better understand how people use our services
To improve the services, events and publications that we offer and increase our impact
To obtain feedback on any events you have attended to improve future events
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising
When you purchase from us or become an ARC member, we will capture your contact details to provide you with further information from us on a range of relevant topics. We may use the data we hold about you to help us personalise the information that we send to you. For example, we can tailor it to where in the UK you are located and to your professional interests.
How we collect your data
We do this in a number of ways, including where you share information with us. Such as when:
you complete or update your membership details
you make online purchases with us
you provide us details of your staff that you would like to receive information
you provide us with details of delegates booked on to events/training
you send correspondence electronically
We treat your data with the utmost care and take appropriate steps to protect it.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our mailing lists, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about things you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses. You can opt-out (see unsubscribe below) or review and update your preferences at any time.
When we’ll share your data
We will only share your data with third parties where it is essential. Possible examples include:
giving your address to a courier so they can deliver your order
giving your name, employer name and job title to a trainer when you are attending an event so they can record attendance
giving your name, employer name and job title to an assessor when you are undertaking a qualification with ARC
Using our UK Disclosure Service or WDF partnership (England only)
We collect and process only data as required by these services. Each of these work streams adhere by legislation in line with the administration of them. These services have their own requirements and retention periods. Only specific staff members have the authority to handle this sensitive data.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit our website. They allow us to make the website easier to use, to provide you with a more personalised experience, to guard against malicious activities and to ensure any login feature functions correctly. They do not collect personal information about you.
You can remove or block cookies by changing the settings in your browser, but the functionality of the website may be affected.
By using our website, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with this notice. If you do not agree to our use of cookies then we advise you to set your browser settings accordingly.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.arcuk.org.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way that does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Other websites
There may be pages on our websites that include links to websites which are owned and operated by third parties and so which do not operate under this privacy statement. When you access links to other websites, this privacy statement and our privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage visitors to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Know your rights
You have many rights regarding your personal data. These include seeing what data we hold and updating your information. For further information on your rights please refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
Unsubscribing
You can unsubscribe from email communications at anytime by either selecting the ‘unsubscribe’ on the communications you have received or by contacting us via phone or email to contact.us@arcuk.org.uk.
Tweets by ARCEngland
tweets
Tweet
Casinos Not on Gamstop
Betting Sites not on Gamstop
ARC Offices:ARC Cymru (Wales)
ARC Northern Ireland
ARC Scotland
Our WorkARC Publications
ARC Qualifications and Training
Services
Active Support
Workforce Development Funding
Disclosure Service
Quick LinksJoin ARC Now!
News
Privacy Notice
More ARC Sites:Disclosure Service
Giving us a Voice
Here to Stay
Real Change Challenges
Safety Net
About Arras WordPress Theme
© The Association for Real Change (ARC) All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice
Association for Real Change Registered Office: ARC House, Marsden Street, Chesterfield, Derbyshire S40 1JY
Registered Charity No. 285575 Scottish Charity No. SC039129 Registered in England Company No. 01658354