https://ashline.org/privacy-policy/
Arizona Smokers’ Helpline
Privacy Policy
The Arizona Smokers’ Helpline and the University of Arizona consider information about you to be private.
The Arizona Smokers’ Helpline (ASHLine) and the University of Arizona believe that one of the fundamental building blocks in developing a successful organization is a strong sense of respect between the organization and its patrons. Thus, we believe in the strict confidentiality of any information you may provide us as a user of our services and Internet sites.
The following privacy statement has been developed with that purpose in mind. The statement outlines our practices in information gathering and dissemination via our Web site. This statement also provides information required by Arizona law about privacy, confidentiality, and related policies.
Services Provided on Internet Site
The Internet site, ashline.org, provides information on tobacco control, including cessation and prevention topics. The site also provides information on services that are available to the citizens of the State of Arizona through its Tobacco Tax and Health Care Act, disbursed by the Arizona Department of Health Services Bureau of Tobacco and Chronic Disease (ADHS BTCD).
Information Disclosure
Because we are committed to protecting your personal privacy, we will not disclose or sell your personal information to any third parties. You are also not required to submit any personal information to us over the Internet to receive any services.
Information Gathering and Disclosure
No personal identification information (such as your name, e-mail address, or social security number) will be collected unless you choose to provide that information to us. If you choose to share personal information, this may be used for follow-up by the Arizona Smokers’ Helpline (ASHLine) in response to your request for information, services, or other offerings.
When e-mails are received, we will store them on a server so we can respond to them. Unless otherwise required by law, any information you send us will be used only to respond to you or investigate your complaint and will not be provided to parties outside of the Arizona Smokers’ Helpline (ASHLine) or ADHS BTCD. The only entity gathering information from this Internet site is the Arizona Smokers’ Helpline on behalf of ADHS BTCD.
Information Security
The Arizona Smokers’ Helpline (ASHLine) and the University of Arizona maintain security standards and procedures regarding information to prevent loss or alteration of data. Any information you provide to us via e-mail is stored separately from this Internet site and is restricted to employees who process and answer these inquiries as part of their assigned duties. Please note, we do not employ encryption technologies unless otherwise stated.
Forms, Data and Alternatives to Web Delivery
Users of our site will find Web-based forms that allow them to perform a variety of tasks. For example, forms exist to allow users to submit questions, comments, or request additional information about available services. Data is collected and used only to enable delivery of these services. After all personal information has been eliminated, data is analyzed for programmatic evaluation purposes and reported to our funding agencies.
Profile Information
Profile information provided by the user may be used to create personalized content and services on our Internet site. This data may be used by us to generate aggregate reports and in scientific research. Any and all personally identifiable information will be withheld from such reports. If at any time you would like to have profile information removed from our records, you may contact the Arizona Smokers’ Helpline (ASHLine) and make that request.
Server Statistics
The Arizona Smokers’ Helpline (ASHLine) and the University of Arizona also gather technical information from our users’ Internet provider and/or server. This information may be used to help derive usage statistics, diagnose problems with our server, and to learn how to best administer our Web-based services. This information is not used to gather any personal information from our users unless we are legally required to do so by a court or a law enforcement agency.
The following information may be recorded:
Internet address of the computer being used
Web pages requested
Network software access
Referring Web page
Browser used
Date, time and duration of activity
Passwords and accounts accessed
Volume of data storage and transfers
External links
This site may also contain links to other sites that are not under our control. We do not claim any responsibility for the privacy policies or content of other such Internet sites. As a general practice, you should always read the privacy policy of any Internet site before divulging personal information. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the ashline.org Internet site in general, please contact us.
Age Requirement for Use of Web Sites
We believe in the critical need to protect the privacy of personal information provided to our service. This is especially crucial when considering younger Internet users. We fully support and comply with the standards outlined by the Federal Trade Commission’s regulations (effective April 21, 2000), which regard the collection of personal information from individuals under the age of 13.
Our Internet site services were designed primarily for adults and teenagers and may contain content not suitable for those under the age of 13. Specific services on our Internet site may be limited to users who are over the age of 13. In keeping with our overall objective of increased tobacco control and awareness however, there are no age requirements to read general content on the Web site. Therefore, any person, regardless of age, can learn about the hazards of tobacco use and the resources available to help those who use such products, quit.
About ASHLine
We offer free services to help Arizonans quit smoking.
Learn More
About ASHLine
We offer free services to help Arizonans quit smoking.
Learn More
Call 1-800-55-66-222 to get started.