http://asmt.net/to/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Massage Centers privacy policy informs you how we protect and use the information you provide to us through this website. We value your privacy.
Massage Center collects the following information:
Name
City
Phone
Email address
What will we do with the information you provide to us?
A representative from Massage Center will contact you by phone or email in order to provide you with more detailed information about the Massage Therapy programs we offer. We will NOT sell your information to any third parties.
We do not use your information for any market research.
Opting Out
If you no longer wish to receive emails or other communication from Massage Center, you may opt-out by emailing us at Adm@asmt.net or use the “Unsubscribe” button on our emails. You can also call (805) 791-1561 and inform our Admissions Manager that you wish to no longer receive our correspondence.
Modify / Delete personal information
If you wish to modify or delete the information you provided to us (Name, City, Phone, Email address), send an email to Adm@asmt.net or call our Admissions Manager and we will modify or delete your information form our database within 7 business days.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that with your permission will be placed on your computer's hard drive. This does not give us access to any part of your computer or your personal date / files.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Internet browsers are set to automatically accept cookies. You can change these settings in your browser’s preferences.
Cookies help us analyze web traffic and to see which pages of our website are most frequently visited. We gather this information in order to continually improve our website and provide you with the information you are looking for.
Massage Center is an American Massage Therapy Association Council of Schools Member.
Massage Center is an Associated Bodywork and Massage Professional Member
Massage Center is a California Massage Therapy Council Approved School
CAMTC School Code: SCH0009
State School License: 5602121
Licensed to operate by the California State Bureau for Private and Post-Secondary Education | www.bppe.ca.gov
BPPE Annual Report