https://ataxia.org/privacy-disclaimer-statement/
What is Ataxia?
Research
CRC-SCA
Support Groups
About NAF
Blog
Find Events
Ways to Give
Menu
What is Ataxia?
Research
CRC-SCA
Support Groups
About NAF
Blog
Find Events
Ways to Give
Enroll in the Patient Registry
Become a Member
Search
Close
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer Statement
Privacy Policy
Last updated January 2020
The National Ataxia Foundation collects information as a way to further our mission to improve the lives of persons affected by Ataxia through support, education, and research. It is the goal and intent of NAF to protect your privacy. We want you to know what information we collect, how we use it, how that information is protected, and what you should do if you would like to request or update your information. The information provided here summarizes our policy and practices.
Information We Collect
Personal information is information that we can use to identify or contact you. It may include health and other demographic information when you register for membership, events, or other services. We may collect your name, email address, phone number(s), mailing address, date of birth, and personal health information (such as type of Ataxia). Other information that might be collected includes:
Payment processing – We or our service providers collect credit card or bank account information when you provide it at the time of donation or payment for service.
Online services – We or our service providers may capture IP address for the device used to access our site, cookies, or other similar technologies, the type of operating system and browser you use, and information about the site that you came from.
Public community forum – When you provide personal information in a community area or other public forum, we may collect your name or other personal information you voluntarily disclose.
Surveys – We sometimes collect personal opinions about events, services, or programs. Participation is always voluntary.
How We Use Information We Collect
The personal information that you provide allows us to help you on a more personal level. We can better respond to requests, understand your needs, and provide appropriate information or resources. Unless you tell us otherwise, when you provide your information, we will use your information as allowed by law and NAF policies to deliver the programs you are involved with and in furthering our mission. NAF will not willingly provide, sell, trade, share, transfer or in any other way deliberately reveal any private donor information without an individual’s consent with the exception of the organization’s annual report. Individuals that do not wish to be identified in NAF’s annual report may opt-out in writing or by verbal request.
How We Protect Information Provided to Us
NAF is committed to protecting your privacy. We take several security measures to ensure that private, financial, and medical information is protected. Staff and contracted service providers are the only individuals with access to our network where personal data is stored. Our network has multiple security measures in place to protect personal information that include: 1) a fully-licensed SonicWall TZ 300 Firewall/security appliance with IPS and IDS capabilities, 2) access-restricted, Microsoft-hosted SharePoint site, 3) encrypted backups of said SharePoint site stored in StorageCraft Cloud services.
Personal and financial information collected for payments or donations are processed through a third-party service provider. Our service provider, MobileCause, is PCI Level 1 Certified, which is the industry’s highest standard for security and privacy. They have many safeguards in place, both physical and technological measures, to protect data and financial information. Read the MobileCause Privacy Policy for more information.
How to Update Your Information or Contact Us with Questions
Keeping your account information and preferences up-to-date is important to us. You may review your information, request that we exclude your information from communication activity, request that we stop using it, or update certain account information by contacting us at naf@ataxia.org or calling us at 763-553-0020.
Disclaimer Statement
The information and medical advice expressed on this website are not a substitute for conventional medical service. As new research and clinical experience broadens our knowledge, information about Ataxia, treatment, and drug therapy may change. Information on this site should not be used in place of a visit, call, consultation, or advice of your physician or other healthcare provider. The advice is intended to provide only a general basis for a person to discuss their personal medical condition with their health care provider. You should never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read here. If you have a severe medical condition, see your physician of choice.
Contribute Today
Our generous donors help us fund promising Ataxia research and offer support services to people with Ataxia. Your gift today will help us continue to deliver on our mission to improve the lives of persons affected by Ataxia.
Donate Now
Matching Gift and Volunteer Grant information provided by
Become a Member
Join for FREE today! Become a part of the community that is working together to find a cure. As a member you will receive access to the latest Ataxia news with our e-newsletter and Generations publication.
Become A Member
National Ataxia Foundation600 Highway 169 SouthSuite 1725Minneapolis, MN 55426763-553-0020763-553-0167 (Fax)
What is Ataxia?
Ataxia
Symptoms
Treatment
Diagnosis
Genetics
Ataxia Fact Sheets
Neurologist & Ataxia Clinics
Webinars
Research
About Our Research
Help Develop New Treatments
Researcher Resources
CRC-SCA
Events
Ataxia Events Calendar
Annual Ataxia Conference
Joint Mission Bataan to Cure Ataxia
Walk N' Roll to Cure Ataxia
Go The Extra Mile
International Ataxia Awareness Day
Fundraising Kit
Support Groups
Support Groups
Ambassadors
Facebook Support Group
About NAF
About National Ataxia Foundation
NAF Board and Staff
NAF Blog
Media
Annual Report (pdf)
Audited Financials (pdf)
Form 990 (pdf)
Partners
Member Stories
Past Generations Publications
Resources
Neurologists
Ataxia Clinics
International and Other Ataxia Organizations
General Ataxia-Related Resources
Ataxia-Related Books
Ataxia Store
Contact
Contact Info
Email Us
Ways to Give
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer Statement
Position Statements
Stem Cell Research and Therapies
Translate »
Your gift to Ataxia research DOUBLED through December 31st
Contributions to the Annual Research Drive help NAF fund the very best Ataxia research. An anonymous donor will match every dollar donated during this campaign, up to $50,000.
Your donation means more Ataxia research! Thank you for supporting NAF as we seek effective treatments for Ataxia.
Thank you so much!