https://atforum.com/2020/08/samhsa-rule-change-strips-sud-patients-privacy-invites-police-intrusion/
Skip to main content Skip to secondary menu Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Newsletter
News Updates
Addiction Resources
Rx Methadone & Safety
Patient Brochures
Events
Related Websites
The long-awaited final rule revising 42 CFR Part 2—the confidentiality regulation applying to substance use disorder (SUD) treatment records—is out.
The 54-page rule was published in the Federal Register on July 15, and takes effect on August 14. It follows along with the proposal, on which Filter reported last summer when the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), the agency which is supposed to protect patient confidentiality, outlined sweeping changes to the rule.
The confirmed changes allow for Opioid Treatment Programs (commonly referred to as methadone clinics) to input patient information into Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs (PDMPs), which can be accessed not only by medical professionals and pharmacists, but potentially by law enforcement.
Source: Filter
https://filtermag.org/samhsa-patient-privacy/
Primary SidebarUpcoming Events
Evolution of Addiction Treatment
November 3-6, 2020
Los Angeles, California
https://www.theevolutionofaddictiontreatment.com/
American Public Health Association (APHA)
Saturday, October 24, 2020 to Wednesday, October 28, 2020
Virtual
https://www.drugabuse.gov/news-events/meetings-events/2020/10/american-public-health-association-apha-0
View More Upcoming Events…
ATForum.com
Newsletter
News Updates
Addiction Resources
Rx Methadone & Safety
Patient Education Brochures
Events
Related Websites
Addiction Resources
Addiction and Recovery
Addiction Treatment Forum
Books and Booklets of Interest
Drug Screening and Testing
Evidence-Based Addiction Medicine
Government
Health Care Reform
Hepatitis, HIV/AIDS
Medication-Assisted Treatment
Mental Health
Miscellaneous
Online Continuing Education Free Training Modules
FooterAddiction Treatment Forum is produced by an independent medical communications agency. Commercial advertising is not accepted.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Published by
Clinco Communications, Inc.
Phone: 847-651-1144
Contact Us
Follow Us
Sign up for News!
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe to Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Addiction Treatment Forum. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Clinco Communications, Inc., 1808 N. Arlington Heights Road, Arlington Heights, IL, 60004, http://www.atforum.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact