https://atforum.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to secondary menu Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Newsletter
News Updates
Addiction Resources
Rx Methadone & Safety
Patient Brochures
Events
Related Websites
Your privacy is important to Addiction Treatment Forum. We understand that addiction treatment is a personal and private subject, and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our website. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of our website. Please read this carefully. By using the ATForum.com site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Be advised that if you access a third-party site from a link on ATForum.com any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should consult the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Personal Information We Collect
Personal information is information that can be used to identify or contact you. We only collect personal information that you voluntarily provide in e-mails that you send through the following links at our  E-Mail Notification List or “Contact Addiction Treatment Forum.”
We use the information that you provide to respond to questions from you or to send materials or information that you have requested. We also use your information to send you e-mails if you have opted into our website update e-mail notification program. You can always opt-out of receiving such e-mails by sending us an e-mail to ATForum@aol.com requesting that we stop sending these messages to you.
Addiction Treatment Forum does not sell (or provide for free) e-mail addresses, names, mailing addresses, or any other personal information to any Third Parties for their own marketing or information collection purposes.
General Use of Site
You may use our website without registering or submitting any personal information. In that case, the only information we collect will be non-personal information obtained through the use of “Cookies.” These are small computer files transferred to your computer’s hard drive, which allow us to know how often people visit our site and the pages they visit while at our site. The information collected by cookies allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and which are the most popular features of our site. Addiction Treatment Forum does not store any personally identifiable information in any cookies on your computer.
Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. You do not have to accept our cookies in order to productively use our site.
Third parties may use their own cookies when you click a link to their site or service. We do not control the third party use of cookies, or how they manage the information they gather through them. You should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from our site to understand how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies.
Disclosure of Your Information
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Addiction Treatment Forum will not disclose any personal information you submit through our site. However, under certain circumstances, we may be required to release such information: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personal Information to a third party, we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.
Addiction Treatment Forum is published independently.
How Addiction Treatment Forum Handles Privacy & Security Internally
Only a limited number of Addiction Treatment Forum employees are authorized to access your Personal Information. All Addiction Treatment Forum employees must abide by our Privacy Policy and those who violate it are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. Although we will make every reasonable effort to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that thieves could find a way to thwart our security systems or those of our Internet Service Provider (ISP).
Primary SidebarUpcoming Events
Evolution of Addiction Treatment
November 3-6, 2020
Los Angeles, California
https://www.theevolutionofaddictiontreatment.com/
American Public Health Association (APHA)
Saturday, October 24, 2020 to Wednesday, October 28, 2020
Virtual
https://www.drugabuse.gov/news-events/meetings-events/2020/10/american-public-health-association-apha-0
View More Upcoming Events…
ATForum.com
Newsletter
News Updates
Addiction Resources
Rx Methadone & Safety
Patient Education Brochures
Events
Related Websites
Addiction Resources
Addiction and Recovery
Addiction Treatment Forum
Books and Booklets of Interest
Drug Screening and Testing
Evidence-Based Addiction Medicine
Government
Health Care Reform
Hepatitis, HIV/AIDS
Medication-Assisted Treatment
Mental Health
Miscellaneous
Online Continuing Education Free Training Modules
FooterAddiction Treatment Forum is produced by an independent medical communications agency. Commercial advertising is not accepted.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Published by
Clinco Communications, Inc.
Phone: 847-651-1144
Contact Us
Follow Us
Sign up for News!
Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe to Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Addiction Treatment Forum. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Clinco Communications, Inc., 1808 N. Arlington Heights Road, Arlington Heights, IL, 60004, http://www.atforum.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact