http://athealth.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Athealth.com was founded in 1997 by a psychiatrist to provide mental health information and services for mental health professionals and those they serve. We serve an online community of clinicians, academicians, and students committed to meeting the diverse needs of those with mental health concerns.
Your privacy is very important to us. The following information describes our privacy policy and explains how we manage information regarding your use of athealth.com.
Please read the following policy to understand how the information you provide to us will be treated as you make full use of our site. This policy may change from time to time; consequently, you should review this Privacy Policy each time you log into our site.
User Information
When you register, subscribe to one of our newsletters, or purchase a continuing education course, athealth.com collects and stores the information you provide to us so that we can better understand and serve your professional needs. Athealth.com uses this information to:
Measure site activity
Advise you of new or special services and information.
Respond to your requests.
Direct content and educational courses to you in your areas of interest.
Offer you the opportunity to have your name and password "remembered" using "cookie" technology so that you do not have to sign in each time you visit the site, take a continuing education course, or purchase other products.
Keep a record of your continuing education courses, test scores, evaluations, and other data related to your courses.
We do not use cookies or any other technology to track or report on your activity when you are not on the athealth.com website.
Advertisers who place advertisements on our website may place cookies and/or Web beacons on your browser to collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of our website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that are of interest to you.
If you do not wish to have a cookie placed on your browser, you can set your browser to reject all cookies. Instructions on how to set your browser to reject cookies are usually found in the "help" section of your toolbar. However, keep in mind that if you reject cookies, certain functions of our website, such as taking an online CE course or saving your password, may not work properly when you use our site. As an alternative to setting your browser to reject cookies, you could consider using some type of software that routinely sweeps your hard drive to manage unwanted cookies.
We also allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit Network Advertising Choices
Currently we are using Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, click here.
Athealth.com does not sell or provide your e-mail address or customer information to outside parties, except as follows.
In the event that athealth.com or substantially all of its assets were to be acquired by another company, customer information, including your e-mail address, would be one of the transferred assets.
If you register for an online continuing education course through our website, and the course you register for is paid for by an entity other than yourself (for example, by your employer), we provide that entity with your name and professional data, course name and registration/completion dates, and test score so that payment for the course can be made.
If you register for an online continuing education course through our website and use a discount code or organizational code provided by your employer, organization, or other entity, we provide the employer, organization, or other entity with your name and professional data, course name, and registration/completion dates so that these entities can evaluate the success of the discount offer.
Athealth.com does share aggregate information about its users with other parties. Aggregate information is information that describes the habits, usage patterns, and/or demographics of users as a group but does not include the identity or e-mail address of a particular user. For example, a potential sponsor of Friday's Progress Notes may want to know how many practitioners from California subscribe to the newsletter, and we do provide this kind of aggregate information to outside parties.
User Participation and Submissions in Continuing Education
We welcome your participation in the professional dialogue and discussion features of our continuing education programs. You agree that by participating in continuing education discussions, posting questions, or submitting any communications to athealth.com by e-mail, you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such communications has expressly granted, to At Health, Inc., a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, delete, translate, distribute, perform and display the communication alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights to others. You also agree that athealth.com has the right to use your name in association with said information.
Security
We protect the security of your information during a purchase transaction by using secure server software (SSL). The secure server software encrypts the information you send to us.
You will be asked to create a user name and password. It is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure that you sign off when you are finished, particularly if you are using a shared computer.
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please contact us. We always welcome your feedback.