https://austinbiofeedback.com/privacy-policy/
At Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us (See this article to learn more about Privacy Policies.). This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center and how it is used.Log FilesLike many other Web sites, Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web BeaconsAustin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurofeedback Center's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browser's respective websites.
Close this module
Covid-19 Update From Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurotherapy CenterCovid-19 Update: We are now open and seeing both new and current clients. We thank you for your patience as we waited to re-open under safer conditions. We have deep-cleaned the clinic and have CDC recommended protocols in place for staff and clients. Your health and safety are our #1 concern.The pandemic has affected all of us in many ways. At the Austin Biofeedback and EEG Neurotherapy Center, we want for you to know that Lynda, Jennifer, Sandy, and Gerry are here to help you through these challenging times of both COVID-19 and social unrest. Mental health and well-being are crucial during times of stress, isolation, and uncertainty.As licensed psychotherapists as well as board-certified Biofeedback, Neurofeedback, and Neurotherapy clinicians, we are available to work with you with many stress management and trauma therapy “tools” that can help you more effectively deal with anxiety, stress-reactivity and uncertainty. For more information or to schedule an appointment please email us at office@austinbiofeedback.com or call us at 512-794-9355. All calls will be promptly returned.Never see this message again.