https://ava.eu.com/privacy/
Privacy Notice
1.Scope
All data subjects whose personal data is collected, in line with the requirements of the GDPR.
2. Responsibilities
The GDPR Owner is responsible for ensuring that this notice is made available to data subjects prior to Association of Veterinary Anaesthetistscollecting/processing their personal data.
All Employees/Staff of Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists who interact with data subjects are responsible for ensuring that this notice is drawn to the data subject’s attention and their consent to the processing of their data is secured.
3. Privacy notice
3.1 Who are we?
The Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists is an active, enthusiastic group of veterinary surgeons and others (e.g. researchers, technicians, pharmacologists) who share an interest in animal anaesthesia, analgesia and animal welfare. They hold meetings twice a year at various venues in Europe which are open to all those who share their common interest.
Our GDPR Owner and data protection representatives can be contacted directly here:
AVA President – president@ava.eu.com
The personal data we would like to [collect from/process on] you is:
Personal data type: Source (where Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists obtained the personal data from if it has not been collected directly from you, the data subject. Note if the personal data has been accessed from publicly accessible sources)Contact details: Web contact form/Telephone
The personal data we collect will be used for the following purposes:• Follow up of potential membership requests or requests for more information• Query responses
Our legal bases for processing for the personal data include:• Subject gives consent for one or more specific purposes• Processing is for purposes of legitimate interest pursued by controller
3.2 Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified.Consent is not required for Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists to process both types of personal data, but where it is, it must be explicitly given. Where we are asking you for sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting the GDPR owner at Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists.
3.3 Disclosure
Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists will not pass on your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your consent.
3.4 Retention period
Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists will process personal data for no longer than 6 months after a lapse of membership and will store the personal data securely on their premises and in their cloud-based services.
3.5 Your rights as a data subject
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: in the event that Association of Veterinary Anaesthetists refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in clause 3.6 below.
All of the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved (as stated in 3.4 above) in the processing of your personal data.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Supervisory authority contact details
[Data Protection Officer (DPO)] / [GDPR Owner] contact details
Contact Name:
Information Commissioner’s Office
AVA President
Address line 1:
Wycliffe House
Address line 2:
Water Lane
Address line 3:
Wilmslow
Address line 4:
Cheshire
Address line 5:
SK9 5AF
Email:
president@ava.eu.com
Telephone:
0303 123 1113
Document Owner and Approval
The GDPR Owner is the owner of this document and is responsible for ensuring that this record is reviewed in line with the review requirements of the GDPR.
Signature:                                                             Date:
Change History Record
Issue
Description of Change
Approval
Date of Issue
1
Initial issue
Carl Bradbrook
24/9/18
2
Email address update
Carl Bradbrook
24/02/20