http://avsabonline.org/legal/privacy
This website uses cookies to ensure you have the best experience.
Got it!
Learn more
Sign Up
Sign In
Privacy Policy
1. Personal Information
All "personal information" ("personal information" is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion.. If as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which we are allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described below in the section titled "Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences." You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after such notice has been posted for thirty (30) days with the following exception: If at the time you provide personal information to AVSAB Online you are given the opportunity (as you currently are) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by AVSAB Online or by third parties, we will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if AVSAB Online sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or AVSAB Online (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, we may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent.
2. Mandatory Information.
As a visitor to the Site, AVSAB Online may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. Some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
3. Transfer and Collection of Information.
When you submit personal information to the Site, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which AVSAB Online and its affiliates and subsidiaries maintains offices or utilizes hosting services, including, without limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of AVSAB Online. Such vendors are bound by contract not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties.
4. Use of Personal Information.
AVSAB Online may collect your personal information in order to register your rights to use the Site's services. It may also be used to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of the Site and selected third parties unless you have opted out of receiving such communications. AVSAB Online may also use your personal information to analyze use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. In addition, we may also use any communications sent for the purpose of showing Testimonials. You have the right to request that your information not be used in a Testimonial. Such requests must be made in writing and sent to AVSAB Online via e-mail or letter.
5. Opt Out.
AVSAB Online recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site. For this reason, you will have the opportunity to "opt out" of any unsolicited communications that you receive from AVSAB Online or the Site.
6. Use of Cookies.
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card, and enables us to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. (For some Web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies will probably not be able to access those pages.)
7. Consent to "Remember" You.
While we use cookies to track your visit to the Site, and our Web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, AVSAB Online does not generally use this information to identify you personally, except to monitor Site activity for purposes of quality control and compliance. However, if you expressly provide consent for the Site to "remember" the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the site, that unique identifier will be stored on a cookie on your computer, linked to your registration information, and your navigation path around the site will be tracked. We associate this data to understand how our site and services are being used so we can understand our customers and offer appropriate products and services.
These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Florida, U.S.A., including its conflicts of law rules. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by both parties.