http://aweighout.com/privacy-policy
Members’ Portal
Member Login
Log Out
Contact Us
FAQ
A Weigh OutFreedom from Emotional Eating & Food and Weight ObsessionHome
About
Ellen Shuman & Our Approach
Binge Eating Research
Who I Coach
Presentations
Press Room
Emotional & Binge Eating Solution
Coaching & Therapy
Coaching
Therapy for Binge Eating Disorder in Cincinnati
Emotional Eating Help- FREE Phone Seminar with Coach Ellen Shuman
Resources
Phone Seminars
A Weigh Out’s Newsletter; Weigh This Instead!
Articles
Downloads
Resource List
Emotional & Binge Eating Questions
About Membership
Learn About Membership
The Good Life After Emotional & Binge Eating
52 Empowerment Tools
Podcasts
Podcasts & Videos
Affiliates – Earn Free Membership
FAQ
Members’ Portal
Testimonials
Ellen’s Blog
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form or become a Member of the A Weigh Out Members’ Circle.
When ordering or registering as a Member on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order, or join our Members’ Circle, post in our forum, enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (email, address and credit card when applicable, etc.) will be kept on file for as long as you are a Member in good standing, so that we may process any monthly membership fee, for only as long as you are a member.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.aweighout.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on April 30, 2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.aweighout.com
A Weigh Out3444 Aultwoods LnCincinnati, Ohio 45208USAsupport@aweighout.com513-321-4242
This policy is powered by Trust Guard, your PCI compliance authority.
Listen to our FREE Phone Seminar
"5 Essential Steps to Free Yourself From Emotional Eating"Register Here
Free Trial
Try It Free
Get Private Coaching From Ellen
Learn More
Get Ellen's Free Report & Newsletter
#1 Reason Why People FeelOut of Control with Food
We respect your privacy
Site Search
Member Login Status?
You are not currently logged in.Username or Email Address:Password: Remember Me» Lost your Password?
Return to top of page
Services
Emotional & Binge Eating Coaching
Membership Community
Binge Eating Therapy
Featured
Emotional Eating Help
Binge Eating Info
Binge Eating Help
Food Addiction
Overcome Compulsive Eating
Free Resources
Free Phone Seminar
Binge Eating Disorder Articles
Store
Help
FAQ
Contact Us
Member Login
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Ellen Shuman & Our Approach
Press Room
Copyright © 2020 · Lifestyle Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
* As is the case with all coaching, self-guided membership programs, and psychotherapy, individual results may vary.Copyright © 2020 A Weigh Out. All Rights Reserved.