https://bafound.org/for-caregivers/how-can-i-help/
Give now
Brain Aneurysm Awareness
About Brain Aneurysms
Brain Aneurysm Basics
Understanding the Brain
Warning Signs/Symptoms
Statistics and Facts
Causes/Risk Factors
Unruptured Aneurysm Basics
Ruptured Aneurysm Basics
Pediatric Aneurysms
Diagnosis and Screening
Diagnosis
Screening: Familial Aneurysms
Treatment
Unruptured Aneurysms
Ruptured Aneurysms
Surgical Treatment: Clipping
Endovascular Treatment
Advances in Endovascular Treatment
About AVM
About Us
BAF at a Glance
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Staff
Press Releases
Annual Reports
Tax Returns and Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Education
Publications
Resources
Webinars
Video
Blog
News
Newsletters
Books
Patient Support
Patient Resource Directory
Assistive Devices
Disability Resources
Government Assistance Programs
Legal Aid
Service Organizations
Transportation Issues
Recovery
Physical Changes
Social and Emotional Changes
Potential Deficits
Memory
Returning to Work and School
Aids to Recovery
Support Groups
Rehabilitation
Types of Rehabilitation
How to Choose a Rehabilitation Facility
Recovery at Home
Returning to Work
Impact on Relationships
Dealing with Financial Issues
Common Questions
How Long Until I Get Better?
Why am I so Tired?
How Do I Deal With Depression?
Learning Principles to Aid Recovery
The Memory Book
Support
Search Support Groups
Coping with Loss
Webinar Events
For Caregivers
How Can I Help
Resources for Caregiving
Dealing with Emotional Distress
Personal Stories
BAF Mobile App
Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Community
Ways to Help
2020 Global Brain Aneurysm Challenge
Events
Virtual Events – New
Webinar Events
Advocacy, Memorial, Other Ways to Help
Research
Research & Grants
Research Grant Awards
Chairs of Research
The Shirley Dudek Demmer Chair of Research
Cynthia Lynn Sherwin Chair of Research
Timothy P. Susco Chair of Research
The Christopher C. Getch, MD Chair of Research
Carol W. Harvey Memorial Chair of Research
Kristen’s Legacy of Love Chair of Research
Fight Like Frank Chair of Research
The Thomas J. Tinlin Chair of Research
The Danielle Lebron Guzman Chair of Research
The Strode Family Chair of Research
Sharon Epperson Chair of Research
Amy Harris Core Chair of Research
Taylor J. Richelsen Chair of Research
Applying for a Research Grant
Publications on BAF Funded Research Projects
Clinical Research Trials
Give Now
In My Area
Set my location
Support groups
AdventHealth Brain Aneurysm Support Group
Winter Park, FL
Learn more
Baltimore Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Group
Lutherville-Timonium, MD
Learn more
Bay Area Aneurysm and Vascular Malformation Support Group
San Francisco, CA
Learn more
How Can I Help
As the caregiver, you will require many tools to help your loved one recover. Your education in this process is essential for your own welfare as well as the survivor’s well-being.
You will need to set up and execute a rehabilitation treatment plan with direction from a neuropsychologist or other trained rehabilitation professional. This information will be invaluable once the aneurysm survivor has returned home. You should be educated about how to create an ideal environment for rehabilitation progress.
You and your survivor will benefit from working systematically toward planned goals. Those who have no plan sense their lack of direction and become easily discouraged. There are a few important learning principles that you, as the caregiver, should understand:
Treatment Plan – A good treatment plan identifies problem areas and breaks these issues into manageable steps. For example, a survivor who has problems getting dressed in the morning (due to problems with decision-making, organization, and speed) can learn to select clothing and organize the process by addressing each part of the problem at a time. The most effective treatment plan involves active participation by you during the initial phases of new learning, with gradual withdrawal of support as the survivor learns new habits.
Survivor Goals – It is important for you to determine the survivor’s goals from a short–term perspective, one behavior at a time. Large paces make it impossible to work on small steps. Patience is a necessary part of the process, as many failures have to be endured to achieve mastery of any skill. Remind your survivor that failures are a necessary part of improvement, rather than something to be ashamed of or embarrassed about.
Positive Feedback – Progress is generally made when the survivor feels good about accomplishments. Remember to use reinforcements and rewards, to encourage step-by-step progress. Almost everyone responds well to encouragement and approval. We all shrink from angry words and harsh criticism. Punishment, sharp words, criticism, and disapproval are never effective and will only yield side effects such as anger, avoidance, and aggression. A rewarding atmosphere leads to high levels of hope and increased levels of effort.
As the caregiver, you want to see your loved one function independently and successfully. You will need to take advantage of all the support that is available to help you to reach that goal. It will take patience, kindness, and persistence for you and your survivor to achieve results. Always remember that it is possible to see your loved one make great progress in his or her recovery.
This site uses cookies
Our site uses cookies to personalize features and, via third-parties, to collect metrics on usage so that we can better tailor our site to the needs of our users. You can view our full cookie and privacy policies via the links below. To fully experience our site, please click Accept.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accept
Send Us a Message
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscit. Aenean ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis atoque penatibus.
Error message goes here. You must complete all required fields.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Subject
-- Select One --
3
4
5
Message*
Submit
Connect with Us
Please submit the form below to send us a message.
First Name*
Last Name*
Your Email* Please leave this field empty.
SubjectSite FeedbackPersonal StoryVolunteer InquiryGeneral Inquiry
Message*
5000
Share With Friend
Share to*
Your Message*
Submit
Contact Organizer
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit
Send Message
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit