https://bafound.org/patient-resource-directory/legal-aid/
Give now
Brain Aneurysm Awareness
About Brain Aneurysms
Brain Aneurysm Basics
Understanding the Brain
Warning Signs/Symptoms
Statistics and Facts
Causes/Risk Factors
Unruptured Aneurysm Basics
Ruptured Aneurysm Basics
Pediatric Aneurysms
Diagnosis and Screening
Diagnosis
Screening: Familial Aneurysms
Treatment
Unruptured Aneurysms
Ruptured Aneurysms
Surgical Treatment: Clipping
Endovascular Treatment
Advances in Endovascular Treatment
About AVM
About Us
BAF at a Glance
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Staff
Press Releases
Annual Reports
Tax Returns and Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Education
Publications
Resources
Webinars
Video
Blog
News
Newsletters
Books
Patient Support
Patient Resource Directory
Assistive Devices
Disability Resources
Government Assistance Programs
Legal Aid
Service Organizations
Transportation Issues
Recovery
Physical Changes
Social and Emotional Changes
Potential Deficits
Memory
Returning to Work and School
Aids to Recovery
Support Groups
Rehabilitation
Types of Rehabilitation
How to Choose a Rehabilitation Facility
Recovery at Home
Returning to Work
Impact on Relationships
Dealing with Financial Issues
Common Questions
How Long Until I Get Better?
Why am I so Tired?
How Do I Deal With Depression?
Learning Principles to Aid Recovery
The Memory Book
Support
Search Support Groups
Coping with Loss
Webinar Events
For Caregivers
How Can I Help
Resources for Caregiving
Dealing with Emotional Distress
Personal Stories
BAF Mobile App
Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Community
Ways to Help
2020 Global Brain Aneurysm Challenge
Events
Virtual Events – New
Webinar Events
Advocacy, Memorial, Other Ways to Help
Research
Research & Grants
Research Grant Awards
Chairs of Research
The Shirley Dudek Demmer Chair of Research
Cynthia Lynn Sherwin Chair of Research
Timothy P. Susco Chair of Research
The Christopher C. Getch, MD Chair of Research
Carol W. Harvey Memorial Chair of Research
Kristen’s Legacy of Love Chair of Research
Fight Like Frank Chair of Research
The Thomas J. Tinlin Chair of Research
The Danielle Lebron Guzman Chair of Research
The Strode Family Chair of Research
Sharon Epperson Chair of Research
Amy Harris Core Chair of Research
Taylor J. Richelsen Chair of Research
Applying for a Research Grant
Publications on BAF Funded Research Projects
Clinical Research Trials
Give Now
In My Area
Set my location
Support groups
AdventHealth Brain Aneurysm Support Group
Winter Park, FL
Learn more
Baltimore Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Group
Lutherville-Timonium, MD
Learn more
Bay Area Aneurysm and Vascular Malformation Support Group
San Francisco, CA
Learn more
Legal Aid
Legal Aid
You may qualify for free legal assistance in civil cases, depending on your income and the type of legal problem you have. The types of cases handled by legal services lawyers include: domestic relations, housing, access to government benefits, and employment discrimination. You can find free legal assistance in the government pages of your phone book.
Legal Aid Societies and Agencies
Legal aid societies are staffed by lawyers, paralegals, and other professionals who are trained in poverty law issues and are prepared to help people with various legal issues that, for example, may center around domestic violence, housing issues, consumer matters, or maintenance of benefits questions.
Because each state handles legal aid differently, your best bet is to use the Internet and do a search for your state’s legal aid. You will be directed to your state’s legal aid society or Bar Association- both provide free legal advice and other services in non-criminal cases to low income people. You can also look in the telephone book under “Legal Aid.” The drawback is that the demand generally far outweighs the resources so you may wait for a long time. Also, many law schools have free legal clinics, so check schools near you.
Legal Services Corporation (LSC)
LSC is a not-for-profit organization founded in 1974, and funded 100% by Congress. Its mission is to promote equal access to the courts by making grants to provide high-quality civil legal assistance for those who could not otherwise afford legal counsel. Applicant’s income should not exceed 125% of the poverty guidelines by family size determined by the Department of Health and Human Services. To find an LSC office near you, click here.
Contact
Legal Services Corporation
3333 K Street, NW, 3rd Floor
Washington, DC 20007-3522
Tel: 202-295-1500
Fax:202-337-6797
E-mail: info@lsc.gov
Legal Help for Persons with Disabilities
The Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund (DREDF) is a national law and policy center dedicated to protecting and advancing the civil rights of people with disabilities through legislation, litigation, advocacy, technical assistance, and education and training of attorneys, advocates, persons with disabilities, and parents of children with disabilities.
Contact
Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund
2212 Sixth Street
Berkeley, CA 94710
Toll free 800-348-4232 (v/tty)
Tel 510-644-2555 (v/tty)
Fax 510-841-8645
E-mail info@dredf.org
This site uses cookies
Our site uses cookies to personalize features and, via third-parties, to collect metrics on usage so that we can better tailor our site to the needs of our users. You can view our full cookie and privacy policies via the links below. To fully experience our site, please click Accept.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accept
Send Us a Message
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscit. Aenean ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis atoque penatibus.
Error message goes here. You must complete all required fields.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Subject
-- Select One --
3
4
5
Message*
Submit
Connect with Us
Please submit the form below to send us a message.
First Name*
Last Name*
Your Email* Please leave this field empty.
SubjectSite FeedbackPersonal StoryVolunteer InquiryGeneral Inquiry
Message*
5000
Share With Friend
Share to*
Your Message*
Submit
Contact Organizer
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit
Send Message
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit