https://bafound.org/ways-to-help/
Give now
Brain Aneurysm Awareness
About Brain Aneurysms
Brain Aneurysm Basics
Understanding the Brain
Warning Signs/Symptoms
Statistics and Facts
Causes/Risk Factors
Unruptured Aneurysm Basics
Ruptured Aneurysm Basics
Pediatric Aneurysms
Diagnosis and Screening
Diagnosis
Screening: Familial Aneurysms
Treatment
Unruptured Aneurysms
Ruptured Aneurysms
Surgical Treatment: Clipping
Endovascular Treatment
Advances in Endovascular Treatment
About AVM
About Us
BAF at a Glance
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Staff
Press Releases
Annual Reports
Tax Returns and Financial Statements
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Education
Publications
Resources
Webinars
Video
Blog
News
Newsletters
Books
Patient Support
Patient Resource Directory
Assistive Devices
Disability Resources
Government Assistance Programs
Legal Aid
Service Organizations
Transportation Issues
Recovery
Physical Changes
Social and Emotional Changes
Potential Deficits
Memory
Returning to Work and School
Aids to Recovery
Support Groups
Rehabilitation
Types of Rehabilitation
How to Choose a Rehabilitation Facility
Recovery at Home
Returning to Work
Impact on Relationships
Dealing with Financial Issues
Common Questions
How Long Until I Get Better?
Why am I so Tired?
How Do I Deal With Depression?
Learning Principles to Aid Recovery
The Memory Book
Support
Search Support Groups
Coping with Loss
Webinar Events
For Caregivers
How Can I Help
Resources for Caregiving
Dealing with Emotional Distress
Personal Stories
BAF Mobile App
Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Community
Ways to Help
2020 Global Brain Aneurysm Challenge
Events
Virtual Events – New
Webinar Events
Advocacy, Memorial, Other Ways to Help
Research
Research & Grants
Research Grant Awards
Chairs of Research
The Shirley Dudek Demmer Chair of Research
Cynthia Lynn Sherwin Chair of Research
Timothy P. Susco Chair of Research
The Christopher C. Getch, MD Chair of Research
Carol W. Harvey Memorial Chair of Research
Kristen’s Legacy of Love Chair of Research
Fight Like Frank Chair of Research
The Thomas J. Tinlin Chair of Research
The Danielle Lebron Guzman Chair of Research
The Strode Family Chair of Research
Sharon Epperson Chair of Research
Amy Harris Core Chair of Research
Taylor J. Richelsen Chair of Research
Applying for a Research Grant
Publications on BAF Funded Research Projects
Clinical Research Trials
Give Now
In My Area
Set my location
Support groups
AdventHealth Brain Aneurysm Support Group
Winter Park, FL
Learn more
Baltimore Brain Aneurysm Foundation Support Group
Lutherville-Timonium, MD
Learn more
Bay Area Aneurysm and Vascular Malformation Support Group
San Francisco, CA
Learn more
Ways to Help
You can make a difference and help raise awareness through donating money, time, and support to those who need your help. With your support, we can start making a real investment to help fight the devastation caused by brain aneurysms and we can save lives.
Advocacy
How can you help secure more federal funding for brain aneurysm research?
Please reach out to your Senators and Congresspeople on Capitol Hill to ask them to support the FY 2021 Appropriation’s language request seeking $25 million to be used for research to prevent brain aneurysm ruptures and save lives.
How can you support research funding with Ellie's Law?
Contact your legislator to sign onto Ellie’s Law.  This law (H.R. 594 & S. 864 would provide the first ongoing dedicated research funding stream for breakthroughs in preventing potentially fatal brain aneurysms from rupturing and improving the long-term medical consequences and quality of life issues for aneurysm survivors.
How can you help to make September Brain Aneurysm Awareness month?
Help us by sending an email or tweeting at your state legislator in hopes of them making this declaration in your state.
Take Action Here
Memorial Pages
Many families have indicated a desire to honor their loved ones that have been tragically lost due to a brain aneurysm by establishing a Memorial in their name. Creating a Memorial page allows you to create a living memorial of a loved one that has passed due to a brain aneurysm. You can personalize the memorial page with a photo, stories about their life for family and friends to read, as well as allowing them to share their own messages of remembrance. They will also have an opportunity to make a donation to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation.
You can get started setting up your own memorial page or to find a memorial page already created for a loved one lost to an aneurysm by clicking the button below.
Get Started
Fundraising
Set Up Your Own 2020 BRAINPOWER Fundraising Page
You can make your own personal fundraising page in memory or in honor of a loved one to raise money to support the mission of the Brain Aneurysm Foundation.
BrainPOWER members use the power of giving to make a real difference in the lives of those affected by brain aneurysms. No matter how you choose to get involved, as a BrainPOWER member, you’ll be empowering the vital work of the Brain Aneurysm Foundation and helping to bring more education and awareness, support and research focused on reducing the incidence of brain aneurysm ruptures.
Being part of the BrainPOWER campaign makes fundraising easy and fun and there are unlimited opportunities to make a real difference. As part of the funraising initiative, you can turn your next marathon, golf tournament, walk, or other event into an opportunity to support the work of the Brain Aneurysm Foundation.
Be a part of the team that will cross the finish line in the race to reduce brain aneurysm ruptures. BrainPOWER members inspire action in others by participating in a variety of different physical challenges including walking, biking, running, swimming and more.
BrainPOWER members all over are planning fundraising events or participating in athletic events in support of brain aneurysm awareness and research. No matter what you choose to do, and it does not need to be an athletic event, we're available to help and support you. Need some ideas to get started, visit our Event Planning Guide.
You can get started setting up your own BrainPower page or to find a page already created by clicking the button below.
Get Started
To search for a BrainPower page from 2019 click here
To search for a BrainPower page from 2018 click here
To search for a BrainPower page from 2017 or prior click here
For any questions or assistance in starting a fundraising activity, please send us a message.
Online Store
Shop Here
Volunteer
How can you help? Find out what fundraising events are scheduled for the upcoming year in your area and how you can become a brain aneurysm activist. Increase brain aneurysm awareness in your community. Distribute our awareness materials in your community and our PSA to your local media outlets. Urge your Congressional and state representatives to support brain aneurysm awareness and research funding through legislative actions. Help to prevent others from suffering from the effects of brain aneurysm ruptures on an individual, a family, and a community.
Send us a message
Support Canada
Support Canada
Matching Gifts
Many companies sponsor matching gift programs and will match the charitable donations made by their employees. If your company is eligible, request a matching gift from your employer, and we will do the rest. The impact of your gift to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation may be doubled or possibly tripled! Some companies match gifts made by retirees and/or spouses.
To find out if your company has a matching gift policy, please enter your employer's name below.
Support TeamCindy
TeamCindy honors the life of Cynthia Lynn Sherwin and promotes widespread public awareness of the dangers of a ruptured brain aneurysm – the sudden and silent killer that took her life and the lives of thousands of others each year. Cindy was a dedicated athlete, marathoner and triathlete. She was struck down at the young age of 33 while training for her first Ironman, Lake Placid 2007.
Your generous support helps us to provide a TeamCindy Research Grant. Click here to read more!
Support TeamCindy
Donate a Vehicle
Donating your car, truck, van, SUV, boat, motorcycle, ATV, RV, trailer or airplane has never been easier! Simply choose the Brain Aneurysm Foundation to donate to, give us a call, and our trained staff will guide you through the donation process. Call CARS (Charitable Adult Rides & Services) at 1-855-500-RIDE or choose us at your charity online and we'll do the rest. Schedule a free pick up from anywhere
From one of our supporters: "Highly recommend- a win-win for everyone.  I'm usually a tough customer, but donation process was seamless."
Donate Now
Amazon Smile
AmazonSmile is a website operated by Amazon with the same products, prices, and shopping features as Amazon.com. The difference is that when you shop on AmazonSmile, the AmazonSmile Foundation will donate 0.5% of the purchase price of eligible products to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation.
Shop to benefit the Brain Aneurysm Foundation now
Others Way to Give
Combined Federal Campaign (CFC)
The Brain Aneurysm Foundation is a proud participant in the Combined Federal Campaign, the largest at-work giving campaign, where Federal, Military and Postal Employees can give to charity through payroll deduction. Please remember BAF in your giving plan. Our CFC number is 74342.
Planned Giving
You can support the Brain Aneurysm Foundation in a variety of ways, including through your estate. Including the Brain Aneurysm Foundation in your estate plan will not only assist you in reaching and achieving your own philanthropic and charitable giving goals, but it will also allow the BAF to continue its mission of providing critical awareness, education, and research funding to reduce the incidence of brain aneurysm ruptures.
There are many charitable planned giving options available to you. For example, you can make a planned gift to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation by naming the Brain Aneurysm Foundation as a beneficiary of your last will and testament, life insurance policy or retirement plan.
You can also name the Brain Aneurysm Foundation as a beneficiary of a charitable trust. Your attorney or financial advisor can advise you of the various types of charitable trusts and assist you in establishing a trust that is tailored to your personal needs.
Send us a message
eBay for Charity
Through eBay for Charity you can support the causes that matter most to you by buying and selling on eBay.
Click here for our page
Donations by Check
To make a donation by check please download the form here and send to:
The Brain Aneurysm Foundation
269 Hanover St Building 3
Hanover, MA  02339
This site uses cookies
Our site uses cookies to personalize features and, via third-parties, to collect metrics on usage so that we can better tailor our site to the needs of our users. You can view our full cookie and privacy policies via the links below. To fully experience our site, please click Accept.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accept
Send Us a Message
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscit. Aenean ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis atoque penatibus.
Error message goes here. You must complete all required fields.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Subject
-- Select One --
3
4
5
Message*
Submit
Connect with Us
Please submit the form below to send us a message.
First Name*
Last Name*
Your Email* Please leave this field empty.
SubjectSite FeedbackPersonal StoryVolunteer InquiryGeneral Inquiry
Message*
5000
Share With Friend
Share to*
Your Message*
Submit
Contact Organizer
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit
Send Message
Your Name*
Your email*
Message
Submit