https://basp.org/policy/rules/
Home >> Policy >> Rules
BASP Rules
1.  Name
The society shall be called the British Association of Stroke Physicians.
2.  Objective
The objective of the Association is to promote the advancement of Stroke Medicine within Great Britain and, in so doing, to improve the healthcare provided to patients with stroke and at risk of stroke. This it shall do by:
Promoting the education of trainee doctors in Stroke Medicine to fully prepare them to take a leading role in the management of stroke patients and organisation of services
Being available to respond to the requests of other organisations for advice on matters relating to stroke medicine
Providing expert advice regarding stroke health policy and service
Encouraging members to provide and organise education and training opportunities in their locality for all professionals interested in stroke
Facilitating research by forming an informal network of researchers and possible collaborators
Organising meetings at which research, service development, and training issues relevant to Stroke Medicine can be presented and discussed and which may be organised in association with other
3. Membership
The Association shall consist of full, associate, affiliate and honorary members.
Those physicians who hold a substantive Consultant post, or equivalent, an Associate Specialist post or a senior Specialty Doctor post and who have an interest in Stroke Medicine may apply to become a Full Member of the Association.
Those physicians who are in training grades or who hold a substantive post at other than Consultant grade, or equivalent, and who have an interest in Stroke Medicine (but are ineligible for full membership) may apply to become an Associate Member of the
Any other person, whether or not medically qualified, who has a demonstrable interest in Stroke Medicine, may apply to become an Affiliate Member of the Association. The number of Affiliate Members will be subject to annual review by the Executive Committee and may be capped.
Honorary membership of the Association may be offered to those persons, whether or not medically qualified, who have made an outstanding contribution to Stroke Election to honorary membership of the Association will follow two nominations plus election at any BASP Executive committee meeting.
Applications for full, associate or affiliate membership should be sent to the Association’s secretary in writing with a copy of their curriculum The Executive Committee will decide which applicants should be entered on the roll of Members.
4.  Subscription
Annual subscription shall be set by members of the Executive Committee in the light of the financial situation of the Association, and after taking advice from the Honorary Treasurer. A change in subscription shall be ratified at the next Annual General Meeting of the Association. It should be paid by direct debit. Non- payment of the subscription within 12 months may be considered by the Executive Committee as equivalent to resignation.
5.  Office Bearers:
The Officers of the Association shall consist of the President, President-Elect, the Honorary Secretary, the Honorary Assistant Secretary, the Honorary Treasurer, the Chairman of the Training and Education Subcommittee, the Chairman of the Scientific Subcommittee, and the Chairman of the Clinical Standards
The office and person of President and President-Elect should represent and promote the legitimate interests and aspirations of the Association and its members in all clinical, scientific, educational and political matters relevant to Stroke Medicine, both nationally and The office of President-Elect shall be tenable for two years followed by a two year term as President, subject to ratification by the AGM.
The Honorary Assistant Secretary should be elected for a maximum of three years followed by a three year term as Honorary Secretary, subject to ratification by the AGM.
The Honorary Treasurer should be elected for a period of three years and shall be eligible for re- election for a further three
The Training and Education, Scientific, and Clinical Standards Subcommittees shall each comprise a chairman and four other elected full members. Elected members shall hold posts for three years and will not be able to seek immediate re-election to that subcommittee . The members of each subcommittee shall elect their next Chairman from within their number, 12 months prior to the end of their present Chairman’s term, who will then be eligible to serve on that subcommittee for a further three years.
The Executive Committee of the Association shall consist of the President, President-Elect, the Honorary Secretary, the Honorary Assistant Secretary, the Honorary Treasurer, the Chairman of the Training and Education Subcommittee, the Chairman of the  Scientific Subcommittee, the Chairman of the Clinical Standards Subcommittee, the Chairman of the Trainees Group , and five other members who are not concurrently members of any of the subcommittees of the (Welsh, Northern Irish, Scottish (one each) and two English Ordinary Members, each elected by the entire BASP membership). Individual members would be eligible to stand for one of the national Ordinary Member posts if they were working in the relevant nation at the time of the election. A quorum  of  five  voting  members  will  be  necessary  to  validate  decisions  made  by  Executive Committee
The Officers of the Association and the members of the Executive Committee, Training and Education, Scientific, and Clinical Standards Subcommittees shall be nominated and elected by full members of the Association. The Trainees Group shall elect a Chairman as their non-voting representative on the Executive Committee.
Nominations will be accepted from any full member of the Association except in the case of the President-Elect when the support of five other full members of the Association will be
Elections shall be organised as required by the Honorary Secretary and conducted by electronic ballot prior to the Annual General Meeting of the
The Executive Committee and other subcommittees may co-opt other members (full or associate), without voting rights, to attend their
If a member of the Executive Committee is unable to continue in office for any reason, that Committee shall have the power to nominate a successor to hold office until the next Annual General Communication with the membership of the Association will be the responsibility of the Honorary Secretary, who will circulate a regular newsletter and oversee the updating, accuracy and maintenance of a website.
Elected members should make every effort to attend all At the discretion of the relevant Chair, members failing to attend two consecutive meetings with apologies or one meeting without apologies will be contacted and if unable to demonstrate their commitment to attend future meetings will reluctantly be asked to stand down. The resulting vacancy may be filled by means of co-option pending the next election opportunity. The Executive Committee will be asked to ratify any decision.
6.  The Subcommittees
The subcommittees, including the Trainee’s Group, shall report to the Executive Committee through their respective Chairman.
The subcommittees shall be as follows;
(i) Clinical Standards Committee
(ii)Training and Education Committee
(iii)Scientific Committee
(iv)Trainees Group
7.  Annual General Meeting :
The agenda for the Annual General Meeting of the Association should be sent to full members at least one week before the meeting is
The majority of votes on a show of hands of those full members present will be required to ratify decisions at the Annual General Meeting, unless otherwise demanded by the Chairman of the
The rules of the Association cannot be changed without a majority vote of the entire full However, by-laws including the setting of the annual subscription may be ratified by simple majority of those in attendance at the Annual General Meeting. By-laws may be proposed by the Executive Committee or by at least six full members in writing. In the latter case, the proposal must reach the Honorary Secretary four weeks before the date of the Annual General Meeting and should be circulated to each full member at least one week before the meeting at which it is to be brought forward.
8.  Finances
The income and property of the Association when-so-ever derived shall be applied solely towards promotion of the objects of the Association set forth in the rules and no portion thereof shall be paid or transferred directly or indirectly by way of dividend or otherwise howsoever by way of profit to members of the
Provided that nothing herein shall prevent the payment in good faith of reasonable and probable remuneration to any office or servant of the Association or to any member of the Association in return for any services rendered to the Association nor prevent the payment of interest at a rate not exceeding 4% per annum on money lent or reasonable and proper rent for premises demised or let by any member at the Association.
If upon the winding or dissolution of this Association there remains after the satisfaction of all its debts and liabilities any property whatsoever, the same shall not be paid or distributed amongst the members of the Association but shall be given or transferred to some other institution having objects similar to the objects of the Association which shall prohibit the distribution of its, or their, income or property amongst its, or their members to an extent at least as great as imposed on the Association under or by virtue of the last proceeding rule such institutional institutions to be determined by the members of the Association at or before the time of dissolution and if and so far as affect cannot be given to such provisions then to some charitable object.
The Association should be independent and its views shall not be compromised as a consequence of its relationship with commercial
You can download the BASP Rules Here
Privacy Policy
Rules
Terms of Use
Patients & Carers
If you are a patient or carer seeking advice about stroke, please visit our patients and carers page.
MORE INFORMATION
News
Stay up to date with the latest news and community papers published by BASP.
READ MORE
Events
Find out what events/conferences are taking place in and around your area regarding your fields of interest.
READ MORE
Become a Member
Would you like to join us? The British Association of Stroke Physicians are advancing stroke medicine and helping to promote better care for people with stroke in the UK.
READ MORE
About us
HistoryObjectivesExecutivesAffiliated Societies
What we do
SectionsTraining & DevelopmentAwards, Fellowships & BursariesBecome a Member
Policy
RulesPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Resources
BASP PublicationsUseful LinksContact Us