https://bcaction.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to Navigation Menu
Donate Today
Your support is crucial to ending the breast cancer epidemic.
Privacy Policy
Share this: Facebook Twitter Email Gmail Yahoo! MailBreast Cancer Action is committed to preserving your privacy and safeguarding your credit card and other sensitive information. The following statement describes our general information-gathering and usage practices.
Breast Cancer Action does not sell, trade, or rent your e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or other personal information.
Breast Cancer Action may track information as to which of our website pages are being visited and used so we can make decisions about the design and use of the site.
Information collected on the “Volunteer” pages on the site will be used only to recruit volunteers for Breast Cancer Action. It will not be shared with other organizations or individuals.
Making an online donation will automatically add you to the list of people who receive our quarterly newsletter. If you wish to be removed from this list, contact us using the information below. We do not share our donor list with any third parties.
If you cannot make a donation but wish to receive our bimonthly newsletter, simply fill out the subscription form. This information will be used to fulfill your subscription request and will not be shared with any third parties.
Whenever Breast Cancer Action handles information that you enter on our website, regardless of where this occurs, we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Breast Cancer Action cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
…………………………………………………………………………………………………
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the Breast Cancer Action website, or your dealings with our website, please contact:
Breast Cancer Action
548 Market St
PMB 17179
San Francisco, California 94104-5401
Phone: 415/243-9301
E-mail: info@bcaction.org
…………………………………………………………………………………………………
Printer friendlyShare this: Facebook Twitter Email Gmail Yahoo! Mail
News Feed
Dec 10 2020
SABCS 2020: Disparities and Doctors’ Disconnect
By Karuna Jaggar, Former Executive Director and SABCS Guest Writer
Multiple studies show that Black people are consistently under-medicated for pain, whether during dental work or cancer treatment. At my first ASCO Breast Cancer... ... read more
Dec 10 2020
SABCS 2020: Meditation and More
By Tibby Reas Hinderlie, Communications Officer
As a former yoga and meditation instructor I was immediately drawn to Dr. Patricia Ganz’s session on mindfulness at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium (SABCS). I still maintain an... ... read more
Dec 10 2020
Watchdog work means we must be fearless
By Marj Plumb, Interim Executive Director
Breast Cancer Action is the watchdog of the breast cancer movement. This October, we took that role to a new level with our Think Before You Pink® campaign, We Can’t Be... ... read more
Top
Take Action
Attend an Event
Ways to Give
About BCAction
Mission, Vision, Values
In the News
Social Justice
Priorities & Theory of Change
Policy on Conflicts of Interest & Corporate Donations
History & Accomplishments
Board of Directors
Meet the Staff
Employment Opportunities
Strategic Plan 2014-2019
Annual Report
Media
Contact Us
Our Take on Breast Cancer
Universal Healthcare
Breast Cancer and Environment
Don’t Frack With Our Health
Inequities and Social Justice
Human Gene Patents
Patients Before Profits
What is “Pinkwashing”?
Screening
Treatment
Educational Resources
Information & Resource Service
Why We Must Stop Fossil Fuels
Toolkit to Navigate Breast Cancer
Podcasts
Webinars
Fact Sheets & Toolkits
Additional Support
Writings of Barbara Brenner
Think Before You Pink® 2020
The EPA
The FDA
The NCI
The DOJ
Volunteer
Blog
The Source
Search our website
Sign Up With Us
Stay on track with all the important news and updates BCAction is famous for!
Sign Up
Donate Today
Your support is crucial to ending the breast cancer epidemic.
a project of Breast Cancer Action
Breast Cancer Action
548 Market St
PMB 17179
San Francisco, California 94104-5401 US
find us on Facebook
follow us on Twitter
[P] 415.243.9301
[F] 415.243.3996
[E] info@bcaction.org
Sign Up With Us
Stay on track with all the important news and updates BCAction is famous for!
© 2000–2020 | Breast Cancer Action
Breast Cancer Action ® is a registered trademark of Breast Cancer Action
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Handcrafted hosting by Electric Embers Cooperative
BCAction on Twitter
For 30 years we've been the watchdog of the #breastcancer movement. Even with our country's new administration, we'… https://t.co/b0Dgo3milE, 6 hours agoRT @karunajaggar: Dr. Fuqua notes there are "plusses & minuses" in using tx for mets breast cancer for earlier stage cancers. We know… https://t.co/SU43YxJ9Yc, 7 hours ago.@karunajaggar on @reshmajagsi's study showing physicians' frequent under-recognition of BIPOC and young patients'… https://t.co/VZ4zT0qklI, 8 hours ago
Follow @me on Twitter