https://bcmd8.bcm.edu/privacy
Skip to main content
Search
Mobile Menu
Healthcare
Specialties
Cardiovascular Care
Oncology
Neurosurgery
Primary Care
View All Specialties
For Health Professionals
Refer a Patient
Clinical Trials
Professional Development
View All
For Patients & Visitors
MyChart
Accepted Insurance
Pay My Bill
Patient Information
View All
Clinical Trials
Autism
Cancer
Obesity
Substance Abuse
View All Clinical Trials
Find a Doctor
Make an Appointment
Education
Degree Programs & Admissions
M.D. Program
Ph.D. Programs
Doctor of Nurse Practice (Anesthesia)
Genetic Counseling Program
P.A. Program
Orthotics & Prosthetics Program
Baccalaureate/M.D. Programs
Dual Degree Programs
View All Programs
Financing Your Education
Tuition & Fees
Financial Aid
Schools
School of Medicine
Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences
National School of Tropical Medicine
School of Health Professions
Advanced Training Programs
Residency Programs
Clinical Fellowships
Postdoctoral Research Positions
Continuing Professional Development
Diploma in Tropical Medicine
Resources
Departments
Academic Centers
Diversity, Inclusion, & Equity
Academic Calendars
View All
Information For...
Students
Residents and Fellows
Postdoctoral Researchers
Faculty
Alumni
Research
Research at Baylor
Academic Centers
Departments
Faculty Labs
From the Labs
News
Our Research
Research Centers
Strategic Research Center
Research Offices
Advanced Technology Cores
Center of Comparative Medicine
Clinical Research
Institute for Clinical & Translational Research
Office of Research Leadership
Research IT
Sponsored Programs
Additional Research Services
Service Labs
VIICTR
Community
Healthcare Outreach
Community Events
Environmental Health
Healthcare for Homeless
More
General Resources
Community Events
Blogs
News
Baylor in the Community
Global Outreach
Global Health
Current Projects
Annual Report
More
Educational Outreach
Saturday Morning Scientist Program
SMART Program
BioEd Online
More
About
About Us
Academic Centers
Alumni
Careers
Commercialization
Departments
Giving
Leadership
Mission, Vision, Values
News
Our Affiliates
Offices
President's Office
Office of the Provost
Office of Research
Ombuds Office
View All
Our Campus
Compliance
Weather Safety
Resource Stewardship & Sustainability
Team Shop
Giving Careers Intranet
Mobile Menu Bottom Links
Careers
Contact Us
News
Baylor College of Medicine
Baylor College of Medicine
Privacy
Privacy
Master
Heading
Internet Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
Content
Baylor College of Medicine websites are intended to provide general educational information about services offered by Baylor and to help users arrange more easily for those services. Information on Baylor websites is written by faculty and staff affiliated with the College, while other information may be from sources outside of Baylor.
You assume full responsibility for using the information on Baylor College of Medicine websites and understand and agree that Baylor is not responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage resulting from its use by you or any user. While we try to keep the information on this site as accurate as possible, we disclaim any warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Baylor also does not warrant that access to the site will be error free or virus free.
Copyright law protects material on Baylor College of Medicine's websites. Reprinting or otherwise reproducing any document in whole or in part is prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the copyright owner.
By choosing to use the College's websites, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Disclaimer and our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify these terms and policies and recommend that you review them periodically.
Heading
Internet Privacy Policy
Content
The privacy of our customers is important to Baylor College of Medicine. We understand that visitors to sites within the Baylor domain, bcm.edu and connect.bcm.edu, need to be in control of their personal information.
Therefore, the following is Baylor College of Medicine's Internet Privacy Policy:
Your personal information is not required to visit our site. If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still visit the bcm.edu or connect.bcm.edu pages.
Access to some areas of our site may require appropriate authorization. In that case, your unique user ID and password is required.
Access to some areas of our site may require some of your personal information. In that case, this personal information will only be collected if specifically and voluntarily provided and authorized by you.
Baylor College of Medicine may collect personally identifiable information only if specifically and voluntarily provided and authorized by you.
Baylor College of Medicine may use third-party services or programs to collect or maintain any voluntary personal information you may choose to provide us.
Personally identifying information collected will be used only in connection with bcm.edu or for such purposes as are described at the point of collection.
Some information collected is for statistical purposes only. Baylor College of Medicine performs analyses of user behavior in order to measure customer interest in the various areas of our sites.
We use Google Maps to help you find our buildings and services. Google collects some personal and device information from your browser.
Baylor College of Medicine will make every reasonable effort to protect the personal information that you share with us as outlined in our Internet Security Policy.
You do not need to have cookies enabled to visit bcm.edu or connect.bcm.edu.
Heading
Health Information
Content
If you are a healthcare consumer who chooses to use the health-related information on Baylor websites, you should not rely on that information as professional medical advice or use it to replace any relationship with your physician or other qualified healthcare professional. Baylor websites are not an attempt to practice medicine or provide specific medical advice and do not establish a doctor-patient relationship. Health-related information on Baylor websites should not be used to make a diagnosis or to replace or overrule the advice of a qualified healthcare provider.
Users of Baylor websites should not rely on the information contained in any Baylor website for emergency medical treatment. Users should consult with a qualified healthcare professional for answers to specific health related questions.
Some Baylor College of Medicine websites may allow you to enter your personal health information. Any personal health information you submit electronically to Baylor College of Medicine websites is done so voluntarily. Baylor College of Medicine will not use or disclose your personal health information without your written consent or authorization, in accordance with applicable state and federal laws.
Heading
Notice of Privacy Practices
Content
(Effective: April 2, 2018)
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
- Notice of Privacy Practices (English)
- Notice of Privacy Practices (Spanish)
Back to top