http://bcrfcure.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
DONATE
Fundraise
Why ResearchAdvancing Our Understanding
Finding Prevention & a Cure
Saving Lives, Improving Outcomes
Our ImpactMeet Our Researchers
Our Approach
25 Years of Impact
Areas of Focus
Our Progress
Get InvolvedDonate
Fundraise
Find an Event
Shop Pink
Make a Planned Gift
Other Ways to Give
About BCRFOur Mission
Our History
Meet Our Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisors
Financials
FAQs
#ResearchIsTheReason
Blog
Events
Partners
Contact Us
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
The Breast Cancer Research Foundation ("BCRF") has adopted this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate to you our commitment to privacy and to inform you of our policies with respect to information collected on this website. By visiting or using this website, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement. BCRF is the sole owner of and the only organization that uses the personal information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to others under any circumstances. This Privacy Policy applies to all information received by BCRF, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written or oral communication.Information Collected by BCRFAutomatic Collection of Anonymous InformationThe Breast Cancer Research Foundation has a strong commitment to internet privacy. When you visit our website, like when you visit most other websites, certain anonymous information about your visit may be automatically logged, including the server name and IP address through which you access the internet (such as "aol.com" or "earthlink.net"), the date and time you access our site, the pages you access while at our website, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, the Internet address of the website to which you link if and when you leave this website by clicking on a link at this website. This information is not personally identifiable. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the BCRF site to our visitors.Personally Identifiable InformationYour submission of personally identifiable information to us is entirely your choice. You may visit and browse our website without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself to us. However, you may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information about yourself by conducting business with us. We may collect personally identifiable information about you if you:communicate such information to us;subscribe to receive our newsletter or other communications;make an on-line donation;purchase a product from one of our corporate partners and donate a portion of the purchase price to BCRF.The personally identifiable information we collect may consist of contact information (such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number), your preferences (such as where you go on our site), financial and transaction-related information (if you make an on-line donation to us), and any other information you communicate to us (for example in an email or phone call).We may also collect personally identifiable information from you about others. This information is also subject to the terms of this Privacy Statement.Information Use and DisclosureThe Breast Cancer Research Foundation makes every effort to insure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies.BCRF does not sell or otherwise disclose user information outside the organization. This policy has no exceptions. We do not sell or exchange your information with any other organization, public, private, or non-profit.Personally identifiable information we collect may be used for such purposes as:providing services and support to users;processing authorized transactions (including, without limitation, donations);improving our website, including tailoring it to users' preferences;providing users with information through our Newsletter and other communications;responding to your questions inquiries, comments and instructions;maintaining records about donations;maintaining the security and integrity of our systems;pursuant to legal process or any other purpose required by law.Please see the Choice/Opt-Out section below for your options regarding the use of personally identifiable information about you.Choice/Opt-OutIn order to provide service to you, we will occasionally send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of our website. From time to time, we may also wish to send you our newsletter or other communications such as those concerning upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter or such other communications, please send an email containing your request to bcrf@bcrfcure.org. If you are making an online donation, you may also check the box next to the statement indicating that you do not wish to receive such communications from BCRF.CookiesBCRF's server, or the servers of companies that we use to help us operate our site, may place a "cookie" on your computer. A "cookie" is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow our computer to recognize your computer while you are on our website and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you, for example by allowing us to save information related to a previous contribution. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of our website.Most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Google Chrome) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of this website.External LinksOur website may contain links to other websites controlled by third parties. While we try to link only to websites of reputable organizations, please be aware that BCRF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements provided by other websites before you provide personally identifiable information to them. We will endeavor to inform you when you are leaving our website.SecurityWe maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help protect your personal information. Among other things, we:use industry-standard secure encryption software to protect information that you submit to us over the secure portions of our website;restrict access to your personal information to only those persons who need to know that information to provide information to you and for other authorized purposes consistent with this privacy policy (including, but not limited to, our employees) and who have agreed to hold such information confidentially and use such information only for the purposes for which that information was provided; andmaintain our web servers in an environment in which access to such servers is limited to authorized individuals and is subject to a variety of electronic, physical and procedural security measures.In spite of the safeguards that we maintain, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us and you must do so at your own risk. However, once we have received your information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect its security.Children's PrivacyThis website is designed for use by persons aged 13 or older. We do not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we nevertheless receive personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom we otherwise have reason to believe is, under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our systems.Changes to this Privacy PolicyBCRF reserves the right to modify or supplement this policy at any time. If we make a material change to the terms of this policy, we will post a notice on our homepage and link to the new policy.Contacting UsIf you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our practices with respect to personally identifiable information, please contact us at: The Breast Cancer Research Foundation, Attention: Lisa Risi, at 28 West 44th Street, Suite 609, New York, NY 10036.Effective date: 4/15/01 Policy last updated in April 2016.