https://behavenet.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Behavenet main menu
Disorders
Drugs
People
Resources
Terms
Movies
Opinion
Back to top
BehaveNet Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter.
Google, and other third party vendors, may use cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Our advertising partner eHealthcare Solutions may collect and store certain information automatically when you visit our website. eHealthcare Solutions may collect certain personally identifiable information you voluntarily submit on our website or on other websites who partner with eHealthcare Solutions. eHealthcare Solutions may also automatically collect and store information when you view advertisements that appear on our website. Your personally identifiable information may be used to verify the accuracy of the information you submit, and all information collected (personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable) may be used for marketing purposes, to deliver more relevant advertising and content, and to improve your overall experience at this website. Please review the eHealthcare Solutions Privacy Policy to obtain more about how this information is utilized. You can opt out of targeting based on your personal information or non-personally identifiable information (i.e., cookies, pixel tags, clear gifs and/or similar devices) gathered on this and other Network sites by clicking here, visiting the preference site and following the instructions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's memory through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits. More information about advertising cookies, including an option to opt-out, can be found here.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This includes trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 5/24/18
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://behavenet.com
1420 NW Gilman Blvd. #2739
Issaquah, WA 98027
news@behavenet.com
4259986123
This policy is powered by Trust Guard, PCI compliance scans.
Those associated with the European Union and covered by GDPR:
Behavenet is not intended for access or use by residents of the EU. If you reside in the EU or are otherwise covered by GDPR, leave the site immediately, and do not return. Do not subscribe to our newsletter.
Any subscribers identifiable as residing in EU countries will be deleted from our subscriber list.
Behavenet contains links to many outside sites, advertising networks, social media. Behavenet is not responsible for their use of your information. These include, but may not be limited to, Trendmd, Sovrn, Quantcast, eHealthSolutions, tchat, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, Google Analytics, Amazon, Youtube, Pantheon, and Google Analytics. Contact them directly regarding their responsibilities and policies related to GDPR.
If you want to contact Behavenet to exercise any of your ”rights” under GDPR, especially your “right to be forgotten,” use news@behavenet.com.
Glossaries
Addiction
Recovery
12 Step talk
Alzheimer's
Autism
Disability
ECT
Forensic
HIPAA
Memory
OCD
Pharmacology
Psychopharmacology
Psychopathology
Psychotherapy
ABA
Adlerian
CBT
EMDR
Family
Gestalt
IFS
Jungian
MI
Narrative
NLP
PCT
Psychoanalytic
Psychodynamic
TA
Unified Psychotherapy
RDoC
Reimbursement
Sleep Medicine
Chronobiology
EEG
Polysomnography
Stuttering
TMS
VNS
Connect with us
Become a fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe (sample) to our Newletter
Follow us on Pinterest
'Share on Twitter'
Opinion
11/20/2020 - OR Is Right
10/22/2020 - SAMHSA Fail
09/03/2020 - USPS Delays: Stockpile Those Drugs
07/10/2020 - Prescription Economics
05/29/2020 - Form Frustration: Paper R.I.P.
Daily Tweets
CNS Drug: #CNSDOD
Notable Person: #BHCPOD
Phobia: #BNphobia
Term: #BHCTOD
National Conference Tweetchats
12/10-13 AAAP
#AAAP31