https://behavioralhealthnews.org/privacy-policy/
Search
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for autismspectrumnews.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Join Our Email List
First Name: *Your Email: *Select list(s) to subscribe toBehavioral Health News Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Autism Spectrum News. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Mental Health News Education, Inc., 460 Cascade Drive, Effort, PA, 18330, http://www.mhnews.org. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
Consumers, Families, and Service Providers
View The Archives to Find Vital Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder Information, Support, and Resources
VIEW THE ARCHIVES!
Advertise
An Opportunity to Reach a Targeted Readership of Over 100,000
LEARN MORE
View the Current Issue
BHN Fall 2020 Issue
"The Suicide Crisis in America"
VIEW THIS ISSUE!