https://bestbets.org/contact/privacy.php
Home
|
Login
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This site is copyright © BestBETs.org 2002 - 2012
This privacy policy sets out how BestBETs uses and protects any information that you give BestBETs when you use this website.
BestBETs is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
BestBETs may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st June 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
Our website uses Cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of Cookies.
Blocking Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept Cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all Cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all Cookies” using the sliding selector;
In early versions of Firefox you can block all Cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept all Cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box. Alternatively, in later versions of Firefox, you can go to: Tools, then select Options, then select Privacy, scroll down and you will see a line containing two links – one titled: “Clear your recent history” and the second link is titled: “Remove individual cookies”.
The following links provide information on how to enable or disable cookies using a web browser:
Mozilla Firefox.
Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Google Chrome.
Apple Safari (OS X) (Apple Mac, etc).
Apple Safari (IOS) (iPhone, iPad).
Google Android.
Blocking all cookies can, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including the bestbets.org.uk site
About cookies
Cookies are small files, often using unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the web.
These enable web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and identify users returning to a website These files are usually stored on the users disk during the browser session.
Cookies may be either “Persistent” Cookies or “Session” Cookies. A persistent Cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server which will be stored by the web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the set expiry date). A Session Cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
The cookies we use on this site are:
Name: _icl_current_language
Value: en
First found at: http://www.bestbets.org
Domain (Available in this and higher domains): www.bestbets.org
Path (If cookie is available only in certain directories or whole domain): /
Secure: false
Session Cookie?: false
httpOnly Cookie? (inaccessible to javascript, server only): false
Expires (undefined suggests a session cookie): 1341423328
———————-
Name: __utma
Value: 38616417.101636086.1341336931.1341336931.1341336931.1
First found at: http://www.bestbets.org
Domain (Available in this and higher domains): .bestbets.org
Path (If cookie is available only in certain directories or whole domain): /
Secure: false
Session Cookie?: false
httpOnly Cookie? (inaccessible to javascript, server only): false
Expires (undefined suggests a session cookie): 1404408931
———————-
Name: __utmb
Value: 38616417.1.10.1341336931
First found at: http://www.bestbets.org
Domain (Available in this and higher domains): .bestbets.org
Path (If cookie is available only in certain directories or whole domain): /
Secure: false
Session Cookie?: false
httpOnly Cookie? (inaccessible to javascript, server only): false
Expires (undefined suggests a session cookie): 1341338731
———————-
Name: __utmc
Value: 38616417
First found at: http://www.bestbets.org
Domain (Available in this and higher domains): .bestbets.org
Path (If cookie is available only in certain directories or whole domain): /
Secure: false
Session Cookie?: true
httpOnly Cookie? (inaccessible to javascript, server only): false
Expires (undefined suggests a session cookie): undefined
———————-
Name: __utmz
Value: 38616417.1341336931.1.1.utmcsr=(direct)|utmccn=(direct)|utmcmd=(none)
First found at: http://www.bestbets.org
Domain (Available in this and higher domains): .bestbets.org
Path (If cookie is available only in certain directories or whole domain): /
Secure: false
Session Cookie?: false
httpOnly Cookie? (inaccessible to javascript, server only): false
Expires (undefined suggests a session cookie): 1357104931
———————-
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from Cookies.
Our website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses Cookies to help our website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the Cookie about your use of our site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to monitor your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our Cookies for the following purposes:
To recognise your computer when you visit our website
To track you as you navigate our website, and to enable the use of the Search and Administration feature on our website;
To improve the website’s usability;
Google will store this information. Google’s Privacy Policy is available at Google Privacy Policy
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at admin@bestbets.org
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to BestBETs, Emergency Department,Manchester Royal Infirmary,Oxford Road,MANCHESTER
M13 9WL.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
About
Bets Introduction
People
Database Introduction
Participation
Databases
Submit
Browse BETs
Browse Critical Appraisals
Browse all by Topic
Accumulator BETs
Background
EBM
BETs and CATs
Bets format
Publications
Teaching
Current
Future
News
Site and EBM news
New BETs
Available BETs
Resources
EBM Links
BETs search strategies
BETs CA worksheets
CEBM levels of evidence
Contact
People
Feedback
Postal
Small print
Privacy and Cookies Policy