https://bestucanb.ca/privacy-policy/
63 Martin Crossing Park NE Calgary Alberta Canada T3J 3N7
+14038287311
info@shindao.com
Log In / Register
0
Cart
Select Category
Audio (3)Coaching (2)Events (2)Gifts (1)Healing (1)Process of Transformation (5)Programs (5)Tools (4)
Search
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://bestucanb.ca.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We are strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13 and have adopted techniques to ensure compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). COPPA and its accompanying regulations under United States federal law protect the privacy of children using the Internet. Our Website includes content that we believe to be unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored. We encourage all parents to talk to their children about online safety and to monitor their children’s use of the Internet.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please e-mail us at support@shindao.com. Please include the URL of the Website involved in your request.
Or you can contact us by mail at:Best U Can B Inc.63 Martin Crossing Park NECalgary Alberta Canada T3J 3N7
Updated July 2016
Subscribe to Heart and Mind Matters
A Bi-weekly E-zine
Email
Name
Last name
Please wait...
Thank you for sign up!
Facebook Messenger
Search for:
Contact Information:
63 Martin Crossing Park NE Calgary Alberta, Canada T3J 3N7
info@shindao.com
403-285-5266
1-844-807-3925
Privacy PolicyBest U Can B's Privacy Policy
Upcoming Live Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHkHTBovd3s
Recent Posts
Better sleep, More Peace
On Waiting Well…
UPLIFT – Uplifting Conversation – Episode 17
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy