http://biocarehospital.com/privacy-notice
Treatments
Wellness
CANCER
Testimonials
Doctors
Seminars
Gallery
Contact
COUSINE
Back
Integrative Medicine for Cancer
Medical Hyperthermia
Autoimmune diseases
Stem Cell
Dendritic Cell
Rejuvenation and Anti-aging
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Ultraviolet blood irradiation
Hepatitis C
Advanced diagnosis assessment
Back
Prostate Cancer
Breast Cancer
Back
Cuisine
Chicken Soup
PRIVACY NOTICEInternational Biocare S.A. de C.V. strives for respect and safeguard of the data accessed to under the professional and business relations that arise during the daily course of their operations, and recognizes the rights and obligations arising from the Federal Law for Personal Data Protection Held by Private Parties (hereinafter LFPDPPP for its acronym in Spanish). The conditions contained in this Privacy Notice apply to all information collected by International Biocare SA de CV (hereinafter "IBC"), which address is Avenida José Clemente Orozco # 2340 Int. 105 Zona Rio Tijuana, 22010, Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.COLLECTED PERSONAL DATAIBC may collect, store and organize information that in terms of the (LFPDPPP) can be considered as personal data, that is, information that identifies or makes them identifiable. According to this, we can cite the following personal data: name, gender, email, postal address, telephone number, date of birth, medical history, identity card, medical diagnosis, medical outcomes reports, medical studies; name, phone and / or email of a relative in case of an emergency. You voluntarily provide this personal information. IBC may interrelate information you provide to IBC with other information you have voluntarily provided to third parties.PERSONAL DATA TO BE COLLECTEDThe scope of this notice includes any personal data, and specifically those used by IBC, for example:Name. Gender. Email. Mailing address. Phone number. Date of birth.General medical information. Identity card. Medical diagnosis.Reports of laboratory results.Medical studies.Name, telephone and / or email address of the person to contact in case of emergency.USES AND PURPOSES OF PERSONAL DATAThe personal data you provide to IBC is to comply with the obligations arising from the relationship that might be created, and will be used for the following purposes:- Development of medical information that leads to the diagnosis of the condition of the person.- To have their identity information updated, such as name, address, email, phone, gender.. - To follow up of their overall medical condition.In the event that your personal data is intended to be used for a purpose other than the above, IBC will notify you by email or telephone to obtain your consent for the handling of your personal data in accordance with the new purposes. IBC will not use personal data in the necessary cases without your previous consent.TRANSMISSION AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATAIBC will not share, without your consent, your personal information with third parties, outside the group or with any other company except: (a) that the law or a court order requires so; (b) if the information must be shared with IBC contractors to carry out the internal operations and fulfill the purposes described, (c) to protect the rights or property of IBC or its customers, (d) if such transfer is provided in the Federal Law for Personal Data Protection Held by Private Parties. We have required or will require our contractors agree to use your personal data only for the purpose of carrying out the operations for which they were hired. SECURITYAccess to your personal data held by IBC, shall be limited to people who need access to such information, in order to carry out the identified purposes.If at the time you provide your personal data to IBC an identification code or user name is assigned, you will be responsible for ensuring that such information is kept confidential.OWNER’S RIGHTSYou as the owner of personal data may request in terms of Item 28 and 29 of the Federal Law on the Protection of Personal Data Held by Private Parties to the Personal Data Protection Department of IBC access, correction, cancellation or opposition (ARCO rights) in connection with your personal data. Also, you may revoke at any time the consent granted, if necessary, for the handling of your personal data. To do so, you will need to send to Av. José Clemente Orozco # 2340 Int Tijuana Zona Rio CP 105 22010, Tijuana, BC, Mexico, or email to info@biocarehospital.com your request.In correlation with the above it is necessary to specify the following rights under the law that governs this privacy notice.Access.- To be informed which of your personal data are contained in the IBC database and what is the use and origin of said data and the communications that have been made with them.Correction.- To correct or update your personal information if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You must inform IBC of the changes that must be made to your personal data, when such changes are only for your knowledge.Cancellation.- To unsubscribe your personal data, partially or totally, from the IBC database. There are cases where the cancellation is not possible in terms of the Federal Law on the Protection of Personal Data Held by Private Parties and other applicable laws.Opposition.- to oppose, due to a legitimate cause, for IBC to handle your personal data, or to limit their use or disclosure.In cases that the opposition is about receiving certain communications, those announcements will include the option to exit the mailing list and stop receiving them.CHANGES TO THE NOTICE OF PRIVACYIBC reserves the right to modify or amend, whole or partially, this Privacy Notice. The modified Privacy Notice will be sent to the email address provided by you or will be published on the website www.biocarehospital.com. The lack of opposition to the new Privacy Notice within 5 business days of receipt shall be understood as your agreement to the terms set forth therein.CONSENTBy providing any information, including personal data, you explicitly: (i) agree to the terms contained in this Privacy Notice, (ii) agree that the information provided by you may be stored, used and generally handled for the indicated purposes, even for commercial and promotional purposes, (iii) IBC has your authorization to obtain, compile, store, share, communicate, transmit and to use such information in any manner or form, in accordance with the conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws.CONTACTIn compliance with Item 30 and other applicable provisions of the LFPDPPP, IBC has built a Personal Data Protection Department, which is responsible for responding to any request for the exercise of ARCO rights, and with which you may communicate in accordance with the following:Email: info@biocarehospital.comAddress: Av. José Clemente Orozco #2340 Int. 105, C.P. 22010 Zona Río. Tijuana, B.C., México.To: Personal Data Protección Department.