https://biomedx.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyWho we arebiomedx.com and related sub-domains are assets of Biomedx, a DBA of the minority owned Native American Trading Corporation, Montana USA, and is referred to hereafter as (“we”, “our”, “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.What information we hold about youWe do not collect any personal information of yours when you visit. Our web server might collect IP addresses from visitors so we might know the general location where our audience is coming from but we do not track you during your visit nor afterwards. The only time this website holds any data from you is when you enter your email address and name to be on our subscriber list, a list from which you may unsubscribe at any time wherein we no longer hold that data. If you specifically join a site membership such as might be found at edu.biomedx.com or others in the future, you would be privy to entering our private member area and data could be entered and held on a field or form in that area.How your personal information is usedWe may use your personal information in the following ways:For the purposes of becoming a registered member of our site. To inform you of activity pertinent to programs on our site. To make your continued visits to our private area more functional for you. To communicate with you.How your non-personal information is usedCollected non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site might include your IP address and technical information about the browser or type of device you are using. This information is solely for the purposes of our website operational analytics to make the use of our site better or for knowing where and how many visitors may be coming to our site.No Data SharingThis site does not engage in third party advertising and does not share or sell your data to any third party.Social Sign InOn any of our sites or pages where we might have a social sign in option using Facebook, Twitter, Google or other social accounts, this is provided as a user convenience for those that might like to use such a feature, but note that this also likely serves to mine and coordinate your data for that social entity and we have no control over that process.Keeping your data secureWe are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure and private. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.Cookie policyCookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, staying logged in, or remembering certain preferences. We may use cookies for analytics which allow us to determine how people are using the site and improve it.Cookies may be stored on your computer for a short time (such as only while your browser is open) or for an extended open-ended period of time. Cookies not set by this site are not accessible to us.Should a social link appear on a page and a related third party set a cookie for such a link if you are a member of that social group and you have that application open or are logged into that service, we have no ability to access, read, or write to those cookies.MediaIf you upload images or other media to the website in a location that would allow such an upload, you should avoid uploading media with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included.Embedded content from other websitesMaterial on this site and our educational modules may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behave in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account with that entity and are logged in to that website. We have no control over nor access to this third party processRightsYou have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.Acceptance of this policyContinued use of our site signifies your acceptance of our privacy policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.Changes to this policyWe may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Scroll to Top