https://biosonics.com/terms/
Skip to content
1. Shipping & Handling
Shipping rates are challenging for an online retailer to calculate. We need to cover costs such as packing your order, checking your order, packaging materials and the actual shipping costs. We strive to keep our total shipping costs as low as possible. International shipments are based upon the weight of the order and obtained via competitive quotes from major carriers. You will be presented with your options during checkout.
Domestic (U.S.) Rate Table: All shipping is calculated in “Real Time” direct from the USPS and UPS servers.
NOTE: Users in certain countries may be subject to custom duties and VAT associated with their orders. Please contact our customer service department if you have questions before ordering.
If you need to calculate when you are getting your order and need it right away please know that orders placed today   will not ship until the following day.  So if you  place the order today…it will ship tomorrow.  Then you can calculate when you  will receive it  based on the day it ships not the day it is ordered.  This is also calculated as business days, not weekends.
2. Shipping Time & Cancellations
We do our best to ship products within 24 hours of receiving the order during normal business hours.
To cancel an order call or email within 6 hours of the original order. To help serve you, we process and ship orders very quickly.
3. Returns & Exchanges
Biosonic Enterprises Unconditional Guarantee
We unconditionally guarantee all of our products. We are committed to giving you the best service possible. Please email us if you have any comments.
We offer products that are unique and are to benefit and contribute to your lifestyle. If you are dissatisfied with any product, for any reason, return the product(s) within 30 days for a full refund. (Shipping charges not included in refund.)
All products to be returned require a return authorization number prior to their return. To acquire a return authorization number, call (800) 925-0159 or email us. We will reply to your request.
Note that all returned products must be in the same condition as when they were received, including box and packaging.
Biosonics.com Safe Shopping Guarantee
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 worth of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, Biosonics.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. Biosonics.com will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at Biosonics.com while using the secure server.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
4. Security and Privacy
We know you’re concerned about online security and privacy. We hope this will answer all of your questions.
Our secure server: Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet. You can safely enter your entire credit card number on the secure server and it cannot be read in transit. Remember, if you choose the secure server, all the information you enter on the order form—name, address, phone number, etc.—is safely encrypted.
How we store your credit card number: To give you an additional layer of security, we never store your credit card information. After you type in your credit card number, fax it in, or call it in, your complete credit card number is transferred securely to our payment processing network. Again, your information is never stored and so cannot be stolen, pirated or distributed.
We respect your personal privacy: We do not sell or rent our list of customers to anyone. Period.
5. Privacy Policy
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. Scroll to the bottom of this page to see examples of the information we receive. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your account to reflect this by selecting unsubscribed in the newsletters menu.
Information from Other Sources:
For reasons such as improving personalization of our service (for example, providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you), we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as automatic login and permanent shopping carts for storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.’s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only with the subsidiaries Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. controls and as described below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:
We work closely with our affiliated businesses. In some cases, these businesses operate stores at Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or sell offerings to you at Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. You can tell when another business is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that business.
Agents:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers:
Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your account newsletter preference as that is how we will send out our promotions.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Authorize.net to facilitate our credit card transactions. Authorize.net processes the credit cards, so Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. will NEVER see you credit card number. Authorize.net protects your privacy and information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. gives you access to the following information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. This list will change as our Web site evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. features as Automatic login, and permanent shopping carts. You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the “My Account” pages. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your account to reflect this in the newsletter menu.
Children
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children’s products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Colorado. If you have any concern about privacy at Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., please send us a thorough description to info@Biosonics.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; make an order or an Auction bid; provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; by providing employer, school, or other such information; participate in Discussion Boards; provide and rate Reviews. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone number; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number; other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information, including Social Security and driver’s license numbers.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; and products you viewed or searched for.
6. Conditions of Use
Welcome to Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at BioSonic Enterprises, Inc., you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. service or visit or purchase from any business affiliated with Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., whether or not included in the Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. Web site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. so long as the link does not portray Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, email us with your complaint.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this site. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their Web sites. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting Biosonic Enterprises, Inc., you agree that the laws of the state of Colorado, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or its affiliates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. or to products you purchase through Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Cortez, Colorado, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.’s intellectual property rights, Biosonic Enterprises, Inc. may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Colorado, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Biosonic Enterprises, Inc.. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
HomeShop
GiftsTuning Forks
Starter PacksBody Tuners
Body Tuners
C & GSolar Harmonic Spectrum (Set of 8)Fibonacci Set
(set of 8)The Leonardo Set
Brain TunersCrystal Tuners
Original Crystal TunerCrystal TunersAngel TunersWandsPlanet Crystals
Otto Tuners
Tuner – “Otto 32” (Weighted)Tuner – “Otto 64” (Weighted)Tuner – “Otto
128” (Weighted)Om Tuner – “Weighted” (136.1)The G Fork (192hz)
Planet Sets
Asteroids SetUnweighted Planet SetsWeighted Planet SetsCrystal Tuners
Specialty Products
Awakening BellConcert Balls
New ! now you can hold more without holding themDisplay StandsDr. Jerry Wintrob’s Syntonic Color Tuning ForksTuning Fork – “Unweighted” (528 Hz.)-(with peacock blue pouch)Tuning Fork – (432)Solfeggio (Set of 6)Tuning Fork Activator – 7 Pointed Star
Tuning Fork Upgrades
Solar Harmonic-Fibonacci Upgrade (Set of 4)Solar Harmonic Spectrum Upgrade (Set of 6, no C & G)Modal Spectrum
Crystal Gem FeetBooksAudio CD'sDigital Downloads
Sound HealingCD DownloadsCranial TherapyIntuitionCounselingNutritionPolarity Therapy
SpecialsAccount
AffiliatesWholesalers
WorkshopsSupport
Product VideosVargus ProtocolsMusicPhotosDanceArticlesResearch PapersInterviewsSound Healing Hypnosis Free DownloadsSolar Harmonic Spectrum ProtocolsContact Us
Login
English
Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Dutch English French German Italian Japanese Portuguese Russian Spanish
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Subscribe to our newsletter