https://birthright.org/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.   If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website. By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age. This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our Birthright International®’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Birthright International®’s privacy policy / cookies policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Birthright International® and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.  Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or OTHER CONTENT from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions. You must not:·       republish material from this website (including republication on another website);·       sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;·       show any material from the website in public;·       reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;·       edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or·       redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organization.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Birthright International® express written consent.You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Birthright International® express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website are restricted.  Birthright International® reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Birthright International® discretion.
If Birthright International® provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Birthright International® may disable your user ID and password in Birthright International® sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose. You grant to Birthright International® a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant to Birthright International® the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights. Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Birthright International® or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).  You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint. Birthright International® reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Birthright International® servers, or hosted or published upon this website. Notwithstanding Birthright International® rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Birthright International® does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  Birthright International® makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Birthright International® does not warrant that:this website will be constantly available, or available at all; orthe information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.  If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
Birthright International® will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website: to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss; for any indirect, special or consequential loss; orfor any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.These limitations of liability apply even if Birthright International® has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Birthright International® liability in respect of any:death or personal injury caused by Birthright International® negligence;fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Birthright International®; ormatter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Birthright International® to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Birthright International® has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.  You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Birthright International® officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Birthright International® officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, sub-contractors and volunteers as well as Birthright International®.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Birthright International® and undertake to keep Birthright International® indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Birthright International® to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Birthright International® legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Birthright International® arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Birthright International® other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Birthright International® may take such action as Birthright International® deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Birthright International® may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.  Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.  Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Birthright International® may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Birthright International® rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions , together with Privacy Policy, Facebook Policy, Twitter Policy, Google+ Policy and YouTube policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and Birthright International® in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with CANADIAN LAW, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of CANADA/ONTARIO.
Copyright Issues/Takedown Requests
If you believe that any content on the website infringes your copyright and you want the content removed from the website, please send a detailed message (under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the following information must be included in the message) to Birthright International®’s designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement:
(i).  A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.(ii).  Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.(iii).  Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit Birthright International® to locate the material.(iv).  Information reasonably sufficient to permit Birthright International® to contact you as the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.(v).  A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.(vi).  A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Birthright International®’s Designated Agent is:NAME:           Copyright AgentEckert Seamans Cherin & Mellott, LLCADDRESS:     Two Liberty Place50 South 16th Street22nd FloorPhiladelphia, PA  19102PHONE:  (215) 851-8400EMAIL: domainnames@eckertseamans.com
Birthright International® takes copyright and other intellectual property issues seriously, and will terminate any website accounts and/or users that are connected to valid and repeat copyright infringement complaints. If you believe that any content on the website violates or infringes your intellectual property rights, other than related to copyright, please send a detailed email to contact@birthright.org detailing your allegation.  Birthright International® takes infringement of intellectual property rights seriously and will investigate the matter.
Registrations and authorizations
B Design is registered in Canada. Birthright International® registration number is 194,160.Birthright is registered in Canada. Birthright International® registration number is 205,989.Birthright Design is registered in Canada. Birthright International® registration number is 496,342.Accueil Grossesse-Birthright is registered in Canada. Birthright International® registration number is 494,555.we love them both is registered in Canada. Birthright International® registration number is 477,728.Birthright is registered in Mexico. Birthright International® registration number is 121070.Birthright is registered in Great Britain. Birthright International® registration number is 2240481.Birthright is registered in Ghana. Birthright International® registration number is 35405.B (Stylized) & (B and Telephone Design is registered in Zambia. Birthright International® registration number is 494/2011.Birthright is registered in Ghana. Birthright International® registration number is 35405.Birthright is registered in Columbia. Birthright International® registration number is 308786.Birthright is registered in Africa (African Intellectual Property Organization). Birthright International® registration number is 351513.Birthright is registered in Kenya. Birthright International® registration number is 70486.we love them both! is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 2,117,449.BR (Stylized Design with a Telephone in Center of B and a Globe in the Center of R) is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 2,073,657.Life Guardian is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 2,087,664.B (Stylized) & (B and Telephone Design is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 2,947,342.Birthright is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 2,853,169.Birth Rite is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 3,254,892.Birthright is registered in United States of America. Birthright International® registration number is 3,334,965.Birthright is registered in South Africa. Birthright International® registration number is B76/1553.Birthright is registered in Nigeria. Birthright International® registration number is RTM98203.Birthright is registered in Nigeria. Birthright International® registration number is RTM77154.Birthright International® CHARITY REGISTRATION number is 118810167RR0001.Birthright International® detailsThe full name of Birthright International® is Birthright International®. Birthright International® is registered in Canada, the United States and Africa under registration number NUMBER. Birthright International® registered address is 777 Coxwell Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, M4C 3C6, Canada. You can contact Birthright International® by email to info@birthright.org.