https://blissed.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy HomePrivacy Policy
About Personal Data and How Its Handled on this Site
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact form
Contact form submissions are kept for customer service purposes. We do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes. We do not share our email list with anyone.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Newsletter & Website Blog Subscriptions
We use the MailPoet plugin for subscriptions to our blog.
We use Mailchimp for our newsletter service.
If you subscribe to either of these, your email and first and last name (if collected on the form) are retained in order to deliver you these emails. Email information is never shared.
Analytics
We use the Google Analytics plugin on this site to monitor our website traffic.
Google maintains anonymous traffic details on their servers for 26 months.
GOOGLE Privacy Policy: https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance/#?modal_active=none
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
*See Analytics above for retention specifics on that data.
What rights you have over your data
If you have have left a comment, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Contact Us Here