http://bloodbanksdelhi.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Blood Banks Delhi : Managing Your Diabetes
Blood Banks Delhi : Managing Your Diabetes
Changing portions of your lifestyle can be a real challenge. However, if you have diabetes, it is crucial to start making some changes in the interest of your health
This content shows Simple View
This content shows Simple View
Home
Contact Us
Diabetes
Health
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Blood Banks Delhi ("Blood Banks Delhi") operates bloodbanksdelhi.com and may operate other websites. It is Blood Banks Delhi's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Blood Banks Delhi collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Blood Banks Delhi's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Blood Banks Delhi's visitors use its website. From time to time, Blood Banks Delhi may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Blood Banks Delhi also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on bloodbanksdelhi.com blogs/sites. Blood Banks Delhi only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Blood Banks Delhi's websites choose to interact with Blood Banks Delhi in ways that require Blood Banks Delhi to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Blood Banks Delhi gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at bloodbanksdelhi.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Blood Banks Delhi are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Blood Banks Delhi collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Blood Banks Delhi. Blood Banks Delhi does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Blood Banks Delhi may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Blood Banks Delhi may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Blood Banks Delhi does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Blood Banks Delhi discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Blood Banks Delhi's behalf or to provide services available at Blood Banks Delhi's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Blood Banks Delhi's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Blood Banks Delhi will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Blood Banks Delhi discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Blood Banks Delhi believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Blood Banks Delhi, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Blood Banks Delhi website and have supplied your email address, Blood Banks Delhi may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Blood Banks Delhi and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Blood Banks Delhi takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Blood Banks Delhi uses cookies to help Blood Banks Delhi identify and track visitors, their usage of Blood Banks Delhi website, and their website access preferences. Blood Banks Delhi visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Blood Banks Delhi's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Blood Banks Delhi's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Blood Banks Delhi, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Blood Banks Delhi goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Blood Banks Delhi may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Blood Banks Delhi and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Blood Banks Delhi may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Blood Banks Delhi's sole discretion. Blood Banks Delhi encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a bloodbanksdelhi.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Social Icon
Recent Posts
1 Intellect Numbing Points About Fractionated coconut oil.
Details That make You’re keen on And Despise Health Fund Premiums.
Why Nanaimo Physiotherapy Were So Famous Till Now?
Seven Well-known Myths About Dentists In Dubai.
The Concealed Agenda of Weight Loss Sarasota.
©2020 Blood Banks Delhi : Managing Your Diabetes Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS)  enough Theme
top