https://bluepages.anu.edu.au/index.php?id=privacy&lang=en
Home
SymptomsThe experience of depressionSymptoms of depression
Famous people
Diagnosis
Goldberg Depression Quiz
Goldberg Anxiety Quiz
TreatmentsThe rating system
Scientific evidence
What worksMedical treatments
Psychological treatments
Lifestyle & alternative treatments
Help & resourcesEmergency helpAustralian Crisis Numbers
Types of helpGeneral practitioners (GPs)
Psychologists
Psychiatrists
Family & Friends
Support groups
Help in AustraliaNational
Australian Capital Territory
New South Wales
Northern Territory
Queensland
South Australia
Tasmania
Victoria
Western Australia
Help in New Zealand
International
Other resourcese-Mental Health Services
Non-Government Organisations (NGOs)
University websites
Professional Associations
Government websites
Prevention
AboutThe content of BluePages
The BluePages team
Contact us
Privacy statement
This page sets out the policy which eHub Health Pty Limited will use when managing personal information collected through the BluePages website. When this policy uses ‘I’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’ or ‘eHub’ it means eHub Health Pty Limited.
Who does this policy apply to?
This privacy policy applies to all individuals whose personal information is collected in relation to the BluePages website.
What is collected?
The type of information we may collect and hold through the BluePages website includes personal information about individuals we collect in the course of administering the BluePages website, and includes name, email address, and testimonials and feedback.
How do we collect and hold personal information?
Data, including any personal information, may not be stored on a server in the same jurisdiction as the user or customer. We will generally collect personal information from you directly when you provide your details to us or from you indirectly through emails and forms. We might also obtain personal information from third parties in some instances which might include analysis of use of the BluePages website.
Protection of user privacy is a high priority for eHub Health and we will take reasonable steps to protect the security of personal information. Our personnel are required to respect the confidentiality of personal information and the privacy of individuals. We take reasonable steps to protect personal information held from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure, for example by use of physical security and restricted access to electronic records. Where we no longer require your personal information we will take reasonable steps to destroy it.
Why do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
In general, we may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information collected through the BluePages website for the following purposes:
to provide our services ;
to help us manage and enhance our services; and
to comply with our legal and professional obligations.
Who do we disclose your personal information to?
We may disclose your personal information:
to entities who assist us in providing our services (including hosting and data storage providers); and
where we are required to do so by law.
Are we likely to disclose your personal information overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to the following overseas recipients:
to other companies or individuals who assist us in providing services or who perform functions on our behalf (such as third party service providers and specialist consultants), including those located in the USA;
to anyone else to whom you authorise us to disclose it; and
to anyone else where we are required to do so by law.
How can you access and correct your personal information?
Subject to the exceptions set out in the Australian Privacy Act, you may seek access to and correction of the personal information which we hold about you by contacting us at privacy@ehubhealth.com. We will require you to verify your identity and to specify what information you require. If a fee is charged for providing access, you will be advised of the likely cost in advance.
If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve your concerns about our handling of your personal information, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:
GPO Box 5218
Sydney NSW 2001
Tel: 1300 363 992
www.oaic.gov.au
Cookies Policy
The BluePages website uses ‘transient cookies’. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk when you open the website. Cookies by themselves do not identify you but they do identify your web browser.
When you access the BluePages website our server makes a record of your visit and logs the following information: your browser’s internet address; the date and time of your visit to the site; the pages you’ve accessed and documents downloaded; the type of browser you are using; the number of bookmarks created; the last viewed date; and the time of your visit.
The information collected by the BluePages website is used for statistical purposes and system administration tasks to maintain this service.
Because the BluePages website uses ‘transient cookies’ your computer does not retain the information delivered in the cookies once you close your browser. When you close your browser the transient cookie set up by BluePages website is destroyed and no information is retained which could identify you or your browser next time you visit the BluePages website.
BluePages web pages may use third-party tools to better understand how people use the site. This makes information similar to that of routine server logs available to Google or other third-party statistics providers. The analytic reports that are produced are aggregated and do not identify individual people.
The BluePages website may present content and functionality provided by third parties. The content, and any information gathered, is not controlled by eHub and users should consult the privacy policies of the third party providers.
Updates to this Policy
This Policy will be reviewed from time to time to take account of new laws and technology, changes to our operations and practices and the changing business environment.
Last updated: 22 May 2017
Home
Symptoms
Treatments
Help & resources
Prevention
About
Back to top