https://bonaventuresenior.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Join us for a tour
COVID-19 Prevention & Hotline
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to refer a Senior Resource to you.
If you ask us to keep you posted on events and news, we will contact you via email.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information once we receive it. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 503-566-5715 or via email to us at info@LiveBSL.com.
Search Site (Type and Press “enter” to Search)
Search Blog (Type and Press “enter” to Search)