https://boothvrt.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Back
What is VRT?
Find a Practitioner
News and Special Events
Gallery
Courses
Back
Book VRT Courses
Tutors
Back
VRT Tutor Lynne Booth
VRT Tutor Anne Brunton
VRT Tutor Britta Stewart Dolan
VRT Tutor Suzy Jacops
VRT Tutor Florica Radu
VRT Tutor Christopher Shirley
VRT Tutor Aliki Vythoulka
VRT Tutor Allison Walker
VRT Basic Fast Track Course
VRT Reflexology and Movement
VRT Hand and Nail-working with Endocrine Issues
VRT Basic Course
VRT Advanced Course
Japanese REFLE Diploma Course
Nerve Reflexology Diploma Course
Occasional Masterclass
Shop
Back
Vertical Reflexology DVD
Vertical Reflexology Book
Vertical Reflexology for Hands
2 x VRT A4 Charts for Hand and Feet – offer
2 x VRT A2 Charts for Hand and Feet – offer
A2 Size Foot VRT Wall Chart
A4 Size Foot VRT Chart
A2 Size Hand VRT Wall Chart
A4 Size Hand VRT Chart
Testimonials
Newsletters
Back
VRT Newsletter Index
VRT Newsletter List
Members
Contact
Back
Recommended Organisations
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Blog
Privacy & GDPR Policy
This first section of this Privacy policy details how Booth VRT collectes, handles and stores your data through the use of this website, phone, emails and services provided by Booth VRT. The second part covers additional GDPR related policies that specifically apply to members of Booth VRT.
Commitment to your PrivacyFrom the 25th of May 2018 the DPA (Data Protection Act) is changing to the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). The essence of this change is about bringing legislation up-to-date and making your online data choices clearer. We have updated our Privacy Policy in line with this requirement.The Privacy Policy below governs your account details and any information you provide to Booth VRT Ltd on this site or by any other means. Booth VRT Ltd takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and will use your information only in accordance with the terms set out below. To ensure your data is up to date we request that you inform us of any relevant changes to the personal information we hold about you.We are registered under the Data Protection Act and adhere to its policies. What is changing?Not much, because Booth VRT Ltd have always done our utmost to Protect customer data. For example, when ordering online we only ask and store those details which are required to deliver our products to your doorstep. We never store card details and only process cards via the secure solutions offered by PayPal. When do we collect personal data?When you make an online purchase online or by phone.When you contact us with queries, complaints, etc.When you send a cheque.When you leave a review. Data we hold about youWe may store your name, address, phone number(s) and email address as well as details of courses attended, and other information you may have told us about yourself in relationship to reflexology.We will ask for details of a credit or debit card if you wish to pay by that method. We do not store card numbers and repeat customers who contact our office to place orders must supply card details with each order.In order to operate the PayPal service and to reduce the risk of fraud, you may be asked to provide us information about yourself, including postal address and email address. By giving this information either verbally or electronically you are consenting to your personal information being stored and processed at our company office.We will keep your data until you request us to remove it or we no longer need it. If you request us to remove all your contact details, and have been on any VRT courses and wish to attend future ones, we will have no record of Basic VRT courses attended which may prevent you attending more advanced courses. Data SharingWe will not sell, rent, share or distribute your personal information to any to third parties in any way. Data ProtectionWe know how important security is to all our customers and we treat all data with the upmost care. For example;Servers are regularly updated to the latest versions of OS and we have in place hardware and software firewalls.We never see your payment details when you order online. When you order through our website, we pass you to PayPal, a secure payment gateway, to process all payments, thus ensuring our systems never see or store sensitive data.The only time Booth VRT staff require card details is for payments made over the phone. These details are used instantly via a secure connection to PayPal, using the latest computers, with up to date firewall and Anti-virus software. Your card details are never stored. As soon as we have processed your order; all your credit card details are destroyed. We constantly review our policies to ensure your data is treated with most respect and care. Legitimate InterestsWe will only contact you in regard to Reflexology related matters in which you may be interested. We will not mail you about other information. Your RightsIf you consider the information we hold about you is inaccurate, or if you wish to be removed altogether from our listings, you may tell us by email or in writing to our company address.You information is held on our own computers and is protected from interference by hardware and software firewalls.You are entitled to request that we no longer contact you or that we hold no data about you.You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you, free of charge.You have the right to be forgotten and can opt out from receiving such communications services at any time by emailing contact@boothvrt.com or unsubscribing at the bottom of this email. ContactWe may occasionally mail you by post or email with details of VRT Courses or special offers or new products available. If you do not wish to receive this notification please let us know by unsubscribing, email, phone or post. VRT Members will continue to receive the usual mailing information.You may contact us by email, phone or post:Booth VRT Ltd, 9 Glenavon Park, Bristol BS9 1RS.Telephone 01179 626746, Email contact@boothvrt.com
GDPR for VRT Members
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION – GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)GDPR (implemented by DPA2018 in the UK) brought in new legal protection for personal information from 25th May 2018. This tells you what personal information we hold and why, and what your rights are.Organisation name: Booth VRT LtdAddress: 9 Glenavon  Park, Bristol, BS9 1RSTelephone No: 01179 626746Please direct any enquiries relating to GDPR to contact@boothvrt.comPurpose of processing the Information we holdThe purpose of holding and using the information we retain is to provide you with the best possible membership related support and related services support.Lawful Basis for holding and using Member and non-Member InformationThe lawful basis under which we hold and use your information is “our legitimate interests” i.e. Our requirement to retain the information you provide to us in order to provide you with the best possible membership related support and related services support.What information we hold and what we do with itIn order to provide our membership services and support, we need to ask for and keep information about you. We will not use this information for any other purpose (except as required for legal purposes) without your prior consent. The information to be held is:Your contact detailsYour Contact detailsYour information for CPD purposes – VRT and Nerve Reflexology Class attendanceWe may retain this information in respect of non-members, in case of:An unsuccessful applicant who may wish to reapply at a later dateA lapsed member who may wish to re-join at a later dateHow long we keep your informationThe criteria used for determining the retention period is as follows:For current members: we keep all information while membership is current in line with our legitimate interest aboveFor non-members and lapsed former members: we keep all information to enable us to:Issue a speedy response in case you wish to re-apply for membership or attend VRT classes at a later dateWe need to be able to confirm any details of past membership which you may ask us aboutData SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your personal data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place appropriate technical, physical and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you.We will contact you, if requested; using the contact preferences you have given us.YOUR RIGHTSGDPR gives you the following rights:The right to be informed: To know how your information will be held and used (this notice).The right of access: To see our records of your personal information, so you know what is held about you and can verify it.The right to rectification: To tell us to make changes to your personal information if it is incorrect or incomplete.The right to erasure (also called “the right to be forgotten”): For you to request us to erase any information we hold about you if you ask us not to hold it anymore.The right to restrict processing of personal data: You have the right to request limits on how we use your personal information. For example some Members do not want their contact details or name to be listed on the website.The right to data portability: Under certain circumstances you can request a copy of personal information held electronically so you can reuse it in other systems.The right to object: To be able to tell us you don’t want them to use certain parts of your information, or only to use it for certain purposes.Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office: To be able to complain to the ICO if you feel your details are not correct, if they are not being used in a way that you have given permission for, or if they are being stored when they don’t have to be. Full details of your rights can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/Booth VRT Ltd:  Vertical Reflex Therapy ClassesPlease note:If you don’t agree to us keeping records of information about you and your membership, then we will not be able to accept you as a member, or to renew your membership, and we will not be able to answer any queries you may have at a later date.We have to keep your records for a certain period  as described above, which may mean that even if you ask us to erase any details about you, we might have to keep these details until after that period has passedWe can move records between our computers and IT systems, as long as your details are protected from being seen by others without your permission.RedressIf you have an questions or issues regarding this notification please contact Booth VRT Ltd by emailing Lynne Booth at  contact@boothvrt.com
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
1
1
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
1
1
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
1
1
Enable All
Save Settings