https://boothvrt.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Back
What is VRT?
Find a Practitioner
News and Special Events
Gallery
Courses
Back
Book VRT Courses
Tutors
Back
VRT Tutor Lynne Booth
VRT Tutor Anne Brunton
VRT Tutor Britta Stewart Dolan
VRT Tutor Suzy Jacops
VRT Tutor Florica Radu
VRT Tutor Christopher Shirley
VRT Tutor Aliki Vythoulka
VRT Tutor Allison Walker
VRT Basic Fast Track Course
VRT Reflexology and Movement
VRT Hand and Nail-working with Endocrine Issues
VRT Basic Course
VRT Advanced Course
Japanese REFLE Diploma Course
Nerve Reflexology Diploma Course
Occasional Masterclass
Shop
Back
Vertical Reflexology DVD
Vertical Reflexology Book
Vertical Reflexology for Hands
2 x VRT A4 Charts for Hand and Feet – offer
2 x VRT A2 Charts for Hand and Feet – offer
A2 Size Foot VRT Wall Chart
A4 Size Foot VRT Chart
A2 Size Hand VRT Wall Chart
A4 Size Hand VRT Chart
Testimonials
Newsletters
Back
VRT Newsletter Index
VRT Newsletter List
Members
Contact
Back
Recommended Organisations
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Blog
Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions apply to this site and purchases made from the site.Also see Terms and Conditions for Courses using the button below:
T&C's for Courses
Business DescriptionBooth VRT Ltd is a reflexology training organisation that specialises in the teaching of Vertical Reflexology, also know as Vertical Reflexology Technique (VRT).VRT was discovered and developed by the director of this company, Lynne Booth. The terms Vertical Reflex Therapy,  the Booth Method, VRT and the Logo are all copyrighted.The company has been trading for over 25 years, and supplies high quality accredited tuition for reflexology training and conference presentations from Lynne Booth and her authorised tutors.Booth VRT Ltd also supplies books, charts and a DVD that are suitable for the qualified reflexologist, complementary therapists and general public. They can be contacted via our website or direct to our Bristol, UK office.Privacy PolicyThis has been updated in line with the latest GDPR requirements Delivery PolicyWe will aim to acknowledge your order within three working days.We aim to dispatch your goods through our chosen mailing service (usually Royal Mail) within five working days of the order being placed. If there are delays due to unforeseen circumstances we will contact you.If you have not received you goods within 14 days please contact us directly.Price of goods is clearly stated on all literature and the website.Postage and Packing is an extra charge and depends on destination. Please ensure you select the correct level of postage for your area or delays may occur. Online orders will be accompanied by a receipt, which will not show post and packing separately.In the unlikely event that goods should arrive faulty or damaged, either a replacement or a full refund will be offered on returned goods. Return/ Refund/Cancellation PolicyIf goods are damaged on arrival they should be returned within 14 days for replacement or a refund.If an item is unsuitable for any reason it may be returned in original condition for a refund within 14 days stating the reason for its return. Postal and packing charges will be made if a replacement is requested.If VRT training courses are cancelled by the delegate then the current policy as stated on the course confirmation details applies. Cancellation of CoursesBooth VRT Ltd does not accept responsibility for change or cancellation of workshop or speaker due to circumstances beyond their control.In the event that a course has to be cancelled every effort will be made to contact participants well in advance and, if necessary, payments made will be refunded in full.Any additional costs of travel, accommodation or other expenditure incurred by the delegate will be the responsibility of the delegate.In line with other reflexology training organisations, no responsibility will be accepted in the unlikely event of any detrimental effects of the reflexology tuition. Contact informationYou may contact us by post, email or phone and we will endeavour to reply to you usually within five working days, except possibly at holiday times.Booth VRT Ltd9 Glenavon Park,Bristol. BS9 1RS. EnglandTel/Fax: +44 (0) 117 962 6746Email : Website: www.boothvrt.com
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
1
1
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
1
1
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
1
1
Enable All
Save Settings