https://bouldersnaturalanimal.com/terms-of-use.php
Terms of Use
All content on this website is owned and operated by Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital. You may use this website only as provided in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Our website is provided for your personal and non-commercial use. Anyone may view the public areas of our website. You may print or download limited portions of our website for your own use. You may also make a dozen or fewer copies of printed or downloaded portions of the website for distribution within your business entity provided that each copy does not modify or delete any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Any copying or distribution beyond that authorized in this paragraph requires written permission.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
This website may provide links or access to other Internet websites. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital does not control these sites, and you access them solely at your own risk. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitaldoes not endorse or approve any products or information offered at sites you reach through this website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of other websites when you leave our website.
ACCESS RESTRICTION/TERMINATION
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital reserves the right to impose limits on certain features or restrict your access to parts of or the entire Site and the Content, products and services made available through the Site, in its sole discretion and without notice or liability.
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital also reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your account, membership registration, access or use of the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
Upon termination, you will have no account or similar membership rights to the Site.
Our proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, indemnities, limitations of liability and miscellaneous provisions shall survive any such termination.
We may provide notice of termination, if at all, by regular mail or email.
PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us.
See our Privacy Statement for information on the privacy and security practices of Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital and the Site.
INTENDED FOR USERS OVER 13 YEARS OF AGE
This Site is intended for use by persons at least 13 years of age.
We must rely on parents and guardians (at least 18 years of age at time of use) to decide which materials are appropriate for children under 13.
We will not knowingly collect personal information from children.
Please see our Privacy Statement for more information.
LIMITATIONS REGARDING INFORMATION, ARTICLES AND ADVICE
The Site may offer articles, information, and advice to pet owners for educational purposes only.
Any information offered through the Site is not intended to diagnose, treat, or cure your pet, and is not a substitute for veterinary care provided by a licensed veterinarian.
For any medical or health related advice concerning the care and treatment of your pet, contact your regular veterinarian or local animal hospital.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to us that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site.
Examples of such prohibited behavior include, but are not limited to:
Using the Site to promote, conduct, or contribute to fraudulent, obscene, pornographic and/or illegal activities, including deceptive impersonation or activities involving the exploitation of children.
Using the Site to violate anyone’s privacy rights (e.g. distributing unwanted commercial solicitations), to infringe on intellectual property rights (including copyrights and trademark rights), to harass or defame others, to promote hatred towards any group of people, or otherwise to publish or disseminate views or opinions which are, in the opinion of Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital obscene, offensive, or generally inappropriate.
Collecting any information or communication about the users of the Site by monitoring, interdicting or intercepting any process of or communication initiated by the Site or by developing or using any software or any other process or method that engages or assists in engaging in any of the foregoing.
Attempting to hack the Site or any communication initiated by the Site or to defeat or overcome any encryption and/or other technical protection methods implemented by Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital with respect to the Site and/or data and/or content or programming transmitted, processed or stored by Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital or other users of the Site.
Uploading files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Uploading files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Disrupting, circumventing, or interfering with any part of the Site; forging or modifying any data processed or distributed by the Site; or using an automated process to cause greater demand on the Site than a single person could produce.
Except as expressly permitted on the Site, altering, modifying, deleting, or otherwise interfering with or in any manner compromising any content, programming, advertising, services and/or features contained on or through the Site, including, without limitation, the Site’s advertising and/or content delivery and display functionality.
Communication from us.
If you provide us with your contact information and indicate that you would like to receive materials from us, we will provide you with those materials and we may contact you my mail, email or other means. If you do not wish to receive further information from us, or you would like to receive only certain kinds of communication from us, just let us know.
Contacting us.
If you would like to change or correct your personal information, or your communication preferences, you may notify us by email, telephone, fax, or postal mail at the addresses and numbers listed below:
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital
685 S. Broadway,
Boulder, CO 80305
(303)-494-7877
Disclaimer
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site’s content. This site and the materials, information, services and products in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitaldisclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitaldoes not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitaldoes not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their completeness, correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. In addition to the above, you (and not Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.
In certain states, the law may not permit the disclaimer of warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitalbe liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and material available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital is not liable or responsible for any User Material provided by its users or other third parties for use on the Site. Contributions to this Site by third parties do not necessarily represent the view or opinions of Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital.
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital may not preview user content before it appears on the Site.
Users can be held liable for any illegal or prohibited user content they provide to the Site, including among other things, infringing, defamatory or offensive materials.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your Internet account (including, but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct), by you or any other person accessing the website using your Internet account.
Modification of the Website and these Terms
By providing material on this Site, blog or social media channels, Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital does not promise that the materials will remain available to you. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital is entitled to terminate all or any portion of this website at any time, without notice to you. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital also reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices for this website at any time by updating this posting and your use of the website following any such changes will constitute your consent to such modified terms. You agree to review these terms regularly to verify for changes. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this website.
We may, at our sole discretion, remove User Material that we determine is unlawful, fraudulent, harassing, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable, or infringes or violates any party's intellectual property or other proprietary rights or our Terms.
This includes comments concerning our competitors, vendors, business partners, service providers, associates, and affiliates.
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting (including, without limitation, descriptions, comments, images or videos) by you, or to deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitalwebsite, blog or social media channels at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability. Boulder's Natural Animal Hospitalexpressly reserves the right to remove any or all of your images, comments, videos and account and/or to deny, restrict, suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the website if Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital determines, in its sole discretion, that you have violated this Agreement or pose a threat to Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital and/or its Users.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES
All content and collective work comprising the Site, including information, articles, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other artwork and material is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights under United States and/or international laws and held by Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital and/or the original creator of the material, including Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital’s affiliates, partners, suppliers, and/or visitors or users of the Site who have contributed material to the Site (for more information, see Contributions to this Site; Content and Submissions below). These rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now or developed in the future.
All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, domain names, and trade names are the property of their respective owners and are licensed to, or otherwise used with permission by, Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital.
All intellectual property used on the Site may not be reproduced, copied or otherwise manipulated in any manner without express, written permission of the owner.
Boulder's Natural Animal Hospital disclaims any proprietary interest in intellectual property other than its own.
Share
Contact Us
Contact Us
Request Appointment
Prescription Refill
Emergency
REQUEST APPOINTMENT
REQUEST PRESCRIPTION
SHOP ONLINE STORE
"I have been with dr takahashi for years and followed her to this practice because she is so wonderful. This is the best most caring practice I have ever experienced. They treat every pet as if it were their own."Katherine C. - Google Review
"Very caring place... Our 13yr old cat had tooth extraction & cleaning. Dr. Liv Brockmann explained procedure very well & followed up after surgery, along with a follow up the next day from vet-tech. Office is in Boulder, we live in Brighton... Always worth the drive for our pets"Jerilyn E. - Google Review
"My young lab had a grown on his side, which Dr. Takahashi biopsied.
It turned out to be a cancerous tumor. I am so thankful for Dr. Takahashi’s going the extra mile to not only diagnose the cancer. But for a successful surgery.
I appreciate her professional, compassionate care for my little dog."Susan B. - Google Review
"I love Dr. Brockman and all the Docs at Boulder's Natural Animal.
The care is unbelievable - following up after an appointments, returning phone calls, loving my animals as much as I do.
Taking the time to explain what's going on with my animals.
Thank
you Dr. Brockman and Team - we love you.
Alison, Cheli, Finnie & The Tig"Lesley K. - Google Review
Read all reviews here: Online Reviews