https://bradfordhealth.com/legal-terms-of-use/
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
The www.bradfordhealth.com website (the “website”) is provided by Bradford Health Services (sometimes referred to herein as “we”) for your convenience and for general information purposes only. All access to and use of the website, including any use or reliance on the information on the website, is provided subject to these Website Terms and Conditions of Use (the “terms”) and by accessing the website or using the information, you agree to be bound by these terms.
THE CONTENT
The information contained in this website may include, but is not necessarily limited to, description of services, locations, schedule of events, and links to informational articles (the content”). The content is provided for your personal use only. You may not sell, give, or otherwise distribute the content to anyone, other than by referring others to this website. Neither the website, the content, nor any portion thereof may be reproduced in any form without written permission from Bradford Health Services. This website contains material which is protected by copyright and trademark laws and is exclusively owned by Bradford Health Services and/or its licensors. Except for use of the content as permitted by these terms, you may not modify copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, transmit, transfer, sell, or distribute any content or other information or material from this website in any form by any means.
NO MEDICAL ADVICE
Although medical and health information may be provided on the website, this is no substitute for proper medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or care. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition or treatment option. In no event shall Bradford Health Services be liable to you or to anyone else for any decision or action taken by you in reliance on the content or any other information available on this website.
ACCURACY OF CONTENT
While we endeavor to keep the content and website up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website, the content or any other information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk.
DISCLAIMER
WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR THE WEBSITE ITSELF, INCLUDING, BUT NOT NECESSARILY LIMITED TO, ABOUT THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, OR CORRECTNESS OF THE CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE OR THE WEBSITE, OR THAT YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. WE DO NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE WEBSITE, THE CONTENT AND ANY OTHER MATERIAL OR INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR PROGRAMS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. BRADFORD HEALTH SERVICES MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ERRORS OR OMISSIONS AND ASSUMES NO LEGAL LIBAILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM THE USE OF CONTENT AND/OR THE WEBSITE. ALL INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND “AS AVAILABLE.”
When you use the website, any information that you submit will be transmitted via the internet and such transmission is beyond our control. We do not assume any liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of this website. We do not assume any liability for loss or damage to your computer systems or networks as a result of your use of this website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE OR OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSSES, COSTS OR DAMAGES SUFFERED OR INCURRED AS A RESULT OF USE OF THE WEBSITE, THE CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR MATERIAL ON THE WEBSITE OR SUFFERED OR INCURRED AS A RESULT OF FAULTS, INTERRUPTIONS, OR DELAYS IN THE USE OF THE WEBSITE, OR OUT OF ANY INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR MATERIALS ON THE WEBSITE, REGARDLESS OF HOW SUCH FAULTS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELAYS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS ARISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL BRADFORD HEALTH SERVICES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRADFORD HEALTH SERVICES, IF ANY, FOR ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE IN THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE LOSS OR DAMAGE.
If you are dissatisfied with any content, or any other materials or information provided on this website or with the use of this website, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the website.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Bradford Health Services. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links on the website does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. All use of the linked websites is subject to the terms and conditions of the linked websites.
LEGAL USE
You agree to use this website only for lawful purposes and you further agree not to transmit through the website any material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others; which is obscene, threatening, abusive, defamatory, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, or which is otherwise objectionable; or which constitutes or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate the law. We may prohibit or enjoin any conduct or use of this website that restricts or prevents other subscribers from using the website or that otherwise violates our terms and conditions, and we have the right to deny access to any subscriber for any reason at any time. Notwithstanding the above, we have no obligation to monitor the use of the website, but we reserve the right to do so.
When using the website or any of the content, you must comply with all federal and state laws, privileges, rules and regulations, including, without limitation, those addressing the confidentiality of health information, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and the Health Information Technology for Electronic and Clinical Health Act, as the same may be amended from time to time. You should not post any personal or health information on the blog or website.
INDEMNIFICATION AND YOUR LIABILITY
If you cause a technical disruption of the website, you agree to be responsible for any and all liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of enforcement) arising from or related to that disruption. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Bradford Health Services from and against any third party action, suit, claim or demand and any associated losses, expenses, damages, costs and other liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising out of or relating to your use or misuse of any portion of the website and/or the content, or your violation of these terms.
PRIVACY
This website receives information from individuals who choose to contact us. When you contact us you give us the right to respond by providing you with the requested information. We will use your contact information only to the extent needed to respond to your specific request. If you ask for further contact regarding treatment, we will contact you, and your information is passed on to our admissions or clinical staff who may contact you or take other actions consistent with your request. Bradford Health Services does not share personal information with third-parties. Bradford Health Services does not store information collected about your visit to the website except as necessary to fulfill your requests. Bradford Health Services is not responsible for any republishing of the content found on the website, including, without limitation, the blogs on other websites or media without permission.
SECURITY
Bradford Health Services has implemented security procedures designed to protect your data privacy, and we reserve the right to monitor the website to make sure the data we have collected remains secure, to delete spam, to identify and report attempted security breaches. Nevertheless you agree to use this website “as is”, there may be occasions when the website is down for service or otherwise, or when security may be breached by a third party
BLOG COMMENTS
Bradford Health Services employees and agents may make regular posts to the blog in order to provide you with information. The views and opinions of the individual posters do not necessarily reflect the view or opinions of Bradford Health Services, and you should contact us if you have any questions. Just as with other content on the website, the information on the blog is not intended to be a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or care, and you should always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition or treatment option.
Bradford Health Services reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice; all posts will be reviewed by the blog administrator prior to posting and may be edited or deleted due to:
Comments deemed to be spam or questionable spam.
Comments including profanity.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive.
Comments that attack a person or business individually.
Violations of confidentiality or HIPAA laws.
Comments which are deemed to be not constructive to the subject.
Comments that are deemed otherwise contradictory to Bradford Health Services policies.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Website is not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect any personally identifiable information, whether or not such information is voluntarily provided, from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. If we are made aware that we have actually collected information bout a person under the age of 13, we will remove that information from our records in a timely fashion.
COPYRIGHT POLICY
We have adopted the following policy toward copyright and intellectual property infringement. Bradford Health Services will respond to notices of this form from any jurisdictions. The address of our Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement (“Designated Agent”) is:
Privacy Officer
Bradford Health Services
2101 Magnolia Avenue South Suite 518
Birmingham, AL 35205
If you believe that material residing on or accessible through the website infringes your copyright or other intellectual property right, to provide Bradford Health Services notice of such infringement, you must send a written notice of the infringement to the Designated Agent listed above. Please specify the type of infringement at issue and the notice must include the following information:
A signature (physical or electronic) of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or intellectual property interest;
A description of the work that you claim has been infringed upon;
A description of where the material you claim is infringing is located on the website (in sufficient detail to allow us to locate it on the website);
Your address, telephone number and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the dispute use is not authorized by the owner of the work, its agent or the law; and
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury that the information you submit is accurate and that you are the owner of the intellectual property or authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
Once a proper notice is received by our Designated Agent, Bradford Health Services will investigate the allegations in the notice, and if appropriate, remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material.
CHANGES
These terms are subject to change at any time, by posting of the updated terms at this location.
Call us now
888-577-0012
Your Name (required)
Email Address (required)
Your Phone (required)
Seeking help for:
MyselfAnother
Questions/Comments
Please leave this field empty.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Bradford is committed to helping people access our premier treatment services.
Insurance Info & Verification
Bradford Health Services is dedicated to creating effective and affordable chemical dependency treatment programs. Through a variety of innovative inpatient and outpatient services, we’re bringing new hope to patients and their families – committing ourselves to providing treatment that can work for everyone involved.
Bradford Health Services
2101 Magnolia Avenue South, Suite 518Birmingham , AL 35205
1-888-577-0012
Featured Services
Adult Detox and Rehab
Family Support Program
Opiate Treatment Services
Young Adult Rehab Programs
Outpatient Services
Healthcare Professionals Rehab Program
Featured Links
Insurance Information
Verify Insurance
Bradford Locations
Steps of Faith
Events
All Bradford Health Services primary facilities are accredited by The Joint Commission.
Bradford Health Services accepts most major insurances and provides private pay options.
Bradford Health Services is an NBCC-Approved Continuing Education Provider (ACEP) and may offer NBCC approved clock hours for events that meet NBCC requirements. The ACEP solely is responsible for all aspects of the program.
© 2020 Bradford Health Services
|
Legal Terms of Use
|
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
|
Sitemap
Start typing and press Enter to search
Mark Edwards
Chief Financial Officer
Mark joined Bradford Health Services during 2019, bringing over 25 years of health care leadership experience. Prior to joining Bradford, he was CFO of an ambulatory care management company, held leadership finance positions in an academic medical center as well as Senior Vice President of a national healthcare company.
Mark has an extensive background in many areas of the healthcare industry. He is proud to join operational and clinical leadership with focuses on superior patient care, improving margins, process improvements as well as strategic company direction.
Mark earned his undergraduate degree in Accounting from Auburn University and is a CPA.
CLOSE
Julia Hughes
Corporate Compliance Officer
Since the summer of 2018, Julia has served as Compliance Officer for the Red Oak Recovery Division. In January 2020 her role increased to companywide Corporate Compliance Officer. In this position, she is responsible for promoting and ensuring Bradford company policies and compliance, including internal complaint reporting systems, as well as development and implementation of corrective action plans. Julia is detail oriented and passionate about creating safe environments in which healing and recovery can take place.
She received her B.A. in Psychology from the University of North Carolina in Asheville with a minor in Neuroscience.
CLOSE
Zach Ludwig, LPC, MHSP. Zach is Bradford’s Director of Regulatory Services and joined us in 2011. He has strong experience working with adults and adolescents who struggle with substance-abuse disorders. He’s committed to helping their families, as well. As corporate director, he’s part of a team that develops and oversees clinical programs and services at all of Bradford’s locations.
Before taking on his current role in 2016, Zach was a primary counselor and clinical program director at one of our outpatient locations. He’s a Licensed Professional Counselor in Alabama and a Licensed Professional Counselor, with Mental Health Service Provider designation, in Tennessee.
CLOSE
Insurance Options for Extraordinary Treatment.
Bradford is committed to helping people access our premier treatment services. We are in network with most major insurance providers and recognized by leading carriers for our outcomes and strong continuum of care.
Complete the insurance verification form and a Recovery Advisor will discuss your benefits, our no cost consultation process and treatment options with you. Call us at: 866-408-5775 or chat with us now. You landed here for a reason, let us help you get to the next level in your life.
*Required
Client Name*
Client DOB*
Email Address*
Client Phone*
Best time to call
1:001:302:002:303:003:304:004:305:005:306:006:307:007:308:008:309:009:3010:0010:3011:0011:3012:0012:30
AMPM
ESTCSTMSTPST
Subscriber Name
Insurance Plan Name*
Insurance Plan Member#*
Insurance Plan Group Name
Insurance Plan Phone*
Reason for verifying benefits:
Upload your insurance card:
Contact info for inquiring individual (if different from client)
Name
Phone
Please leave this field empty.
CLOSE
Way Brunson
Information Technology Director
Way Brunson is Bradford’s Information Technology Director and brings over 20 years of Information Technology experience to the company. Way joined the company in 2019 and is responsible for Information Technology strategy, management, and security for all of Bradford Health’s technology needs.
Prior to joining Bradford, Way worked in IT leadership roles with Acuity Brands, Walter Energy, and most recently Alacare Home Health and Hospice.
Way earned a degree in Management Information Systems from the University of Alabama’s school of Commerce and Business Administration and an MBA in Technology Management from the University of Phoenix.
CLOSE
JR Curbow
VP of Patient Admissions
JR Curbow is the VP of Admissions for Bradford. JR worked for many years in the banking industry specializing in IT. He spent 15 years working as the Director of Admissions at Bradford’s Warrior Lodge. He left Bradford for nearly ten years to pursue entrepreneur interests. While separated from Bradford JR longed to come back to impact lives. He joined Bradford again in 2018 and leads all aspects of Bradford’s Admissions process.
CLOSE
Kathleen Kelley, LCSW, MSW, is Chief Operating Officer of our Warrior Lodge facility. With more than 30 years’ experience in behavioral health, she’s held leadership posts at residential addiction-treatment centers and behavioral healthcare hospitals.
Since 1991, Kathleen has served our patients by leading a number of our clinical programs. Her roles have included Clinical Director for adult and adolescent programs, in both inpatient and outpatient settings, and Assistant Administrator of our Warrior residential addiction-treatment center.
In 2013, she became chief operating officer of Crescent Pines Hospital, a psychiatric hospital serving children, adolescents and adults. Three years later, Kathleen returned to Bradford to head our 84-bed residential adult and adolescent treatment center in Madison.
She holds an undergraduate degree from the University of Alabama in Birmingham and a master’s degree in social work from Florida State University.
CLOSE
Clay Simmons
Chairman of the Board
Since 1977, Clay has worked to improve addiction treatment in the public, non-profit and private sectors. He came to Bradford in 1986 from Charter Medical Corporation, where he administered the adult and adolescent treatment units. Thanks to his leadership, Bradford today is one of the premier providers of treatment for addiction in adults and adolescents.
Clay has long advocated for care that’s effective, more affordable and easier for people to access. He’s been a member of the National Association of Addiction Treatment Programs since its inception and serves on its Board of Directors. Other initiatives he’s part of include Anonymous Hands for Recovery, a non-profit that provides financial help to people who can’t afford treatment, and the Alabama Statewide Healthcare Coordinating Council.
A member of Bradford’s Board of Directors, Clay is a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of Georgia. He earned his master’s degree from Georgia Southern University.
CLOSE
Mike Rickman
President and CEO
Mike brings to Bradford a wealth of executive-management experience in health care. Before joining us in 2018, he was CEO of a hospital in the Tenet Healthcare system. Earlier, he co-founded and was chief operating officer of a company that managed ambulatory care centers. Before then, he was an executive with a national healthcare provider … serving as Senior Vice President of its ambulatory surgery-center division.
Mike’s a champion of superior patient care, which is one of many reasons we’re proud to have him on board. At Tenet, he introduced inventive methods to track the patient experience. He believes that employee satisfaction is directly linked to patient satisfaction.
He earned his undergraduate degree in Accounting from Auburn University and his MBA degree from University of West Alabama.
CLOSE
Roy Ramsey
VP of Residential Division
Roy Ramsey is Executive Director of our Warrior (AL) facility. He’s served in this role since 1993 … nine years after he joined our team as Assistant Administrator. Under Roy’s direction, Warrior has experienced major growth. Today, it is recognized as one of the leading providers of substance-abuse treatment in the country.
His professional affiliations include the American College of Healthcare Executives, the Healthcare Financial Management Association, and the Society of Human Resource Management.
Roy earned his B.S. degree in Health Services Administration from Auburn University, and his MBA from Nova Southeastern University. He and his wife have four children and four grandchildren.
CLOSE
Scott Beatty
VP of Human Resources
Scott Beatty is Bradford’s Vice President of Human Resources. Scott joined the company in 2018 and brings over 20 years of Human Resources experience to the company. In his role, Scott oversees the HR leadership and vision of the company and supports all aspects of human capital including Benefits, Payroll, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition, and Employee Relations.
Prior to joining Bradford, Scott worked in HR leadership roles with such companies as GEICO, TeleTech Holdings, DST Health Solutions, and most recently Books-A-Million.
Scott earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Baylor University and a MBA from the University of North Texas. He also holds both the SPHR and SHRM-SCP certifications in Human Resources.
CLOSE
Valeta Neal
VP of Outpatient Division
Valeta Neal has more than 30 years in the healthcare field and comes to Bradford from Brookwood Baptist Health Primary and Specialty Care Network as their chief executive officer. Responsible for developing outpatient programs, Valeta worked closely with the physician and operations staff. Her experience as a strategic and operational leader is instrumental in her role as VP of the Outpatient Division. Early in her career, she found that she enjoyed the healthcare culture, which offered the opportunity to focus on financial performance, planning and operations in an industry whose mission is to promote health, quality and service. Valeta received her Bachelor of Science in Business from the University of Alabama, Birmingham.
CLOSE
Chat confidentially with a recovery advisor
CLOSE
Online bill payment is coming soon so check back with us again. In the meantime, you can pay your bill by calling us at 1-800-284-2615.
X
Will Ivey, Bradford’s Corporate Controller, is in charge of all of our accounting and finance functions. Before joining us, he worked in the clinical and genetics laboratory space, where he was responsible for finance, revenue-cycle and managed-care operations. He also has substantial experience with a regional public accounting firm, where he provided audit and consulting services to healthcare organizations.
A veteran of the United States Navy, Will is a CPA and holds an MBA degree from Auburn University. He’s an active member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Alabama Society of Certified Public Accountants.
CLOSE
Jackie Fazeli, RN, MSW, has served Bradford and our patients in various capacities for more than 20 years. Since 2000, she’s held the key role of Healthcare Professional Advocate in our Healthcare Professional Program (HCP), located in Warrior, Alabama.
Drawing on her expertise as both a registered nurse and a social worker, Jackie manages the evaluation of all patients. She and her three-member team make sure that the complex needs of health professionals in our care are being met.
Since 1998, Jackie has developed and presented workshops on addiction issues. Her focus for the past 15 years has been on women’s issues and health professionals with substance-use disorders.
CLOSE
Michael Wilkerson, M.D., FASAM
Medical Director
Dr. Mike is Medical Director of Bradford’s large facility in Warrior, Alabama. He’s been a member of our team since 2006, after serving as medical director for two other healthcare providers.
Renowned for his work in addiction treatment, he is a specialist in treating addiction in healthcare professionals. At Bradford, he directs one of the leading addiction-recovery programs for people in the healing professions … in the U.S. and beyond.
Dr. Mike earned his undergraduate degree from Furman University and his M.D. degree from the Medical University of South Carolina. He completed his internship and residency at New Hanover Memorial Hospital in Wilmington, N.C. In addition to holding many professional licenses and certifications, Dr. Mike is a Fellow of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
CLOSE