https://braidvet.co.uk/recruitment-privacy-policy/
Home > Recruitment Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for Recruitment
Introduction
Braid Vets respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through recruitment.
It is important you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identify has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data including first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data including email address, home address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data including internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our website.
Job Application Data including your preferred place of work, preferred role, and the CV that you provide to us. It is your choice what to include on your CV, but such a document would usually contain details of previous work experience and qualifications, as a minimum.
We may collect Special Categories of Personal Data relating to your race or ethnicity for equality monitoring purposes. We do not collect any other Special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). We may only collect information about criminal convictions and offences where we are allowed to do so by law.
If you fail to provide personal data
We need to collect details of your identity, ways to contact you, and your CV in order to assess your suitability for available vacancies. Therefore, if you fail to provide that data when requested, we will not be able to enter into a contract with you.
How we collect your personal data
Direct interactions – you may give us your Identity, Contact details, and Job Application Data by filling in the recruitment form on our website, or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
Automated technologies or interactions – as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties – we occasionally make use of third parties, such as recruitment agencies, who may share your Identity, Contact details, and Job Application Data with us in order to introduce you to a specific role. In such cases we insist that the third party ask for your consent before sharing your personal data with us.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Specifically, we will use your personal data to:
identify you each time you visit a website;
process applications submitted by you;
assess your suitability for available roles at VetPartners and our practices;
send you information we think you may find useful, including information about new products and services (where you have consented to receiving these kinds of messages).
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data in line with our Data Protection Policy and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Sharing your personal data
We will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties unless we have a lawful basis to do so.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Braid Vets and/or its staff.
Data retention
We keep information about employees for 6 years after employment ceases for legal reasons.
Personal data for unsuccessful candidates will be kept for 6 months.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a ‘data subject access request’)
Request correction of personal data we hold on you.
Request erasure of your personal data. However, there may be specific legal reasons why we are not able to comply with this request.
Object to processing your personal data.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or a third party.
Withdraw consent where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at dataprotection@vetpartners.co.uk.
© 2020 Braid Vets.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Recruitment Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions