https://breakspearmedical.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
TwitterFacebookYoutube
+44 (0)1442 261 333
info@breakspearmedical.com
Home » Privacy policy
We are committed to protecting your personal information and to being transparent about the information we are collecting about you and what we do with it.
Electronic information of website users
To reflect the newest changes in data protection law, and our commitment to transparency, we have updated and made public our Privacy Policy to explain how we use personal information.
Where Breakspear Medical is using your personal information based on your express consent to this, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw your consent please contact us: GDPR@breakspearmedical.com
Medical records of patients
If you are a patient of Breakspear Medical, your medical records information will never be shared with anyone except to meet our legal and regulatory obligations or with your express consent.
The contents of Breakspear Medical’s patients’ medical recordsare not covered under this Privacy Policy. Personal and medical information that patients have given us becomes part of their medical records at Breakspear Medical. Paper and electronic medical records are handled and stored within the buildings of Breakspear Medical and are not shared with anyone except to meet our legal and regulatory obligations or with the patient’s express consent. It is optional for patients to provide their email address and, if provided, it may be used to transmit personal correspondence and information of legitimate interest, unless they request to have their email address removed from our electronic records, which can be done in-person, in writing or by email: GDPR@breakspearmedical.com
Who we are
Breakspear Medical is the everyday name for Breakspear Medical Group Limited registered in England 2035350. The website www.breakspearmedical.com is owned by Breakspear Medical.
We will never sell or assign your personal information without your knowledge and/or approval.  Please read our entire Privacy Policy before considering sharing any personal identifiable information with us.
Why your data is collected
We use data collected for several different purposes. We will never sell your data to a third party.
Online shopping
When shopping online with Breakspear Medical, we want you to have the best experience possible. In order to provide you with the best service, including payment and delivery of your purchases, and to let you know about product offers, unique discounts and the latest news, we need to use your personal data and will store it securely.  Breakspear Medical does not store your payment details.
Lectures and sharing information
From time to time, we host lectures and seminars or are advised of events hosted by third parties that we feel that people who are interested in allergy and environmental medicine may wish to know about. You may unsubscribe to such notifications at any time by sending an email to: GDPR@breakspearmedical.com explaining that you do not wish to receive information about lectures and things we feel might be of interest to you.
Our newsletter
The Breakspear Medical Bulletin (our newsletter) is distributed in paper copy in-person at the clinic, through the post and online. You may choose to just receive the newsletter online and/or you can choose to be informed of lectures and seminars as well.  It is your choice. You may unsubscribe to the newsletter at any time by sending an email to: GDPR@breakspearmedical.com explaining that you do not wish to receive this newsletter.
How your data is collected
Your data can be collected in different ways including when you create an account or when sharing information to make an online purchase or by emailing an expression of interest to: info@breakspearmedical.com or GDPR@breakspearmedical.com.  All of your data is treated with considerable care and applicable methods are used to protect it.
By using, registering or placing an order on our website at www.breakspearmedical.com, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of our Privacy Policy. Since this is a growing website and because internet technologies are constantly evolving, our Policy is subject to change at any time and any changes will be posted on this page.
If you choose to engage with Breakspear Medical’s social media networks, the information that you provide will be linked to the business. At this time, Breakspear Medical is not collecting or storing any of this information.
This policy works hand-in-hand with our Terms and Conditions, found elsewhere on the website: Terms & conditions.
The Data Controller is Breakspear Medical Group Ltd, Hertfordshire House, Wood Lane, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire HP2 4FD.
What data is collected?
When you visit, register or order products or services at www.breakspearmedical.com, you will provide information from which you can be identified, including your name, email address, home or business address etc as well as text you may upload and other technical data such as the IP address of the machine you use. Breakspear Medical will not collect such information from users while they use the website unless they voluntarily provide it to us and authorise us to collect such information. Users may provide other information about themselves from which they can be identified.
When using the online shop, Breakspear Medical does not collect or store your payment details, however, to complete a sale, a secure third party payment system is used.
Breakspear Medical may use or disclose all such information in order to:
• fulfil a sale of a product or service including sharing such information with its contractors, partners and suppliers
• support marketing activities, including circulation of our newsletter
• respond to other enquires or requests by you
• provide information about specials, sales or new products or services that may be introduced in the future.
and will retain such information for the following period of time:
• for as long as you have your account with Breakspear Medical, or as long as is needed for us to be able to provide the relevant goods or services to you. Breakspear Medical’s general retention policy is to retain information for seven (7) years.
• In some circumstances, such as to meet our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our Terms & Conditions, we may hold on to your personal information after we’ve finished providing services to you, or for longer than our general retention policy.
We may also disclose personally identifiable information in the establishment or exercise of legal rights or defences against legal claims, to comply with applicable laws or regulations, to comply with a valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order or to investigate suspected fraud or a violation of our Terms and Conditions. We will never sell user information to any third party without your specific and unambiguous consent, except in connection with the sale or merger of Breakspear Medical or the division responsible for such services provided.
Breakspear Medical may, from time to time, send or post surveys or requests for your feedback in order to help us make our website and services better. Any responses we receive from users will be used only to evaluate our website and services and no personally identifiable information from respondents will be shared with any non-employees of Breakspear Medical except obligatory regulatory bodies and for the information provided in the Feedback/Comments areas.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may record and monitor incoming calls.
Users may request to be removed from emailing lists at any time by contacting Breakspear Medical:  GDPR@breakspearmedical.com  Online shop registered users may close their account at any time by logging in and choosing the option “Close account”.
What non-personally identifiable information does the company collect and how is it used?
Breakspear Medical collects and tracks certain non-personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, IP numbers and browser type, access times, domain names, usage habits and other information which does not specifically identify any individual.
Will your data be shared?
It is sometimes necessary to share or give access to your data to a third party for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. This can include sharing your address with a courier for your order to be delivered or with a company providing a service, such as those parties who process credit card payments and provide support services on our behalf.  We will never sell your data to a third party.
If our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
What you need to do now?
If you are happy to continue receiving emails from us, then no action is needed on your part. We will continue to let you know about our newsletter and/or great offers through the ‘legitimate interest’ part of the GDPR legislation.
If you no longer wish to receive emails from us, then either click on the opt out link or email:  GDPR@breakspearmedical.com stating your name and email address and you will be permanently removed from our list, unless you write to us and let us know that you wish to be put back on the list.
Does Breakspear Medical use cookies?
Cookies are small text files that a website can write to your computer. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We use cookies to identify you and allow you to log in once to our website and search or post without having to log in again and again. Cookies are also used by our affiliates or links to identify you as a User of www.breakspearmedical.com
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage or block them and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Breakspear Medical does not use cookies to store information such as credit card numbers, telephone numbers, or other information you provide.
This Privacy Policy only covers the use of cookies by Breakspear Medical. It does not cover the use of cookies by any other third party or advertisers.
Is my information private with third party partners?
The Breakspear Medical website may contain links to various third party websites and the external websites’ third party partners. Each of these websites may have a privacy policy that differs from that of Breakspear Medical. This Policy does not cover the privacy policies of other websites. We urge you to check the privacy policies of each website that you may visit or interact with.
Order information, including order numbers and amounts, may be available to Breakspear Medical and third party affiliate program management companies, for accurate tracking purposes. Breakspear Medical will not release this information to other parties unless you request it.
What about data security?
We employ security measures to protect, so far as reasonably possible, your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires or permits.
Breakspear Medical requires that our partners ensure the security of the data that users provide to them, however, in the event of a breach of their security measures, you agree that Breakspear Medical will not be liable for any losses or damages.
Breakspear Medical limits access to personal information about users to employees, for whom we reasonably believe it is necessary, in order to provide products or services.
May I see the information Breakspear Medical collects about me?
You are entitled to see the personal information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us at: GDPR@breakspearmedical.com.
We do not raise any charge in providing you with details of the electronically-attained information we hold about you, but we may raise a charge where such requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character. We may either charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested or refuse to act on the request.
Note: as stated previously, a patient’s Medical Records and other information relating to their condition/treatment, accounting records, correspondence and other information obtained while under medical care is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Can I opt-out?
Breakspear Medical gives users the option to remove personally identifiable information from our list of active users.
You may also choose to opt-out of certain communications from Breakspear Medical, such as our newsletter.
If you want to unsubscribe or opt-out of communications from us, send an email with your name and email address to: GDPR@breakspearmedical.com. We will endeavour to respond within 72 hours.
Breakspear Medical is not responsible for removing personally identifiable information from the lists of any third party partner who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Policy.
Where is the website located?
Breakspear Medical’s website is maintained in the United Kingdom. If you are located outside of the UK, by using the website, you authorise the import of your information and its use, as specified in this Policy.
What is the minimum age to use this website?
Use of www.breakspearmedical.com and products/services are intended for persons who are sixteen (16) years or older, or business entities. If proof comes to the attention of Breakspear Medical that an individual user is under the age of sixteen (16) years, and is accessing our services and/or products without the consent, approval or authorisation of their parents or legal guardian or other person with legally recognised parental authority, Breakspear Medical will immediately terminate such an account.
Will there be changes to this Privacy Policy?
Breakspear Medical reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time, in the event that this becomes necessary after initial release, or in the event that it becomes necessary with respect to additional, deleted, modified or amended services provided by Breakspear Medical.
Breakspear Medical will not personally notify you of any amendments to this Policy. Users are urged to check this Policy frequently in order to determine whether any changes have been made. Users understand and agree that continued use of the Breakspear Medical website assumes that they have read and accepted this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.
Where can I access this policy?
This Policy is accessible from the footer on all webpages on www.breakspearmedical.com.
Spyware
Breakspear Medical never uses or installs spyware on user computers, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from user computers.
Section Titles
The section titles used in this Policy are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Payment Partners
Breakspear Medical uses a payment centre as an online payment option, and all users are subject to their individual terms of use, privacy policies and other legal requirements. Users are encouraged to review the Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and other legal disclosures of payment partners.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to GDPR@breakspearmedical.com, telephone (+44) 1442 261333.
What is the effective date of this privacy policy?
This Privacy Policy was last updated, and became effective, on 24.05.2018.
Share This
Tweet
Share
Share
Email
Need help? If you would like any assistance with patient information or any of the patient forms, please do not hesitate to get in touch.
Tel: +44 (0)1442 261 333
Fax: +44 (0) 1442 266 388
Email: info@breakspearmedical.com
Opening hours Monday – Friday
09:00 – 17:00
If you don't wish to place an order online, or don't live in the UK, please contact our Pharmacy Department at +44 (0)1442 261 333 during opening hours (9:00am-5:00pm, Monday through Friday) or email: pharmacy3@breakspearmedical.com to place your order.
Get in touch
Registered in England. Company Registration Number 02035350.
Breakspear Medical is registered with The Care Quality Commission.
Our registration number is C010000662.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Accessibility
© 2020 Breakspear Medical Group Ltd. All rights reserved.
Back To Top