https://burgerrehab.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
It is the Burger Rehabilitation Systems, Inc.’s policy to respect and protect the privacy of our members and the users of www.burgerrehab.com (hereinafter, the “Site”).
Through this Privacy Statement, we want to reassure users of the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a manner different than as set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement.
Burger Rehabilitation Systems, Inc. collects and/or requests information when a user:
Submits an application or other document online
Submits an E-mail for any reason
Prints and completes any form data (which is returned via fax or mail)
We use this information for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our site, and communicating with you via email, regular mail, or phone.
Our Site also contains links to external Internet sites which may be operated by an external party and they may have privacy practices that differ from those here at www.burgerrehab.com. When you click on links that take you to such external sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies, and we encourage you to become familiar with that party’s privacy policies as these may differ from those utilized on our Site. Please note that this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Burger Rehabilitation Systems, Inc. on our Site and, while we strongly support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other Websites, uses of the information collected by other Websites, or the content of those other Websites.
Consent
By using our Site, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement and the Site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by Burger Rehabilitation Systems, Inc. as disclosed in this Internet Privacy Statement. We may revise this Internet Privacy Statement or the Site Terms of Use at any time by updating these postings. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions in effect at the time of use and should therefore periodically visit this page and the Site Terms of Use page to determine the then current policies applicable to users of the Site.
If you change your mind and decide you do not wish to receive informational or promotional material in the future, or if you wish to correct or update any contact information you previously provided, please let us know at eburger@burger-rehab.com. Or, you may call us directly at (916) 983-5915.
Contact Information Main Office
1301 East Bidwell Street #201 (map)
Folsom, CA 95630
Phone: (800) 900-8491
Fax: (916) 983-5925
info@burgerrehab.com
Customer Service Center
Phone: (916) 983-5905
Fax: (916) 983-5906
appointments@burgerrehab.com