https://burzynskiclinic.com/privacy-policy/
Request an Appointment
Toll Free 1 (800) 714-7181 International Callers: +1 (713) 335-5697
×
Home
Our Clinic
About Us
Dr. S. R. Burzynski, MD, PHD
Our Physicians
Services
Treatment Options
Clinical Trials
Scientific Publications
Patient Stories
Info
Map & Directions
The Patient’s & Visitor’s Guide
Contact
MENU
Privacy Policy
Your use of Burzynskiclinic.com/Cancermed.com is subject to the S.R. Burzynski Internet Privacy Policy. The privacy of all users of our web sites and the confidentiality of their personal information is our priority.
Your personal information is not required to visit our web sites. If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still visit our web sites. Access to some areas of our site or certain services may require appropriate authorization. In that case, your unique user ID and password is required. Access to some areas of our sites or certain services may require some of your personal information. In that case, this personal information will only be collected if specifically and voluntarily provided and authorized by you.
Personally identifying information collected will be used only in connection with Burzynskiclinic.com/Cancermed.com or for such purposes as are described at the point of collection. Some information collected is for statistical purposes only. S.R. Burzynski performs analyses of user behavior in order to measure customer interest in the various areas of our sites.
S.R. Burzynski will make every reasonable effort to protect the personal information that you share with us as outlined in our Internet Privacy Policy. S.R. Burzynski does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information to third parties, unless specifically and voluntarily provided and authorized by you.
You do not need to have persistent cookies enabled to visit Burzynskiclinic.com/Cancermed.com. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser, along with a web page, when you access a web site. A cookie might track the pages you’ve visited, and the date when you last looked at a specific page. There are two kinds of cookies. A session cookie is a line of text that is stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. Because a session cookie is never written to a drive, it is destroyed as soon as you close your browser. A persistent cookie is a more permanent line of text that gets saved by your browser to a file on your hard drive.
While S.R. Burzynski will make every attempt to protect the personal information that you share with us, the use of electronic mail (e-mail) is not secure against interception. You should take any appropriate steps to assure yourself that your communication is protected.
Copyright ©2020 All Rights Reserved
Maintenance & Hosting by Houston Web Design and Hosting, Inc.