https://cancer-network.org/privacy-policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://cancer-network.org.
Our mailing address is: 11 South Angell Street #377 Providence, RI 02906
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact Information
Your contact information is only collected if you choose to provide it to us through our mailing list, when making a donation, or creating an account on this site. This information is stored and may be deleted as described below.
Mailing List and MembershipWe collect and manage membership and mailing list data with Airtable.com and your data resides on Airtable.com servers. We do not share this information.
The Airtable.com privacy policy is here: https://airtable.com/privacy
DonationsWe collect donations with Givelively.org and the transaction data resides on the Givelively.org servers.
We do not share this information.
The Give Lively privacy policy is here: https://www.givelively.org/privacy
Security Logs
The IP address of visitors, user ID of logged in users, and username of login attempts are conditionally logged to check for malicious activity and to protect the site from specific kinds of attacks. Examples of conditions when logging occurs include login attempts, log out requests, requests for suspicious URLs, changes to site content, and password updates. This information is retained for 14 days.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. The cookies we use primarily help us understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement.
For users with accounts, we use cookies to make the website function properly when users log in.
We also use cookies to save your cookie preference settings.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand how our site is being used so we can know how to improve it.
Google Analytics uses cookies to track user behavior and the collected data is anonymized so that it cannot be connected to any individual user.
The Google Analytics data policy is here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
You may opt out of Google Analytics in the cookie settings presented to you when you first arrived at our site or by following this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Contributors to this site
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
If you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Who we share your data with
Contact Information
Your contact information is not shared with anyone outside of the The National LGBT Cancer Network. We use the following platforms to collect donations and manage our mailing list.
Personal data you provide us is stored on these platforms:
Airtable.comGivelively.com
Security Check
When running Security Check, ithemes.com will be contacted as part of a process to determine if the site supports TLS/SSL requests. No personal data is sent to ithemes.com as part of this process. Requests to ithemes.com include the site’s URL. For ithemes.com privacy policy details, please see the iThemes Privacy Policy.
This site is part of a network of sites that protect against distributed brute force attacks. To enable this protection, the IP address of visitors attempting to log into the site is shared with a service provided by ithemes.com. For privacy policy details, please see the iThemes Privacy Policy.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Additional data will be stored as follows:
Anonymized Google Analytics data will be stored indefinitely.Mailing list contact data will be stored until we receive a request to delete your data.
Donation transaction data will be stored indefinitely, but you may request that we delete your contact information after the donation has been processed and a confirmation email has been sent.Security logs are retained for 14 days.
Data removal requests should be sent to info@cancer-network.org.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
You may request that we delete your data from our mailing list, donation list or this website by sending an email to: info@cancer-network.org.
Additional information
How we protect your data
If you have an account on this site, your personal data will be stored securely on this site.
This website is built with WordPress and you can read more about WordPress security here.
We also use iThemes Security to protect the site.
For privacy policy details, please see the iThemes Privacy Policy. Mailing list and donation data is not stored on this site.
Contact and donation data is stored on the third-party sites as described above and is protected by those sites.
This site uses an encrypted SSL connection.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If we find that your data has been compromised will will immediately work to secure our site and notify you of the breach.
If we are informed of a security breach affecting your data on a third party site that we use, we
will contact you by email.
The third party site will remediate the situation according to their data protection policies.
We use cookies on our website. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Analytics
analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand how visitors interact with the website, and Google Analytics sets cookies. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
We have set our
analytics data to be anonymized before it is stored so that we don’t have any information that could be used to identify users.
Preferences
preferences
Preference cookies are used to store user preferences to provide content that is customized and convenient for the users, like the language of the website or the location of the visitor.
Advertisement
advertisement
Our site does not display advertisements, however, embedded content from other sites may have advertisements and set cookies. Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Undefined cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Functional
functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Save & Accept