https://canceradvocacy.org/terms-conditions/
Year-End MATCH: Donate & Make a Difference | DONATE
You are here: Home1 / Terms & Conditions
NCCS Terms and Conditions
Last updated: January 24, 2018
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the www.canceradvocacy.org website (the “Service”) operated by National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service (“Purchase”), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.
The service may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.
We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC its affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Maryland, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please Contact Us.
Related NewsDecember 9, 2020The National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS) recently submitted comments…Read more
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/HHS-Humphrey-bldg-1200-1030x515-1.jpg
515
1030
NCCS Staff
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/NCCA-Logo.png
NCCS Staff2020-12-09 17:30:502020-12-10 08:22:55NCCS Letter to HHS: Proposed Regulatory Review Rule Would Create Unnecessary Uncertainty for PatientsDecember 3, 2020The National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS) opposes the Most Favored Nation…Read more
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/HHS-Humphrey-bldg-1200.jpg
600
1200
NCCS Staff
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/NCCA-Logo.png
NCCS Staff2020-12-03 21:26:462020-12-03 21:28:06NCCS Opposes Most Favored Nation (MFN) Rule: New Medicare Part B Drug Payment Model Will Harm PatientsNovember 19, 2020(Silver Spring, MD) – The National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS) presented…Read more
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/Stovall-Award-2020-feat2.jpg
635
1200
NCCS Staff
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/NCCA-Logo.png
NCCS Staff2020-11-19 01:07:452020-12-04 19:08:17NCCS Presents 5th Annual Ellen L. Stovall Award to Julia H. Rowland, PhD and Thomas J. Smith, MD for Their Innovation and Dedication to Cancer Survivors
Take Action
Stovall Award
The Ellen L. Stovall Award for Innovation in Patient-Centered Cancer Care is a unique opportunity for patients and survivors to recognize pioneers who are transforming the cancer care system.
Join CPAT
The NCCS Cancer Policy & Advocacy Team (CPAT) is a program for survivors and caregivers to learn about pressing policy issues that affect quality cancer care in order to be engaged as advocates in public policy around the needs of cancer survivors.
Share Your Story
NCCS represents the millions of Americans who share a common experience – the survivorship experience – living with, through and beyond a cancer diagnosis.
STAY CONNECTEDTogether we can improve cancer care for survivors! Sign up to be the first to know about cancer policy issues and ways to take action
Email*
First Name*Last Name*CAPTCHA
About
Our Mission
Our History
Our Leadership
Policy Advisors
Employment
Partnerships
Financial Information
Policy
Quality Cancer Care
Access to Care
Health Equity
Redefining Functional Status (RFS)
2020 State of Cancer Survivorship Survey
Cancer Care Planning and Communications Act (CCPCA)
Get Involved
What is Advocacy?
Cancer Policy and Advocacy Team (CPAT)
Elevating Survivorship
Survivor Stories
Cancerversary
State Based Cancer Advocacy
Resources
Survivorship Checklist
Cancer Survival Toolbox
Telehealth
Publications
Talking With Your Doctor
Self Advocacy
Employment Rights
Remaining Hopeful
Taking Charge of Your Care
Care Planning for Cancer Survivors
Tools For Care Providers
COVID-19 Resources for Cancer Survivors
Order Our Resources
News
Cancer Convos Podcast
Events
Ellen L. Stovall Award
2020 Stovall Awards
Honorees
Sponsors
Committees
Reception
Nominations
Cancer Policy Roundtable
Fall 2020 Cancer Policy Roundtable
Spring 2020 Cancer Policy Roundtable
Cancer Policy and Advocacy Team (CPAT) Symposium 2020
Webinars
Contact Us
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship
8455 Colesville Road  |  Suite 930  |  Silver Spring, MD 20910
877-NCCS-YES  |  info@canceradvocacy.org
Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 1995-2020 by the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, NCCS, Cancer Survival Toolbox, and related Logos are registered in the United States as trademarks of the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship.
Scroll to top
Be a Champion for Cancer Survivors
Make your year-end donation today. Your gift will be MATCHED, dollar for dollar, and your impact DOUBLED!
DONATE & MAKE A DIFFERENCE
×
Our Stovall Awards ceremony
Gift Amount*$25$50$100$250$500OtherEnter Gift Amount*
checkbox
This gift is in honor or in memory of a friend or loved one.
Tribute InformationIn honor ofIn memory ofName
First Name
Last Name
Your Name*
First
Last
Email Address*
Billing Address*
Street Address
Address Line 2
City
State
ZIP Code
Credit Card*
American ExpressDiscoverMasterCardVisa
Card Number
Month010203040506070809101112
Year20202021202220232024202520262027202820292030203120322033203420352036203720382039
Expiration Date
Security Code
Cardholder Name
checkbox-newsletter
Yes! I would like to receive the latest NCCS updates.
×
Harmar Brereton, MD
Founder
Northeast Regional Cancer Institute
“Perhaps one of the most impactful collaborations in Dr. Brereton’s extraordinary career remains his early work and long friendship with Ellen Stovall. Through him, and in turn through the thousands of lives he has touched, Ellen’s work continues, and her mission lives on.”
—Karen M. Saunders
President, Northeast Regional Cancer Institute
×
×