https://cancerletter.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYIntroductionThe Cancer Letter Inc. (“The Cancer Letter,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information about you because we are committed to protecting your privacy online. This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for cancerletter.com (the “Site”), and any other websites, apps, or services, in which The Cancer Letter has referred to or provided links to this Privacy Policy (collectively “Services”).By using the Services, you acknowledge you have read and accept this Privacy Policy.Modifications of the Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by means including, but not limited to issuing an email to the email address listed by registered users and posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site and appropriate areas of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address as a registered user, review the Site and this Privacy Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Services after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.Types of Information CollectedIn order to better provide you with our Services, we collect Personal Information about our users. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our Services.When you engage in certain activities with the Services, such as registering for a subscription, or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, we may ask that you provide us Personal Information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other information. When ordering products or services through the Services, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.When you use the Services, we gather other information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the website’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.Collection Methods and Use of InformationWe do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. You provide certain Personal Information to us when you: (a) register for our Services and register your email address with us; (b) send email messages, submit forms or transmit other information by telephone or letter; or (c) submit your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. We may also collect Personal Information from you at other points in the Services that state that such information is being collected.Our Services may use cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer and allow websites to remember information about users. We do not use cookies to track what other sites you have visited. We also do not use cookies to look at or track any personal or confidential information about you. We do use cookies in order to enhance the quality of our Services, such as to enable authorization control for online subscriptions and to collect usage statistics of our Services.You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some Services may not work properly for you. We use your IP address to verify institutional subscriptions, diagnose problems with our servers or software, and to administer our Services.We will primarily use your Personal Information to provide our Services to you, as required by our agreements with you. We will also use Personal Information to enhance the operation of our Services, process subscriptions, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze use of the Services, improve our Services, and customize our Services’ content, layout, and services. We may use Personal Information to deliver information to you and to contact you regarding administrative notices. We may also use Personal Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy.Release of InformationWe do not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information to others. We do provide some of our Services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties. We and our service partners use your Personal Information to operate our Services. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on the Site.We will encourage our service partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personal Information by our service partners is governed by the privacy policies of those service partners, and is not subject to our control.Occasionally we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.We may also provide information about our customers’ sales, traffic patterns, and related Services information to third party advertisers, but these statistics do not include any Personal Information.Updating and Correcting InformationWe believe you should have the ability to access and edit the Personal Information that you have provided to us. You may change any of your Personal Information in your account online at any time by linking to your account in accordance with instructions posted elsewhere on the Site. You may also access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences by emailing privacy@cancerletter.com or writing us at:The Cancer Letter Inc. Attn.: Privacy Compliance Officer P.O. Box 9905 Washington, D.C. 20016Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.We encourage you to promptly update your Personal Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions of the Services. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.Security of InformationThe importance of security for all Personal Information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. Your Personal Information is protected in several ways. If you are an individual subscriber, your access to your Personal Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Personal Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to via password. We encrypt your Personal Information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to us. We only maintain your Personal Information during your use of the Services and for a reasonable time thereafter.In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process your order.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Services cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.Privacy Policies of Third Party SitesExcept as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other sites accessible through our Services have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Additionally, other companies which place advertising on our Services may collect information about you when you click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) NoticeIf you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. We may collect and use your information only where: (i) we need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features, and to protect the safety and security of the Services; (ii) it satisfies a legitimate interest that is not overridden by your data protection interests, such as for research and development, to promote the Services, and to protect our legal rights and interests; (iii) you give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or (iv) we need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.Individuals in the EEA (“Data Subjects”) have the following rights under the GDPR, and we will fully respect your rights regarding the processing of your Personal Information:The right to be informed; this means anyone processing your personal data must make clear what they are processing, why, and who else the data may be passed to.The right of access; this is your right to see what data is held about you.The right to rectification; the right to have your data corrected or amended if what is held is incorrect in some way.The right to erasure; under certain circumstances you can ask for your personal data to be deleted. This is also called ‘the Right to be Forgotten’. This would apply if the personal data is no longer required for the purposes it was collected for, or your consent for the processing of that data has been withdrawn, or the personal data has been unlawfully processed.The right to restrict processing; this gives the Data Subject the right to ask for a temporary halt to processing of personal data, such as in the case where a dispute or legal case has to be concluded, or the data is being corrected.The right to data portability; a Data Subject has the right to ask for any data supplied directly to the data processor by him or her, to be provided in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.The right to object; the Data Subject has the right to object to further processing of their data which is inconsistent with the primary purpose for which it was collected, including profiling, automation, and direct marketing.Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling; Data Subjects have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.Please contact us at the information provided below if you have any concerns or questions regarding how we process your data, or if you wish to exercise any rights you have under the GDPR.Miscellaneous Privacy IssuesYou must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use our Services. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information about visitors that are under 18 years of age. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Services, or your dealings with the Services, please contact us by emailing privacy@cancerletter.com or sending a letter to:The Cancer Letter Inc. Attn.: Privacy Compliance Officer P.O. Box 9905 Washington, D.C. 20016
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Gmail
Print Friendly