http://cancer.iu.edu/privacy/index.php
Skip to Content
.
Indiana University Indiana University IU
Search
IU Simon Comprehensive Cancer Center Indiana University Melvin and Bren Simon Comprehensive Cancer CenterA National Cancer Institute Comprehensive Cancer Center
About UsMission & GoalsLeadershipPartnersTravelResearch & Clinical TrialsClinical TrialsResearch ProgramsDHART SPOREIndiana Genitourinary Cancers Research ConsortiumMember DirectoryBecome a MemberShared FacilitiesResearch ResourcesFunding OpportunitiesRefer a PatientCareer Enhancement & Related ActivitiesAimsTraining ProgramsFellowshipsPresentationsCancer Research DayAmelia Project Andrea Gianaris Pancreatic Cancer SymposiumNews & PublicationsNewsNews ArchivesPublicationsOffice of Community Outreach &
EngagementGivingStaff LoginPatient Care at IU HealthIU School of Medicine
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Effective: October 2013
Applicability
This privacy notice applies only to the IU Simon Cancer Center (http://www.cancer.iu.edu) and explains our practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of visitor information. Visitor information collected by the IU Simon Cancer Center will be used only as outlined in this privacy notice.
Other units at the university may collect and use visitor information in different ways. Therefore, visitors to other university websites should review the privacy notices for the particular sites they visit. The IU Simon Cancer Center is not responsible for the content of other websites or for the privacy practices of websites outside the scope of this notice.
Changes
Because Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly, the IU Simon Cancer Center may make appropriate changes to this notice in the future. Any such changes will be consistent with our commitment to respecting visitor privacy, and will be clearly posted in a revised privacy notice.
Collection and Use
Passive/Automatic Collection
When you view pages on our site, the web server automatically collects certain technical information from your computer and about your connection.
This website is hosted on Webserve, a shared web hosting environment provided by IU’s University Information Technology Services. For more information about privacy practices related to Webserve, read the Webserve Privacy Notice Supplement.
In addition to any information collected by Webserve, our server and/or site collects the following:
The domain name from which you visit our site
Aggregate information on pages visited
The referring website
The date and time of visit
The duration of visit
Your browser type
Your screen resolution
Aggregate data collected by Google Analytics
Continued use of our website indicates consent to the collection, use and disclosure of this information as described in this notice.
Some technical information is retained in aggregate for up to 730 days.
Active/Manual/Voluntary Collection
Other than automatically collected technical information about your visit (described above, or cookies, described below), we may ask you to provide information voluntarily, such as through forms or other manual input — in order to make products and services available to you; to maintain and manage our relationship with you, including providing associated services; or to better understand and serve your needs. This information is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with us. Your providing this information is wholly voluntary. However, not providing the requested information (or subsequently asking that the data be removed) may affect our ability to deliver the products or services for which the information is needed. Providing the requested information indicates your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of this information as described in this notice. Information we may actively collect could include:
Name
Address
Telephone number
Fax number
Information Usage
This information is:
Used for internal review and is then discarded
Used to improve the content of our site
Information Sharing
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations.
We do not share any personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations, except when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
Except as described above, we will not share any information with any party for any reason.
Except as provided in the Disclosure of Information section below, we do not attempt to use the technical information discussed in this section to identify individual visitors.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive and contains information about your visit to a web page. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify you and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
To customize the information and services offered to you, our site uses cookies to:
Record aggregate Google Analytics data in order to provide better service on our website
Children
This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children’s Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.
Use of Third-Party Services
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies (described above) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
For more information, please visit Google’s Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Information
Other than sharing your information with other appropriate university personnel and units to ensure the quality, functionality and security of our website, or manage your relationship with us, we will not disclose personally identifiable information about your use of the site except under the following circumstances:
With your prior written (including email) consent
When we have given you clear notice that we will disclose information that you voluntarily provide
With appropriate external parties, such as law enforcement agencies, in order to investigate and respond to suspected violations of law or university policy. Any such disclosures shall comply with all applicable laws and university policies.
Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to university websites, and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your information, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data being stored to maintain the security of that information on our systems.
In addition, we will comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding the privacy and security of visitor information.
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Privacy Notice Changes
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
Only data collected from the time of the policy change forward will be used for these new purposes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us via email at iuccit@iupui.edu.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated policy and communicating with the owner of this site does not resolve the matter, or if you have general questions or concerns about privacy or information technology policy at Indiana University, please contact the university’s chief privacy officer through the University Information Policy Office, (812) 855-UIPO, privacy@iu.edu.
Fundraising Disclosures: http://go.iu.edu/89n
Copyright ©
The Trustees of Indiana University, Copyright Complaints, Privacy Notice
Indiana University Melvin and Bren Simon Comprehensive Cancer Center | 535 Barnhill Drive | Indianapolis, IN 46202 Patient Care: (888) 600-4822 | Administrative Office: (317) 278-0070
For accessibility or website issues, contact the webmaster.