https://canceraustralia.gov.au/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Affected by Cancer
Healthy Living
Clinical Best Practice
Research & Data
Publications & Resources
About Us
Home
Affected by Cancer
What is cancer
Cancer A-Z
Cancer statistics
Interactive body map
Check your cancer risk online
Treatment
Living with cancer
Life after cancer
For Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people
Cancer support organisations
Australian cancer trials
Jeannie Ferris Award
Information about cancer and COVID-19
Culturally and Linguistically Diverse (CALD) Resources
Bladder cancer
Bowel cancer
Brain cancer
Breast cancer
Breast cancer in men
Breast cancer in young women
Cervical cancer
Children's Cancer
Endometrial cancer
Fallopian cancer
Gestational trophoblastic disease
Gynaecological cancers
Head and neck cancer
Kidney cancer
Leukaemia
Liver cancer
Lung cancer
Lymphoma
Melanoma of the skin
Mesothelioma cancer
Myeloma
Neuroendocrine tumours
Oesophageal cancer
Ovarian cancer
Pancreatic cancer
Prostate cancer
Sarcoma
Stomach cancer
Testicular cancer
Thyroid cancer
Unknown primary
Uterine sarcoma
Vaginal cancer
Vulval cancer
Healthy Living
Lifestyle & risk reduction
Screening
Clinical Best Practice
Cancer types
Psychosocial care
Multidisciplinary care
Cancer learning
Australian cancer trials
Consumer engagement
Shared follow-up care
Research & Data
Research
Grants and funding
Support for clinical trials
Cancer data
Publications & Resources
Cancer Australia publications
Position statements
Clinical Practice Guidelines
Cancer Australia websites
Cancer risk online tools
Other tools and resources
Podcasts
Subscribe to our eNewsletter
Glossary
About Us
Strategic Plan 2014-2019
Organisational structure
Accountability and reporting
Position Statements
Who we work with
Lung Cancer Screening enquiry
National Pancreatic Cancer Roadmap
News
Media
Campaigns & events
Information publication scheme
Reconciliation action plan
Employment opportunities
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Home>About us>
A
A
Privacy and security information for users of the Cancer Australia website.
Privacy Statement
Cancer Australia is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the Privacy Commissioner’s Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government World Wide Websites (https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/guidance-and-advice). The guidelines set out the requirements for transparent collection, appropriate and ethical use and secure storage of personal information. Our aim is to provide an online environment which will ensure the information you provide to us is handled in a secure, efficient and confidential manner.
Information collection and privacy protection
This statement outlines our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. Cancer Australia is subject to the Privacy Act 1988 and these practices have been developed for the purpose of complying with that Act (a copy of the Act is available at COMLAW (http://www.comlaw.gov.au). Any information you provide to Cancer Australia will only be used for the purpose for which you provide it and will not be disclosed to any other party unless your written consent has been obtained.
When the personal information that we collect is no longer required, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner, in accordance with the Administrative Functions Disposal Authority (AFDA).
Your email address
Cancer Australia will only record your email address if you send us a message by email, or if you register requesting notifications by email. If you do not want your email address to be recorded by Cancer Australia, you can send a postal mail or facsimile to the address below. Your email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it, and will not be added to any mailing lists without your prior consent by way of a specific request in writing. We will not use or disclose your email address for any other purpose, without your prior written consent.
Cookies
Cancer Australia uses 'cookies' for maintaining contact with a user through a website session. A cookie is a small file supplied by Cancer Australia, and stored by the web browser software on your computer when you access our site. (An explanation of cookies can be found at the site of the Privacy Commissioner at: https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints). Cookies allow us to recognise you as an individual, as you move from one of our web pages to another.
All cookies will be immediately lost when you end your internet session or shut down your computer. Our copy of your information will be automatically deleted twenty minutes after you last used the system. This information is only used to help you use our website systems more efficiently, not to track your movements through the internet, or to record private information about you.
No attempt will be made to identify anonymous users or their browsing activities unless legally compelled to do so, such as in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet Service Provider's log files.
Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites which are external to Cancer Australia.  Cancer Australia takes reasonable care in selecting linking websites but accepts no responsibility for material contained in a website that is linked to this site. It is the responsibility of the user to make their own decisions about the accuracy, currency, reliability and correctness of information contained in linked external websites.
Links to external websites are provided for the user’s convenience and do not constitute an endorsement or a recommendation of any third party products or services offered by virtue of any information, material or content linked from or to this site. Users of links provided by this site are responsible for being aware of which organisation is hosting the site they visit.
Views or recommendations provided in linked sites may include the views or recommendations of third parties and do not necessarily reflect those of the Commonwealth or indicate a commitment to a particular course of action.
Reciprocal links
Cancer Australia does not engage in reciprocal links with other websites, however other websites are welcome to link to Cancer Australia.
SurveyMonkey
Cancer Australia may use SurveyMonkey for the collection, aggregation and analysis of survey or consultation data. The information collected in these surveys is transmitted and stored securely in the United States and is accessed by Cancer Australia in accordance with this Privacy Statement. You may decline to provide this information by not responding to these surveys.
Security
Cancer Australia applies a range of security controls to protect its website from unauthorised access. However, users should be aware that the World Wide Web is an insecure public network that gives rise to a potential risk that a user's transactions are being viewed, intercepted or modified by third parties or that files which the user downloads may contain computer viruses, disabling codes, worms or other devices or defects. If you do not wish to email or send an online form to Cancer Australia, you can send a postal mail to the address below.
The Commonwealth accepts no liability for any interference with or damage to a user's computer system, software or data occurring in connection with or relating to this web site or its use. Users are encouraged to take appropriate and adequate precautions to ensure that whatever is selected from this site is free of viruses or other contamination that may interfere with or damage the user's computer system, software or data.
Access and correction
If an individual requests access to the personal information we hold about them, or requests that we change that personal information, we will allow access or make the changes unless we consider that there is a sound reason under the Privacy Act, FOI Act or other relevant law to withhold the information, or not make the changes.
If we do not agree to provide access to personal information or to amend or annotate the information we hold about them, the individual may seek a review of our decision or may appeal our decision under the FOI Act.
If we do not agree to make requested changes to personal information the individual may make a statement about the requested changes and we will attach this to the record.
Individuals can obtain further information about how to request access or changes to the information we hold about them by contacting us (see details below).
Complaints
Under the Privacy Act you can make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) about the handling of your personal information.  The OAIC provides guidance about how you lodge a complaint, what you can complain about, who you can complain about, possible outcomes, how much it costs to lodge a complaint and what you should include with your complaint. More information about how to lodge a complaint with the OAIC can be found on the Making a complaint page.
Queries, concerns and further information
If you have any queries, concerns or require further information relating to privacy and Cancer Australia, please email Cancer Australia at: corporate@canceraustralia.gov.au.
If you have concerns about emailing this site, please use our postal address:
Cancer Australia
Locked Bag 3
Strawberry Hills  NSW 2012
Sign up to our newsletter to stay up to date
Newsletter input:
About Cancer Australia
Cancer Australia was established by the Australian Government in 2006 to benefit all Australians affected by cancer, and their families and carers. Cancer Australia aims to reduce the impact of cancer, address disparities and improve outcomes for people affected by cancer by leading and coordinating national, evidence-based interventions across the continuum of care.
If you would like an interpreter to help you understand any information on this website, please call TIS National on 131 450 and ask them to call Cancer Australia on 02 9357 9400. Our business hours are 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday.
Freecall 1800 624 973
+61 2 9357 9400
Locked Bag 3, Strawberry Hills
NSW 2012
Navigation
Affected by Cancer
Healthy Living
Clinical Best Practice
Research & Data
Publications & Resources
About Us
Contact us
* Denotes mandatory fields
Full Name:
Email:
Message:
By submitting this form, you accept the Cancer Australia privacy policy.
Contact Us
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 - Cancer Australia