https://canceradvocacy.org/privacy-policy/
Year-End MATCH: Donate & Make a Difference | DONATE
You are here: Home1 / Privacy Policy
NCCS Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 14, 2018
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://canceradvocacy.org website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at http://canceradvocacy.org/about-us/terms-conditions/
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, home and email address, or telephone number (“Personal Information”).
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Behavioral Remarketing
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship INC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: https://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Do Not Track Disclosure
We support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks, such as email communications, on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
We use security measures that include, but are not limited to, industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, firewalls, and administrative policies to protect stored data. Personal Information submitted through the Service is transmitted using SSL encryption technology.
The Personal Information and donor data we collect is stored on secure password-protected servers using data encryption, sophisticated security protocols and monitoring tools, and is accessible only to staff who need to use it in the course of performing official duties.
All online transactions, including donations and store purchases, are transmitted to our payment processor using SSL encryption technology and processed on a secure server. We do not store personal credit card information after completion of a transaction.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 14, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please Contact Us.
Related NewsDecember 9, 2020The National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS) recently submitted comments…Read more
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/HHS-Humphrey-bldg-1200-1030x515-1.jpg
515
1030
NCCS Staff
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/NCCA-Logo.png
NCCS Staff2020-12-09 17:30:502020-12-10 08:22:55NCCS Letter to HHS: Proposed Regulatory Review Rule Would Create Unnecessary Uncertainty for PatientsDecember 3, 2020The National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS) opposes the Most Favored Nation…Read more
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/HHS-Humphrey-bldg-1200.jpg
600
1200
NCCS Staff
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/NCCA-Logo.png
NCCS Staff2020-12-03 21:26:462020-12-03 21:28:06NCCS Opposes Most Favored Nation (MFN) Rule: New Medicare Part B Drug Payment Model Will Harm PatientsNovember 19, 2020(Silver Spring, MD) – The National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship (NCCS) presented…Read more
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/Stovall-Award-2020-feat2.jpg
635
1200
NCCS Staff
https://canceradvocacy.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/NCCA-Logo.png
NCCS Staff2020-11-19 01:07:452020-12-04 19:08:17NCCS Presents 5th Annual Ellen L. Stovall Award to Julia H. Rowland, PhD and Thomas J. Smith, MD for Their Innovation and Dedication to Cancer Survivors
Take Action
Stovall Award
The Ellen L. Stovall Award for Innovation in Patient-Centered Cancer Care is a unique opportunity for patients and survivors to recognize pioneers who are transforming the cancer care system.
Join CPAT
The NCCS Cancer Policy & Advocacy Team (CPAT) is a program for survivors and caregivers to learn about pressing policy issues that affect quality cancer care in order to be engaged as advocates in public policy around the needs of cancer survivors.
Share Your Story
NCCS represents the millions of Americans who share a common experience – the survivorship experience – living with, through and beyond a cancer diagnosis.
STAY CONNECTEDTogether we can improve cancer care for survivors! Sign up to be the first to know about cancer policy issues and ways to take action
Email*
First Name*Last Name*CAPTCHA
About
Our Mission
Our History
Our Leadership
Policy Advisors
Employment
Partnerships
Financial Information
Policy
Quality Cancer Care
Access to Care
Health Equity
Redefining Functional Status (RFS)
2020 State of Cancer Survivorship Survey
Cancer Care Planning and Communications Act (CCPCA)
Get Involved
What is Advocacy?
Cancer Policy and Advocacy Team (CPAT)
Elevating Survivorship
Survivor Stories
Cancerversary
State Based Cancer Advocacy
Resources
Survivorship Checklist
Cancer Survival Toolbox
Telehealth
Publications
Talking With Your Doctor
Self Advocacy
Employment Rights
Remaining Hopeful
Taking Charge of Your Care
Care Planning for Cancer Survivors
Tools For Care Providers
COVID-19 Resources for Cancer Survivors
Order Our Resources
News
Cancer Convos Podcast
Events
Ellen L. Stovall Award
2020 Stovall Awards
Honorees
Sponsors
Committees
Reception
Nominations
Cancer Policy Roundtable
Fall 2020 Cancer Policy Roundtable
Spring 2020 Cancer Policy Roundtable
Cancer Policy and Advocacy Team (CPAT) Symposium 2020
Webinars
Contact Us
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship
8455 Colesville Road  |  Suite 930  |  Silver Spring, MD 20910
877-NCCS-YES  |  info@canceradvocacy.org
Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 1995-2020 by the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship
National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship, NCCS, Cancer Survival Toolbox, and related Logos are registered in the United States as trademarks of the National Coalition for Cancer Survivorship.
Scroll to top
Be a Champion for Cancer Survivors
Make your year-end donation today. Your gift will be MATCHED, dollar for dollar, and your impact DOUBLED!
DONATE & MAKE A DIFFERENCE
×
Our Stovall Awards ceremony
Gift Amount*$25$50$100$250$500OtherEnter Gift Amount*
checkbox
This gift is in honor or in memory of a friend or loved one.
Tribute InformationIn honor ofIn memory ofName
First Name
Last Name
Your Name*
First
Last
Email Address*
Billing Address*
Street Address
Address Line 2
City
State
ZIP Code
Credit Card*
American ExpressDiscoverMasterCardVisa
Card Number
Month010203040506070809101112
Year20202021202220232024202520262027202820292030203120322033203420352036203720382039
Expiration Date
Security Code
Cardholder Name
checkbox-newsletter
Yes! I would like to receive the latest NCCS updates.
×
Harmar Brereton, MD
Founder
Northeast Regional Cancer Institute
“Perhaps one of the most impactful collaborations in Dr. Brereton’s extraordinary career remains his early work and long friendship with Ellen Stovall. Through him, and in turn through the thousands of lives he has touched, Ellen’s work continues, and her mission lives on.”
—Karen M. Saunders
President, Northeast Regional Cancer Institute
×
×