http://cascadesummitvets.com/privacy-policy/
HomeServicesCANINE HEALTH CAREFELINE HEALTH CAREGENERAL MEDICINEPUPPY CAREKITTEN CARESENIOR DOG CARESENIOR CAT CARESURGERYDENTAL CAREDIAGNOSTIC SERVICESPHARMACYNUTRITION AND DIETPET MICROCHIPPINGTELEMEDICINEHolistic CareFrom Dr. ChattigreNATUROPATHIC CONSULTOSTEOPATHY CONSULTHOMEOPATHYACUPUNCTUREFOOD ALLERGIESHOMEMADE DIETSORTHOPEDIC MANIPULATIONFUNCTIONAL INDIRECT OSTEOPATHYHERBAL THERAPYSOUND THERAPYREIKIAboutCHRISTINE ORTNER, DVMLAUREN CHATTIGRE, DVMKali Wilson, DVMTerese DeManuelle, DVMSARAH ROBINSON, DVMLAURA LIU, DVMSTEPHANIE GODWIN, DVMSTAFFResourcesPOLICIESFORMSMobile AppOUR BLOGSARTICLES / LIBRARYOnline ReviewsLINKSVIDEO LIBRARYContactAppointmentsOnline SurveyEMERGENCYDirections
MenuHomeServicesCANINE HEALTH CAREFELINE HEALTH CAREGENERAL MEDICINEPUPPY CAREKITTEN CARESENIOR DOG CARESENIOR CAT CARESURGERYDENTAL CAREDIAGNOSTIC SERVICESPHARMACYNUTRITION AND DIETPET MICROCHIPPINGTELEMEDICINEHolistic CareFrom Dr. ChattigreNATUROPATHIC CONSULTOSTEOPATHY CONSULTHOMEOPATHYACUPUNCTUREFOOD ALLERGIESHOMEMADE DIETSORTHOPEDIC MANIPULATIONFUNCTIONAL INDIRECT OSTEOPATHYHERBAL THERAPYSOUND THERAPYREIKIAboutCHRISTINE ORTNER, DVMLAUREN CHATTIGRE, DVMKali Wilson, DVMTerese DeManuelle, DVMSARAH ROBINSON, DVMLAURA LIU, DVMSTEPHANIE GODWIN, DVMSTAFFResourcesPOLICIESFORMSMobile AppOUR BLOGSARTICLES / LIBRARYOnline ReviewsLINKSVIDEO LIBRARYContactAppointmentsOnline SurveyEMERGENCYDirections 503-655-1722 22320 Salamo RoadWest Linn, OR 97068
22320 Salamo Rd,West Linn, OR 97068 Call / Text: 503-655-1722
Home » PRIVACY POLICYPRIVACY POLICYYour privacy is very important to Cascade Summit Animal Hospital, and information you provide through this web site will remain confidential until you tell us that we can disclose it. This privacy policy tells you what information we might collect from you, and how we might use it. Information you choose to provide.You do not have to provide us with any information to use our website. You may choose to provide us with certain personal information so that you may receive further communication from us, such as a newsletter, announcements of company events, or a return phone call. Material you submit.You acknowledge that you are responsible for any submission you make, including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such material. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the website, blog or social media channels any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, or which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content onto the website.Except for any personally identifiable information we may collect from you in accordance with our Privacy Policy, all remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information that you communicate to Cascade Summit Animal Hospital through this website will become the property of Cascade Summit Animal Hospital. Cascade Summit Animal Hospital and its designees will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the materials you submit for any and all commercial or noncommercial purposes, without any obligation to compensate you or others for the materials.Web traffic monitoring.We use analytic software that monitors traffic on our website by recording each visitor’s domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and other similar information. We do not link this data to any specific person who browses the website. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Site may collect data and information about you and your use of the Site and the content, products and services available through the Site.  Data and information we collect may include personally identifiable information, such as your name, home or work address, email address, or telephone number.  Data and information about you and your use of the Site and the content, products and services may be voluntarily provided when you choose to use or buy any of the content, products and services available through the Site and some data and information may be automatically collected by the Site.If you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through any bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group, this information may be collected and used by others.  USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONData and information collected by the Site, including your personally identifiable information, may be used by Cascade Summit Animal Hospital, and any affiliated companies, including without limitation, as follows:Operating, maintaining, and improving the quality of the Site and the content, products and services available through the Site.Displaying content, products and services according to your interests and preferences, past orders, and activities.Communicating with you by postal mail, e-mail, text (SMS, MMS), phone and other methods of communication:about us, our partners, and the content, products and services offered by us and our partners, including, contests, rewards, events, and special offers for content, products and services; andwith respect to confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, product alerts and other administrative messages.For other purposes with your consent or as permitted or required by law.Sharing Information with Third PartiesWe may share general, aggregated, or anonymous data and information with our customers and partners including, suppliers of advertisements, potential affiliate partners in academia and industry, as well as for other commercial relationships or other purposes. We will not connect such information to personally identifiable information, such as your name or address, without your consent or as required by law. We do not sell or rent this information to anyone.In addition, we may share personal identifiable information we collect from you under the following circumstances: Asset Transfers. If we or any of our affiliates become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, we may disclose your unique personally identifiable information to third parties in connection with the evaluation, financing, and/or consummation of the transaction and your personally identifiable information could be included in the assets transferred as part of the transaction.Service Providers.  We may share your personally identifiable information with third party service providers that we engage for various purposes, including, without limitation, processing, analyzing, and/or storing data, printing and mailing services, email services, billing and collections, customer support, and delivery of products.  To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.Cookies.This site uses cookies, which are small files stored on your computer, to enhance your experience of the site. The cookies we use do not contain personally identifiable information, and they do not provide any personally identifiable information to us or to anyone else. In addition, some of our business partners such as our online store/pharmacy and pet portal provider, may also utilize cookies. However we do not have any access to or control over these cookies.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Site services or websites you visit.The Site and e-mails we may send you may also use web beacons.  Web beacons are electronic images which can be used to deliver cookies, count visits, or tell if an e-mail has been opened or acted upon.Communication from us.If you provide us with your contact information and indicate that you would like to receive materials from us, we will provide you with those materials and we may contact you my mail, email or other means. If you do not wish to receive further information from us, or you would like to receive only certain kinds of communication from us, just let us know.LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESWe may offer links to web sites operated by third parties.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any third party websites you choose to link to from our Site so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information.  We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Site.
This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this Site. Contacting us.We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Statement.  If you would like to change or correct your personal information, or your communication preferences, you may notify us by email, telephone, fax, or postal mail at the addresses and numbers listed below:Cascade Summit Animal Hospital22320 Salamo Rd, West Linn, OR 97068503-655-1722Security of Your Personal InformationWe take precautions to protect your information. We may partner with outside companies to provide certain services which may be available through a link to our website, such as our online pharmacy/store. When you use our website to access these third party links, (if any), these companies take every precaution to protect your information. Please see the privacy policies of these companies for further information as to whether they collect any personal information from you and how they protect your information.We secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure and secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.We cannot guarantee that communications between you and Cascade Summit Animal Hospital, and other users and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties or accidental loss or damage.  Therefore, your use of the Site and the services, and your disclosure to us of any personally identifiable information, is at your own risk. However, once we receive a transmission from you, we will make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your information in our operations.OPT-OUT FROM RECEIVING COMMUNICATIONS You may “opt-out” of receiving communications via postal mail, e-mail, phone and other communication methods.  In order to opt out of receiving these communications, you should follow the “unsubscribe” or “manage email preferences” instructions contained in any communication you receive or send us an email request to us and include “Opt-Out” in the subject box and include your name and email address in the text box.  TEXT MESSAGINGWe may offer text/SMS messaging communications to you as part of the products and services available from us. You may need to opt-in to receive text communications from us.  You may opt-out of receiving particular text messaging communications from us (other than Text Appointment Reminders) at any time by texting the word STOP in response to any text message. After you opt-out, a confirmation message may be sent to you, indicating your participation in the text messaging communication portion of the offered product or service was terminated and that you will no longer receive additional text messages from us.  Unless expressly noted, all text messaging services are offered without charge to you.  Message, data rates and other charges may apply. You are liable for any mobile phone charges incurred (usage, subscription, etc.) as a result of using any of our products or services.  Please consult your mobile service carrier’s pricing plan to determine the charges for sending and receiving text messages.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENTWe may occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.  You will be bound by any changes to our Privacy Statement when you use the Site after such changes to our Privacy Statement have been posted.The Site is administered and maintained by Cascade Summit Animal Hospital.  Use of the Site is governed by the Terms of Use and indicates acceptance of such terms.DisclaimerCascade Summit Animal Hospital makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site’s content. This site and the materials, information, services and products in this site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Cascade Summit Animal Hospital disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, freedom from computer virus, and warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Cascade Summit Animal Hospital does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Cascade Summit Animal Hospital does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their completeness, correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. In addition to the above, you (and not Cascade Summit Animal Hospital assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.In certain states, the law may not permit the disclaimer of warranties, so the above disclaimer may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityIn no event shall Cascade Summit Animal Hospital be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, even if Cascade Summit Animal Hospital has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and material available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Cascade Summit Animal Hospital, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your Internet account (including, but not limited to, negligent or wrongful conduct), by you or any other person accessing the website using your Internet account.Modification of the Website and these TermsBy providing material on this Site, blog or social media channels, Cascade Summit Animal Hospital does not promise that the materials will remain available to you. Cascade Summit Animal Hospital  is entitled to terminate all or any portion of this website at any time, without notice to you. Cascade Summit Animal Hospital also reserves the right to change the terms, conditions and notices for this website at any time by updating this posting and your use of the website following any such changes will constitute your consent to such modified terms. You agree to review these terms regularly to verify for changes. Certain provisions of these terms may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this website.
Search
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Contact UsContactAppointmentsDirectionsEmergencyOnline Survey
MenuContactAppointmentsDirectionsEmergencyOnline SurveyQUICK LINKS
Web Accessibility Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Hospital Blog
Hospital Forms
Cascade Summit Animal Hospital © 202022320 Salamo Road, West Linn OR 97068Call or Text
503-655-1722HOSPITAL AFFILIATIONS
Veterinary Website Design by Cheshire Partners LLCOFFICE HOURSMonday – Friday:8:00am – 6:00pmSaturday:9:00am – 1:00pmSunday:Closed