https://cdn.atpoc.com/cdn/policies/projects-in-knowledge-privacy-policy.html
Projects In Knowledge
Privacy Policy
http://projectsinknowledge.com/
Last updated: June 1, 2020
Projects In Knowledge (“PIK,” “we,” “us,” or “ours”) provides you with this privacy and security policy (“Privacy Policy”) because we know that you care about how your information is collected, used, shared and retained. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected when you access our website http://www.projectsinknowledge.com/ (the ”Site”) or use the services that we make available via the Site from time to time (the “Services”) and is applicable worldwide.
This policy outlines our handling practices and how we collect and use the Personal Data you provide during your online and offline interactions with us. As used in this Privacy Policy,” Personal Data“means any information that can be used to individually identify a person, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit card number, title, and other personally identifiable information.
If you reside in the European Union (“EU”), you may have additional rights with respect to your Personal Data, as further outlined below. These rights may include rights under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Projects In Knowledge will be the controller of your Personal Data that is provided, collected and/or processed pursuant to this Privacy Policy, except where otherwise expressly stated below. If you have any questions about whether any of foregoing applies to you, please contact us using the information set forth in the “Contact Us” section below.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for reasons such as operational practices or regulatory changes, so we recommend that you review our Privacy Policy when returning to our website. By visiting the Site or using the Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Collection of your Personal Data
We collect the following categories of Personal Data about you when you use or otherwise interact with our Services directly and/or through our third-party service providers:
Name.
Title.
Email address.
Home/work/mobile telephone number.
Postal or other physical address.
Credit/debit card information.
IP addresses and other information collected passively, as further detailed in the “Passive Collection” section below.
Device identifiers.
Date of Birth.
Professional and occupational information.
Professional licenses, certifications, designations.
Use and processing of your Personal Data
We will use your Personal Data only in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to continue using your Personal Data in this manner, you can request that your account be deactivated by contacting us as specified in the “Contact Us” section.
We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity (i.e. processing that is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, such as your user agreement with us that allows us to provide you with the Services) and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others (e.g. our users) such as:
Administering, personalizing, improving or operating our Services and business
Better understanding your needs and interests
Fulfilling requests you make related to the Services
Providing you with information and offers from us or third parties
Complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes with users, enforcing our agreements
Protecting, investigating and deterring against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity; or
Responding to inquiries from you or our third-party service providers.
We collect and/or process your Personal Data in connection with the below activities related to our Services:
Account registration
Use of certain Service features
Generating reports based on information collected from use of our Services
Requesting service and support for our Services and providing such support
Placing transactions or orders
Registering to attend a seminar or webinar
Billing and collecting payments for our Services
Registering for newsletter subscriptions
Customizing the advertising and content you see
To keep you up to date on the latest Service announcements, updates, upgrades, system enhancements, special offers, and other information
To provide support and assistance for our Services
To provide the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content
To meet contract or legal obligations
Communicating with you by email, telephone or regular mail regarding news updates, special promotional offers, our products and services, or other information which may be of interest to you. If you later wish to opt out of receiving such promotional communications from us at any time, simply follow the “Opt-Out” instructions.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data as set forth below. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your requests, or we may ask you to provide us with additional information in connection with your request. For example, if we need to verify your identity or the nature of your request. In such situations, however, we will still respond to let you know of our decision.
To make any of the following requests, contact us using the contact details referred to in the “Contact Us” section of this policy.
Access: You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you. You can also request a copy of the Personal Data.
Rectification: If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by logging into your account. Please contact us as soon as possible upon noticing any such inaccuracy or incompleteness.
Objection: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the collection or use of your Personal Data for certain purposes.
Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.
Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.
Portability: You have the right to ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another entity where technically feasible.
Withdrawal of Consent: If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.
Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about our practices with respect to your Personal Data with a supervisory authority.
Automatic Collection
Projects In Knowledge and our third-party service providers automatically collect some information about you when you use our Services, using methods such as cookies and tracking technologies (further described below). Information automatically collected includes IP address, Internet service provider, browser type and language, referring and exit pages and URLs, date and time, amount of time spent on particular pages, sections of the Site visited, number of links you click while on the Site, search terms, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, website traffic and related statistics, keywords and/or other data.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
When you visit the Site, cookies or other tracking technologies may be placed on your computers or mobile devices. A cookie is a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, preferences and use of the Site and Services. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to the Site and track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience. They also help us to detect certain kinds of fraud. We use cookies to store preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages are accessed or visited, alert you to new areas of the Site, or customize web page content, services and advertisements based on browser type or other information that the tracking technologies provide.
“Session” cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons, such as managing page views and your shopping cart. Typically, your browser will erase session cookies once you exit the browser.
“Persistent” cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computer or mobile device after you exit the browser. Persistent cookies allow us to retrieve certain information that you have previously provided to us (for example, your user ID if you ask to be remembered).
The Site may use both session and persistent cookies. The Site may also use “tracer tags,” which are tiny graphic images placed on Site pages or in our e-mails that allow us to determine whether you have performed certain actions. When you access these pages or open e-mail messages, the tags generate a notice of that action to us or our Service Providers. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages and promotions. You may manage, block or delete cookies and other tracking technologies by adjusting your browser’s security and privacy settings but, if you do so, you may not be able to use particular features of the Site or the Services.
To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org or www.aboutcookies.org.
Aggregated Personal Data. We may analyze your Personal Data in aggregate form, which does not identify you personally. We may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents, advertisers, manufacturers and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Supplemented Data. Supplemental data may be received about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, in which case we may combine this data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.  If you provide us Personal Data about others, or if others give us your Personal Data, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Sharing Your Personal Data. Projects In Knowledge may share your Personal Data with third parties without notice to you under certain circumstances including:
Service Providers:When we engage a service provider to perform certain business-related functions, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. We may also share your information with any of our parent companies, subsidiaries, or other companies under common control with us.
Legal Requirements: We may disclose your information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action or disclosure is necessary or appropriate (i) to operate the Site, (ii) comply with any legal obligation, report unlawful activity, cooperate with law enforcement, or protect against legal liability, (iii) protect and defend our rights, property, personnel, suppliers, sponsors, agents or licensors, or (iv) protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public.
Business Transfers: We may share your information with business partners or buy or sell businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, asset sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the assets that are transferred.
Aggregated Information: We may aggregate Personal Data and provide it to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers or other third parties, in response to a government request, or to other third parties for lawful purposes.
Advertising. Projects In Knowledge may, directly or indirectly through service providers, serve personalized advertisements when you visit the Site. Projects In Knowledge and service providers may use Personal Data collected during your visits to the Site to select advertisements, perform, or have performed, cookie synchs, and otherwise combine and compare your information with other databases for Projects In Knowledge’s commercial purposes. You may opt out of the tailoring of advertising based on information we collect. To learn more about the use of this information, or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Email Marketing. Projects In Knowledge offers you control over your privacy preferences regarding email. You may update these preferences at any time. Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed.
You may unsubscribe from receiving promotional e-mails of certain types (or a company-wide unsubscribe) at any time. Click here to unsubscribe now: unsubscribe@projectsinknowledge.com. Please pay careful attention to the various options for unsubscribing from our promotional e-mails. You may have the option to unsubscribe from one or more special interest e-mail lists or unsubscribe from all promotional e-mails from us.
When you receive a promotional e-mail from Projects In Knowledge, it will contain a link that allows you to unsubscribe. If you decide to use this unsubscribe link, you will no longer receive special offers, valuable coupons, new product introductions and informational health and wellness newsletters from Projects In Knowledge; however, you will continue to receive non-promotional e-mails from us, such as order confirmations.
Security. Projects In Knowledge takes reasonable precautions to safeguard your Personal Data against unauthorized access or disclosure including Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or stored on a server can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Data Retention. We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods:
mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;
for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or
needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.
If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, please, Contact Us.
Accessing, Update or Delete Your Personal Data. You can access, view, update your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Site. If you wish to delete/cancel your account, please send us an email at cancel@projectsinknowledge.com. If you wish to port your Personal Data, please Contact Us. If you make a request to delete or port your Personal Data and that data is necessary for the Services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual requirements.
Children. Our Services are available only for those over the age of 16. The Site is not targeted to or intended for use by children under the age of 16. Projects In Knowledge does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Data from such children. If you are under the age of 16, do not submit any information to this Site. If we learn that we collected Personal Data from children under the age of 16, we will take steps to delete that information as soon as possible.
If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 16 has provided us with any Personal Data, please Contact Us.
Changes to Privacy Policy. Projects In Knowledge may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by changing the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If you visit the Site or use the Services after a change to this Privacy Policy is posted on the Site, you will be bound by such change. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis. If you object to any of the terms in a revised Privacy Policy, you have the right to cease using the Site and the Services. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or believe that Projects In Knowledge has acted inconsistently with this Privacy Policy, please Contact Us.
Privacy Practices of Third Parties. The Site may contain links to third party websites, products, and services. These third-party websites may place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer or personal device. Information collected by these third-party websites is governed by their privacy practices and is not subject to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for how these third-party websites collect, use, disclose, distribute, or maintain Personal Data. If you visit a third-party website linked from the Site, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties prior to providing them with an information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion. Projects In Knowledge expressly disclaims any and all liability for the actions of third parties, including but without limitation to actions relating to the use and/or disclosure of Personal Data by third parties.
‘Do Not Track’ notifications. Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
Governing Law. This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of Projects In Knowledge is governed by the internal laws of the State of New Jersey, United States.
Important Notices to Non-U.S. Residents. The Site, and the Services are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By providing us with any information through the Site, or the Services, you consent to this transfer.
We may transfer your Personal Data to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing or storage. By using any of our Services or providing any Personal Data for any of the purposes stated above, you consent to the transfer and storage of your Personal Data, whether provided by you or obtained through a third party, to the U.S. as set forth herein, including the hosting of such Personal Data on U.S. servers. In certain cases, Projects In Knowledge will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses, a copy of which can be obtained at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=celex%3A32010D0087.
California Privacy Rights. Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please Contact Us.
Contact Us. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may email us at: info@projectsinknowledge.com with “PRIVACY POLICY” in the subject line, or send us a letter addressed to:
Projects In Knowledge, Inc.
290 W. Mt. Pleasant Avenue
Suite 2350
Livingston, NJ 07039
973.890.8988
If you reside in the EU, you can also contact our Data Protection Officer.