http://cedarscobblehill.com/privacy-policy/
Call us at 1-866-716-2006
skip to Main Content
As a nationally accredited essential healthcare service, Cedars remains open and accepting patients meeting our COVID-19 admissions criteria. Please contact us for more information about our programs.
Addiction Treatment Facility
1-866-716-2006
info@cedarscobblehill.com
FacebookInstagramLinkedIn
At Cedars, protecting your personal information is one of our greatest concerns. We are committed to ensuring that all information that is provided to us is kept safe, secure and confidential. This page outlines our privacy policy, which has been created to uphold this commitment to the highest standards for the visitors to our website.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
All personal information, including your name, email address, or telephone number, is only collected when we receive express consent to do so. The information is used and retained for contact purposes, only by staff members or departments that are authorized to do so. We also collect analytic tracking information through our website, including IP addresses and traffic data. This information is non-personal and only used for internal purposes and measurement related to our website.
All of the information we collect is handled in compliance with Canada’s federal standards, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). The information provided to us is handled with the utmost care, and stored in a secure format to prevent unauthorized access. Cedars will not disclose nor sell any personal information to third party companies. This site may contain links to other third party sites as a courtesy for our visitors, however we do not take responsibility for the privacy policy of those sites or how they record and use your personally identifiable information.
How to Access your Personal Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or would like to request access to your personal information, please email us at info@cedarscobblehill.com. Any changes or updates to this policy will be communicated on this page.
Home | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Copyright © 2006-2020 - All Rights Reserved
Back To Top
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit
×