http://centerforendo.com/privacy-policy
Home
IMPORTANT: COVID-19
Meet Dr. Sinervo
Meet Dr. Arrington
Meet Dr. Albee
Meet Team CEC
About our Center
Free Case Review
Office Appointments
Telehealth Appointments
Insurance
Patient Forms
Frequently Asked Questions
Traveling to the CEC
About Endometriosis
About Excision (LAPEX)
Thoracic Endo
Bowel Endo
Sciatic Endo
Adolescent Endo
Ovarian Endo
Infertility
Adhesions
Adenomyosis
More Education & Resources
Multidisciplinary Approach
Surgical Videos
Endo & School Nurses
MIGS Fellowships
Media/Org Inquiries
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our website is an important part of our services and enables the CEC to correct disease misinformation found elsewhere in the public sector, to bring awareness and education about endometriosis to our visitors, and to provide information about our services and programs to readers from around the world. We respect the privacy of all visitors to our site, and maintain the strictest policies concerning your information. The following statements will help clarify our commitment to your privacy and the terms of your use of our site.Information Collection & Use: the CEC is the sole owner of all information collected through our web site e.g. prospective patient registration submissions. We will use your information only to respond to you, regarding the reason(s) you contacted us. We do not sell, share, or rent your information to others at any time, with exceptions as noted:We will not provide your personal information to any third parties without your consent, except as necessary to provide you with the services offered by us or to comply with the law. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company and/or its subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of the Center for Endometriosis Care and/or users of our site, and/or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the site.Security: we take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and off. Only employees who need information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) for you are granted access to your personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure, HIPAA compliant environment.Site Tracking: we use anonymous information to analyze our site traffic. As such, our site may gather “traffic data” that does not personally identify you but is helpful for improving our services to visitors. Likewise, from time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.External Links: for purposes of information, the CEC may provide links to other sites of interest. These sites are not under the control of the CEC and are provided for your convenience and reference only. The CEC does not endorse or recommend any information contained therein.  Further, the CEC is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites which are linked. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the CEC’s site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects your personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to the CEC’s site. See also our ad policy.GDPR: we take your privacy very seriously. As noted above, we will use your data only to personalize your correspondence with us, administer your case, and provide any products and/or materials and/or services you have requested from us. All information is held in the strictest of confidence; no third parties have access to your data unless the law permits them to do so. All data collected is processed by our staff and the information stored on protected servers.Disclaimer: we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the site and without any notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. Please contact us at Heather@CenterForEndo.com with any questions or concerns.