https://cfas.ca/privacy-statement.html
Home > About > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
In keeping with provincial and federal privacy legislation, the Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society (CFAS) considers it a very serious responsibility to ensure the protection of your personal information. This responsibility includes making certain your privacy is respected in all your communications with us, be it by telephone, internet, email, in person, or any other manner. As well, it is your right to know what personal information we are collecting, why we are collecting it, and how it will be used. Equally, you will be given to opportunity to indicate whether or not you wish to give us this information and with whom we can share it with.
Please note that personal and confidential information does not include job titles, business addresses, and business telephone/fax numbers. In order to make certain that our privacy policy is clear to you, we ask that you read this Privacy Statement carefully. Information Collected
The CFAS may require your personal and/or confidential information for various reasons:
Membership. When applying for membership, you will be required to give your name, complete contact information, professional affiliation, present employment position, and medical specialty. For payment processing purposes, we may require credit card information for a credit card payment or any other information to facilitate payment of membership fees.
Registration for meetings, educational activities, or other events.
For registration and payment, you, and any accompanying person, will be required to give your name, complete contact information, professional affiliation, present position, and medical specialty. For payment processing purposes, we may require credit card information for a credit card payment or any other information to facilitate payment.
Surveys and other evaluations of CFAS services. In order to assure that our activities, meetings, and services meet with user needs the CFAS periodically conducts evaluations (surveys, focus groups, interviews or questionnaires) in person, by telephone, electronic, or in writing. The data gathered may include educational preferences and requirements, computer and internet access, professional status and affiliation, etc. Name and contact information may also be required.
Additional Purposes. It may become necessary to collect personal and confidential information for reasons other then mentioned above. The CFAS will always clearly explain the reasons for the gathering of the information and its uses.
User Consent
In order to respect your privacy, the CFAS will obtain your consent whenever your personal information is collected. We may, on occasion, release contact information to external companies providing administrative services (credit card and payment processing, travel, conference management, mailing and distribution services). As well, limited data (including name, business contact information, and specialties) may be released to CME providers or accredited organizations monitoring/auditing CFAS activities.
Additionally, the CFAS may release personal information when obligated to do so by law or in order to protect the Society’s rights, obligations or property. We reserve the right to contact the appropriate authorities, at our discretion, when member or user activities appear illegal or consistent with our policies.
If you do not want your personal information to be collected or shared with third parties, you will be given opportunity to withhold your consent either in writing or orally.
Protection of Private Information
The CFAS takes all available measures to protect your personal information. We severely limit access to all member files, be they physical or electronic, from unauthorized use. The safeguards may vary and include, building security, supervised and approved access to files, computer safeguards (firewalls, passwords, antivirus, anti-intrusion software, etc.) and any other physical or technological measures deemed necessary.
Accuracy of Information
The CFAS takes great pains to assure the accuracy of your personal information; however, changes or errors do occur. If your personal information should change, you can contact us at any time to make us aware of this change. Should you note an error or omission, you can contact us at any time to make us aware of the error or omission. As well, you have the right to question or challenge or personal information practices and privacy policy.
If you have any concerns, questions, or problems on any of above-mentioned matters, please contact our office at:
Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society 301 – 1719 rue Grand Trunk Montreal, QC H3K 1M1 Tel: 514-524-9009E-mail:
In this Section
Governance
President’s Message
Past President Messages
Policies and Procedures
Committees
Logo Policy
CFAS By-Laws
Strategic Plan
Strategic Planning Timeline 2020-2025
CFAS Team
Privacy Statement
Past Presidents
© 2020 Canadian Fertility and Andrology Society | Privacy Policy | Site Map
Powered by Exware Association Management