https://cgarc.org/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
CHANDLER GILBERT ARC'S RESPONSE TO COVID-19 >>
Chandler Gilbert Arc respects the privacy interests and preferences of our donors and website visitors. We are committed to full transparency in outlining what information we collect about donors and visitors, how it is used and how you can opt-out of those programs (online or by traditional communications) if you so choose.
Personal contact information we collect and what we do with it
When you are making a donation, paying for a service, expressing an interest in volunteer or employment, or subscribing to our online newsletter, Chandler Gilbert Arc asks you for personal contact information such as your name, mailing address, phone number and e-mail address. We may use this contact information to provide you with a receipt; to contact you to clarify or obtain additional information about a payment, a donation you made, or volunteer and employment inquiries; or to send you additional information about Chandler Gilbert Arc.
If you make a donation, we may contact you on occasion to offer you an opportunity to make another gift. You may also receive a personal call from a Chandler Gilbert Arc staff member or volunteer thanking you for your donation. You will always have the opportunity to opt-out of future communications from us.
Personal billing information we collect and what we do with it
In addition to personal contact information, we ask for billing information, such as your billing address and credit card number, when you make a donation or purchase a product. We use secure servers to gather and process your billing information. Your billing information is not shared with any other organizations, and your credit card number is not retained once your transaction has been authorized and processed.
Financial transactions and our secure servers
All financial transactions on our website, specifically donations and payments, are managed through our agent, Authorize.net or Paypal. All transactions use an encrypted channel, take place on secure servers and occur in real time. No financial data, such as your credit card number, is transferred via a less-secure channel, such as encrypted e-mail, for processing. Moreover, once your transaction has been completed, your credit card number is not retained.
How to view or change your information
If you wish to modify the frequency of future communications from Chandler Gilbert arc, please write to us or e-mail with the address below.
Also, with the exception of credit card numbers, which are not retained, you can view and request changes to all the information you have given us, including any mailing lists you may be on, by contacting us.
Chandler Gilbert Arc
3258 N San Marcos Place
Chandler, AZ 85225
E-mail address: csjew@cgarc.org
Normal browsing
Chandler Gilbert Arc does not collect any personally identifying information from you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide such information to us.
You can browse the Chandler Gilbert Arc website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. The information we gather during normal browsing comes from two sources: (1) standard server logs collect information such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address, domain name, browser type, operating system and information like the site that referred you to us, the files you downloaded, the pages you visited and the dates/times of those visits; and (2) if you have come into the website from one of one of our newsletters or from a site that has requested a link, we will ask your browser to accept a “cookie” (defined below) that carries a general marketing source code with you as you browse through the website, in order to help us match referring sites to donations made. This cookie does not capture or hold any personally identifying information about you, and is deleted when you end your session by leaving our website or closing your browser.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we might store some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” (i.e., a small piece of data that stores information on your browser in your computer’s hard drive) or similar file. We use conversion tracking cookies as part of campaigns in order to analyze trends, gather broad demographic information and monitor website traffic patterns that can help us further develop and improve the design and functionality of our site. Similarly, we also use cookies for “retargeting” in our Internet advertising campaigns so that third party vendors, including Google, can show you advertising about Chandler Gilbert Arc as you browse the Internet. Retargeting is a marketing tool that identifies you as a previous visitor to the Chandler Gilbert Arc website and targets you for specific outreach messages, encouraging you to revisit our website or consider donating. Any personal information we gather will be kept private and not shared with other organizations. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a new cookie. You can also opt out of receiving cookies on the Chandler Gilbert Arc website for Google advertising by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page (http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/#toc-edit).
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites, including ones that may gather personal contact information. Chandler Gilbert Arc is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. However, any personal information obtained by us through other sites is treated as if it was gathered on our site and our privacy policy applies.
Changes to this policy
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this Web page, and we will mark the link to our updated Privacy Policy on the home page of this website to note the date of any changes so that you will always know what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have.
User Agreement And Terms
By viewing and/or using this website, you are agreeing to all of the terms and conditions explained below.
This World Wide Web site with its home page in the domains “cgarc.org” (the “website”) is a complimentary information service offered by the Chandler Gilbert Arc at no charge to you as a user of the World Wide Web, with the express condition that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this User Agreement. Chandler Gilbert Arc reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions any time, and you must consult the most recent version of this User Agreement and Terms and Conditions (not an older cached version) each time you view the website. Do not use the website if you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions.
Intellectual Property/Hyperlinks.  You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth under the Service Marks, Copyright and Hyperlinks sections of this User Agreement and Terms and Conditions.
Representations and Warranties.  You acknowledge that the information on the website is provided “as is” for general information only. Chandler Gilbert Arc makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding this website, including but not limited to any warranties of accuracy, completeness, currency, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or any warranty that these pages, or the server that makes them available, are free of viruses or other harmful elements, and all such warranties are expressly disclaimed.
You agree that you will hold harmless Chandler Gilbert Arc and its officers, directors and employees from all claims arising out of or related to your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, this website or the information contained in this website or other websites to which it is linked, including but not limited to claims that you have found something you have heard, viewed or downloaded from this website or another website to which it is linked to be obscene, offensive, defamatory, or infringing upon your intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of a third party. In no event will Chandler Gilbert Arc or the contributors of information to this website be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Opinions/Recommendations.  You acknowledge that opinions and recommendations contained in this website are not necessarily those of Chandler Gilbert Arc or endorsed by Chandler Gilbert Arc.
Linked Sites/Third-Party Content.  These Terms and Conditions apply only to this website.  Chandler Gilbert Arc may provide links on the website to other websites which are not under the control of Chandler Gilbert Arc. These links are provided for convenience of reference only and are not intended as an endorsement by Chandler Gilbert Arc of the organization or individual operating the website or a warranty of any type regarding the website or the information on the website.  Under no circumstances will Chandler Gilbert Arc be held liable, directly or indirectly, or any loss or damage that is caused or alleged to have been caused to you in connection with your use of, reliance on, or any content, goods or services available on any other website to which this website links.  You should direct any concerns to that website’s administrator.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This website (excluding linked sites) is controlled and operated by Chandler Gilbert Arc, which is headquartered in the State of Arizona, United States of America. It can be accessed from all 50 states, as well as United States territories and other countries around the world. By accessing this website you agree that any action at law or equity arising or in any way relating to this website, shall be filed only under the statutes and laws of the State of Arizona, without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. You also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Superior Court of the State of Arizona in and for the County of Maricopa, and the United States District Court for Arizona with respect to such matters. Chandler Gilbert Arc makes no representation that materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so of their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Copyright
The works of authorship contained in this website, including but not limited to all design, text and images (the “Materials”), are owned or licensed by Chandler Gilbert Arc and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored by subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without our prior written consent.  Unless permitted otherwise in writing, you may only access the Materials located within the website for your personal use.  This means you may download copies of Materials for personal, noncommercial use only, so long as you neither change nor delete any author attribution, trademark, legend or copyright notice.  When you download Materials, you do not obtain any ownership rights to the Materials.
Hypertext Links
You may provide a hypertext link to the Chandler Gilbert Arc website on another website, provided that:
(a) the link must be an active, text-only link or approved banner or artwork provided by Chandler Gilbert Arc (you may NOT use our logo without prior written approval) clearly marked “Chandler Gilbert Arc”;
(b) the link, when activated by a user, must display this website full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linked website;
(c) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to disparage the Chandler Gilbert Arc or its services, damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the Chandler Gilbert Arc name and service marks, or to create the false appearance that an entity other than Chandler Gilbert Arc is associated with, benefitting, or sponsored by Chandler Gilbert Arc;
(d) the link may not be associated with the sale of any products or services, or the promotion of any lottery, raffle, sweepstakes or other games of chance benefiting Chandler Gilbert Arc;
(e) the link will not appear on pages including content which Chandler Gilbert Arc, in its sole discretion, finds to be objectionable, or which includes obscene, pornographic, violent, intolerant, tasteless, denigrating or sexually-oriented content or materials; and
(f) Chandler Gilbert Arc reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time in its sole discretion by amending these Terms and Conditions. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for keeping up with any such changes.
All other hypertext links to this website must be approved in writing by Chandler Gilbert Arc. Inquiries may be directed to csjew@cgarc.org.
Use of a hypertext link does not indicate or create any endorsement, approval, sponsorship or affiliation of or with your website by Chandler Gilbert Arc. This permission to link is provided without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title of non-infringement.
Chandler Gilbert Arc reserves the right to take action against any use of its federally registered service marks, trademarks and trade names, or any links to its website that do not conform to the conditions herein, or that infringe any intellectual property or other rights of Chandler Gilbert Arc.
Thank you for taking the time to review our Privacy Policy and User Agreement and Terms and Conditions. Chandler Gilbert Arc is very concerned about online privacy and safety. If you have any questions about these policies, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Chandler Gilbert Arc
3258 N San Marcos Place
Chandler, AZ 85225
(480) 892-9422
Or you may contact us HERE.
Find Us On Facebook
Chandler Gilbert Arc3250 N. San Marcos Place
Chandler, Arizona 85225
(480) 892-9422(480) 497-0657Google Map
Support Chandler Gilbert Arc Programs!
Donate Now
Copyright 2016-18 Chandler Gilbert Arc - All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy
Back To Top