https://chect.org.uk/other-ways-to-help/leave-a-legacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Leave a legacy
Leaving a legacy to the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust
Writing your Will can be one of the most inspiring things you ever do. By leaving a legacy to CHECT, you will be helping to improve the lives of children affected by retinoblastoma in the future, by funding research, awareness and vital support.
Why leave a gift in your Will?
You can help us to plan for a future where every baby and young person with retinoblastoma who needs our support can have it, throughout every stage of their life.
Your legacy could help fund groundbreaking research, which may one day lead to a cure for retinoblastoma.
With your support we can continue our work on award-winning awareness campaigns to cut down on delays in diagnosis and make sure children receive lifesaving treatment sooner.
Our film Gracie’s story shows how we support children and their families throughout their retinoblastoma journey. Your legacy gift can help children like Gracie to have a brighter future.
A bequest may take the form of either a specific cash sum or a residual proportion of an estate. On estates over £325,000, you will also cut the inheritance tax bill substantially by donating to charity.
If you’d like more information on the benefits of leaving money to charity, please contact Diane Emery, our Fundraising Manager, at diane.emery@chect.org.uk or 020 7377 5578. Advice on writing a Will, including how to make sure it’s legal, is available on the gov.uk website.
If you are an executor of an estate that includes The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust or the Retinoblastoma Society please get in touch.
Request a legacy pack
Donating in memory of a loved one
Inviting donations in lieu of flowers can be a wonderful way to remember a loved one. This can be arranged through the funeral directors and can also include a retiring collection. Letters of thanks are sent to all donors and/or family members.
An In Memoriam online giving page can also be created on JustGiving and other tribute giving websites, where photographs of loved ones can be uploaded and memories posted. If donors are UK taxpayers (and pay more in tax than they are donating) we will also be eligible to claim a further 25p in Gift Aid for every £1 donated. For more information, please have a look at JustGiving’s guide to raising money in memory of a loved one.
If you’d like some assistance with setting up an In Memoriam page online please get in touch – we’re here to help.
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept