https://chect.org.uk/home-new-2/privacy/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Privacy
The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust is registered under the Data Protection Act 2018.
This privacy notice sets out how the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust (CHECT) uses and protects any information that you give CHECT. CHECT is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain personal information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
CHECT may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 2020.
What information does CHECT collect?
We collect and process the following personal information when you sign up for an event (either directly or via a third party), donate money (either directly or via a third party) or become a member. We also obtain some personal data from other sources, and add some personal data ourselves.
The information below sets out the different types of personal data that we collect and the sources we collect it from. Please note that website information is anonymised and used solely for improving the site. We do not combine this information with any other data to build a ‘profile’.
If any of the personal data we hold about you changes, such as your contact details, please inform us without delay by emailing us at info@chect.org.uk or by calling 020 7377 5578.
You can update your update your marketing preferences preferences by submitting a consent form.
Contact information
Type of personal data:
Name
Job title
Address
Telephone number
Email address
Your communication preferences
Collected from:
You
The company you represent
Publicly available sources
Third parties such as JustGiving
Supporter / Member / Supplier information
Type of personal data:
Contact information (as previously listed)
Date of birth
Marital status
Gender
Amounts fundraised / donated
Financial details (including credit / debit card information)
UK tax payer information (for Gift Aid)
Communications we may have with you, whether relating to donations / services received or otherwise.
Responses to survey or feedback requests
How you came to find us or about our services
Sensitive information (see sub-categories below)
Collected from:
You
Third parties such as JustGiving
Third party bank / payment services provider
Sensitive information
Type of personal data:
Basic health information for members (including diagnosis information, treatment received and level of visual impairment)
Basic information relating to actual or suspected criminal convictions and offences (recruitment checks)
Collected from:
You
Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check carried out for recruitment purposes.
Website information
Type of personal data:
IP address and other online identifiers
Details of your online browsing activities on our website, including the full URL; clickstream to, through and from the site (including date and time); services you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors; length of visits to certain pages; page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); methods used to browse away from the page
Your browser type and version, relevant plug-ins, operating system and platform
Your time zone settings
Collected from:
You
Device used to access the website
Our website (including the cookies used)
How does CHECT use my information?
We process your personal data for particular purposes in connection with your membership, your donations to us or attendance at our events.
If you have previously agreed to us processing your personal information, you may change your mind at any time by completing this form, emailing us at info@chect.org.uk, calling 020 7377 5578 or writing to us at Childhood Eye Cancer Trust, Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, London E1 1FR.
Relationship: Member
Purpose for processing data:
in order to comply with applicable laws, including when necessary under contract;
to administer our relationship with you;
to communicate relevant information to our membership, or to invite members to participate in surveys or research;
to determine how our limited resources might be used in the most effective way;
to resolve any complaints or disputes with you;
to protect our security, guard against fraud and other wrongdoing; and
to ensure optimal functionality and user-friendliness of the website.
It is also in our legitimate interest to process your personal data for the following administrative purposes:
managing feedback and complaints;
keeping records of those in receipt of grants;
if you participate in an event organised by us, providing you with information in relation to that event;
sending In Focus newsletter to members;
maintaining databases of our members to make sure that the personal data they contain is accurate and up to date; and
helping us respect your choices and preferences, e.g. if you ask not to receive marketing communications, we will keep a record of this).
We may also convert your personal data into statistical anonymised form to better protect your privacy, or so that you are not identified or identifiable from it.  Anonymised data cannot be linked back to you and is accordingly, no longer personal data.  We may use it to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports, for example to help us understand and improve the use of our website.
Relationship: Supporter
Purpose for processing data:
in order to comply with applicable laws, including when necessary under contract;
to administer our relationship with you;
to communicate with active supporters who have donated to / fundraised for us in the last three years;
to determine how our limited resources might be used in the most effective way;
to resolve any complaints or disputes with you;
to protect our security, guard against fraud and other wrongdoing; and
to ensure optimal functionality and user-friendliness of the website.
processing donations and Gift Aid declarations; managing feedback and complaints;
if you participate in an event organised by us, providing you with information in relation to that event;
sending you relevant information about a fundraising event in which you are participating (eg the London Marathon);
maintaining databases of our volunteers and donors, e.g. to make sure that the personal data they contain is accurate and up to date; and helping us respect your choices and preferences, e.g. if you ask not to receive marketing communications, we will keep a record of this).
We may also convert your personal data into statistical anonymised form to better protect your privacy, or so that you are not identified or identifiable from it.  Anonymised data cannot be linked back to you and is accordingly, no longer personal data.  We may use it to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports, for example to help us understand and improve the use of our website.
We are required by law to always have a “lawful basis” (i.e. a reason or justification) for processing your personal data.The types of processing activities undertaken by us in relation to your personal data and the lawful basis we rely on, are set out below:
Consent
Where we process personal data which relates to your health or any other special category personal data (including criminal data), we will only do so on the basis of your consent. We will also obtain your consent for certain types of direct marketing (please see the Direct Marketing section below for more information). We will keep a record of consents you provide.  Your consent can be withdrawn at any time.
Our Contracts with you
Where we have a contract in place with you (such as processing memberships), and it is necessary for us to process personal data about you in order to comply with our obligations to you under that contract, this will be our lawful basis for processing such personal data.
Legal Obligations
We must ensure our activities comply with the law. Therefore we may need to share your personal data if we are required to do so by law, e.g.in connection with a court order. We may use your personal data for other purposes such as fraud prevention, to comply with money laundering regulations and to protect people’s rights, property or safety.
If certain levels of financial donations are made, the Fundraising Regulator’s Code of Fundraising Practice requires all charities in the UK to perform certain checks regarding the individual who has made the donation. More details can be found at www.fundraisingregulator.org.uk
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
Our Legitimate Interests
We may process your personal data for reasons of legitimate interest, provided that your legitimate interests or fundamental rights do not override those interests. We will conduct a legitimate interest assessment before processing your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. Our legitimate interests are:
in order to comply with applicable laws, including when necessary under contract;
to administer our relationship with you;
to communicate relevant information to our membership, or to invite members to participate in surveys or research;
to communicate with active supporters who have donated to / fundraised for us in the last three years;
to determine how our limited resources might be used in the most effective way;
to resolve any complaints or disputes with you;
to protect our security, guard against fraud and other wrongdoing; and
to ensure optimal functionality and user-friendliness of the website.
It is also in our legitimate interest to process your personal data for the following administrative purposes:
processing donations and Gift Aid declarations; managing feedback and complaints;
keeping records of those in receipt of grants;
if you participate in an event organised by us, providing you with information in relation to that event;
sending you relevant information about a fundraising event in which you are participating (eg the London Marathon);
sending In Focus newsletter to members;
maintaining databases of our volunteers and donors, e.g. to make sure that the personal data they contain is accurate and up to date; and
helping us respect your choices and preferences, e.g. if you ask not to receive marketing communications, we will keep a record of this).
We may also convert your personal data into statistical anonymised form to better protect your privacy, or so that you are not identified or identifiable from it.  Anonymised data cannot be linked back to you and is accordingly, no longer personal data.  We may use it to conduct research and analysis, including to produce statistical research and reports, for example to help us understand and improve the use of our website.
Direct Marketing
If you have opted into receiving communications from CHECT, from time to time, we will contact you to let you know about our campaigns and events, or to ask for donations or other support to enable us to continue our charitable work.
We make it easy for you to tell us how you want us to communicate, in a way that suits you. Our forms have clear marketing preference questions and we include information on how to opt out when we send you marketing. Opt in consent to CHECT communications is obtained from membership forms, when you sign up to receive our email news on the website, when you contact us to become a fundraiser, or via third parties such as JustGiving, Virgin Money Giving, PayPal, GoCardless, CAF, Charitable Giving, Charities Trust and event organisations such as Skyline.
If you are a member of CHECT, or have donated / fundraised for us in the last three years, we will keep you up to date on CHECT news on the basis of legitimate interest, provided you have not opted-out of receiving such communications.
If you don’t want to hear from us, that’s fine. Just choose not to “opt in” when you provide your data, complete this consent form or contact us on 020 7377 5578 / info@chect.org.uk.
How long is the information kept?
CHECT will only retain your personal data for a limited period of time and for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which we are processing it. This will depend on a number of factors, including:
any laws or regulations that we are required to follow;
whether we are in a legal or other type of dispute with each other or any third party;
the type of information that we hold about you; and
whether we are asked by you or a regulatory authority to keep your personal data for a valid reason.
As a member of CHECT, we retain certain medical data which you have provided to us about you and / or your child and which enables us to provide relevant information and support to you. This includes retinoblastoma diagnosis and date of diagnosis, treatment information and level of visual impairment. If at any time you wish to cease your membership, or to remove this information from our systems, you can contact CHECT via any of the means mentioned above.
Once a child member reaches the age of sixteen, CHECT will contact them via their parent / carer to seek permission to process this medical data. If permission is not granted, the data will be retained in an anonymised format.
All supporters’ records are retained for seven years after they have made a donation in order to comply with HMRC obligations on claiming Gift Aid and for accounting purposes.
Where supporters have opted into CHECT news and communications, we will continue to process your contact information and details of your consent until such a time as you advise us that you no longer want to hear from us, either unilaterally or as part of our routine processes for checking that you are still happy to give your consent.
Who can access my information?
The personal data you have provided to us can be accessed by employees of the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust, and from time to time technical support staff at The Access Group (CRM provider). Certain elements of personal data (name, address, contact preferences and fundraising information) can be accessed by selected volunteers engaged for database work. This access is subject always to compliance with applicable data protection laws. All staff, volunteers and the Access Group have signed confidentiality agreements, and we also have a copy of the Access Group’s data protection policy.
In Focus, the magazine sent twice a year to members and selected supporters of the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust is distributed by mailing house Baker Goodchild. Names and addresses of CHECT members and selected supporters are processed by Baker Goodchild twice a year in order to fulfill this commitment. This data is deleted within 30 days by Baker Goodchild, and is not shared with any other organisations. We hold a copy of Baker Goodchild’s data protection policy.
The names of supporters who provide us with a Gift Aid declaration are passed to HMRC in order for the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust to be able to claim Gift Aid back on these donations.
Security
CHECT is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to provide you with the best possible experience and to allow you to make use of certain functionality. Further information can be found in our Cookies Policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. We are not responsible for the content or functionality of any of these external websites (but please let us know if a link is not working by emailing info@chect.org.uk). These websites are not covered by CHECT’s Privacy Policy, therefore you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. If you post online or send any inappropriate or unlawful content via any CHECT channels, CHECT may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties.
Your rights
Where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do decide to withdraw your consent we will stop processing your personal data for that purpose, unless there is another lawful basis we can rely on – in which case, we will let you know.
Where our processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interest, you can object to this processing at any time. If you do this, we will need to show either a compelling reason why our processing should continue, which overrides your interests, rights and freedoms; or that the processing is necessary for us to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.
Where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to that processing.
You have the right to (subject to applicable laws and certain limitations):
access your personal data and to be provided with certain information in relation to it, such as the purpose for which it is processed, the persons to whom it is disclosed and the period for which it will be stored;
require us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal data without undue delay;
require us to erase your personal data;
require us to restrict processing of your personal data;
receive the personal data which you have provided to us, in a machine readable format, where we are processing it on the basis of your consent or because it is necessary for your contract with us and where the processing is automated; and
object to a decision that we make which is based solely on automated processing of your personal data (however, we do not currently conduct any such decision making).
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please write to:
Mr Patrick Tonks, Chief Executive, Childhood Eye Cancer Trust, The Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, London E1 1FR, or email info@chect.org.uk.
No fee will be charged unless the request is deemed excessive.
Once we have verified your identity you are entitled to obtain the following information about your personal data held by CHECT:
The purpose of the collection, processing, use and storage of your personal information;
The categories of personal information that CHECT holds about you; and
The planned retention period for your personal information.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
If you have any further questions, please write to us at the above addresses or call 020 7377 5578.
Updates to this policy
We may update this policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on our website and revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and notify you as required by law. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we hold.
This Policy was last updated in June 2020.
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept