https://chect.org.uk/home-new-2/legal/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Legal
The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust is a registered charity No. 327493.
The charity was incorporated as a registered company in England and Wales on 1st July 1987 and is limited by guarantee. Registered Company No. 2143917. It was originally incorporated as the Retinoblastoma Society and changed its name to the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust in December 2004.
The registered address of the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust is: The Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, London E1 1BB.
The Memorandum and Articles of Association
Memorandum of Association
Articles of Association
Site terms and conditions
No information contained in this site is intended to replace the expert advice from medical staff.
Your use constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the site.
The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust reserves the rights to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified.
You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the site by any third party.
This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust are provided “as is” without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied. In no event will the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence.
The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust does not warrant that the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.
Copyright restrictions
Commercial use or publication of all or any item displayed is strictly prohibited without prior authorisation from the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any licence by the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust to use any item displayed.
Documents may be copied for personal use only on the condition that copyright and source indications are also copied, no modifications are made and the document is copied entirely. However, some documents and photos have been published on this site with the permission of the relevant copyright owners (who are not the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust). All rights are reserved on these documents and permission to copy them must be requested from the copyright owners (the sources are indicated within these documents/photographs).
The Childhood Eye Cancer Trust takes no responsibility for the content of external Internet Sites.
Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, any public area of the site including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non confidential and non proprietary information.
If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on this site relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
These terms and conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of this site must be terminated immediately.
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept