https://chect.org.uk/other-ways-to-help/volunteer/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Volunteering
Our wonderful volunteers help us in so many ways – including cheering on our charity runners, helping with administrative tasks in the office, designing our newsletter, taking photographs and attending awareness-raising events. Last year over 130 volunteers generously gave up their time to support us and we are so grateful.
If you’d like to volunteer for us, we’d love to hear from you. We are a small charity and so opportunities are limited but here are some areas where we need support:
• Helping at members’ events
• Being part of a cheering squad at a running/cycling challenge
• Attending Vision Express events as a CHECT ambassador
• Organising a street collection
• Nominating us as a chosen charity at your nearest Waitrose/John Lewis
• Carol singing at Christmas
For more information please get in touch using the contact us form, calling us on 020 7377 5578 or emailing info@chect.org.uk.
I was given the opportunity to volunteer at the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust’s 30th Anniversary Members’ Weekend. It was a privilege to be able to volunteer for such a great event and to meet so many inspirational children and adults in one place.
Everything about the event was fantastic, but the t-ball rounders game was personally the highlight for me. I also enjoyed helping the children in the arts and crafts area, helping them to design a greetings card. I hope to have the opportunity to volunteer again in the future. It was such a brilliant weekend.
Adam Cooper
Corporate Delivery Manager, RBS
I volunteered with CHECT for two weeks last summer, helping them prepare for and run their family weekend away. The role is so varied and I was involved in a variety of roles, ranging from administrative tasks to brainstorming events and subsequently setting up lots of fun and creative activities for the weekend away.
Being a volunteer at CHECT is a fantastic opportunity as you are given lots of responsibility within a supportive and friendly environment. It is also a great experience to work alongside such a close-knit and sociable team who are all so dedicated to the charity.
Georgie Moore
CHECT member
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept