https://chect.org.uk/other-ways-to-help/major-gifts/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Major gifts
Major gifts for CHECT
We’re very grateful for the support we receive from donors, trusts, volunteers and members, who all play a vital role in enabling us to carry out our work. Our fundraising team can work closely with supporters and philanthropic individuals to discuss ways in which you, or your trust, might support CHECT financially or share with us skills and contacts to maximum benefit.
Above all, we’re committed to understanding your philanthropic objectives and working with you on a personal, one to one level. You will be at the very heart of our plans to support all families and parents who receive a devastating cancer diagnosis for their child and ensure that every child and young person has access to the full spectrum of our clinical, emotional, financial and practical support.
Major donors
CHECT does not receive any government support and is almost entirely reliant on voluntary income and private donations. Our major donors are essential in helping us to deliver our services and plan for the future. We want to ensure every child has lifelong support when they need it most and that advances are made in finding a cure for this aggressive cancer.
But we can only do this with your support.
We rely on major donations to help us:
Provide practical and emotional support to parents from the point of diagnosis, as well as one-to-one support for young people and adults faced with the lifelong consequences of retinoblastoma.
Source free breaks so that families can spend quality time together away from the daily challenges of cancer treatment.
Provide children, young people and families with a range of valuable information, literature and practical materials on retinoblastoma and its impact.
Provide grants information to families during treatment and members throughout their lives, to help them deal with the financial impact of having a rare cancer.
Raise awareness of the condition so that children will reach treatment sooner and fewer will need to lose an eye to save their life.
Get in touch
We are here to discuss your support and work with you to ensure your gift is used according to your wishes. For more information, please email Diane Emery, our Fundraising Manager, at diane.emery@chect.org.uk. Thank you for your support.
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept