https://chect.org.uk/other-ways-to-help/become-a-member/
Facebook
Twitter
Home
Contact us
Become a member
Becoming a member of CHECT
Becoming a member of the Childhood Eye Cancer Trust is FREE, easy and open to anyone affected by retinoblastoma, as well as their friends, family, all supporters of CHECT and health professionals.
Complete membership form
Why become a member?
You’ll have access to support throughout treatment and beyond, from our team of experienced support workers on and off the ward.
If eligible you can apply for a small grant from our support fund, which is there to help in times of financial difficulty.
You’ll have the opportunity to meet other people affected by Rb at regional and national CHECT events.
We can provide a tailored linking service so you can share experiences with another member who knows what you’re going through.
You can join discussions on any aspect of Rb with others on our private Facebook page.
We can provide information and support for others around you, including your child’s school, GP, siblings and grandparents.
Our regular InFocus newsletter will keep you informed on the latest research, news and members’ stories.
You may benefit from holidays, offers and subsidies which arise from time to time from our supporters and sponsors.
You’ll be invited to the Annual General Meeting and be eligible to vote on key issues and the election of trustees.
If you are a young person affected by Rb:
You’ll have the opportunity to meet other young people affected by Rb at regional and national CHECT events.
You can join discussions on any aspect of Rb on our private Facebook page for young people.
We have a dedicated young people’s support worker to help you if you are facing difficult issues.
Some of the above services are also available to non-members. For example – the support provided by CHECT is open to everyone affected by Rb and not dependent on membership.
We hold your details on our database, in confidence, and do not share them with third parties. For more information please see our privacy policy.
Cookie policyThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settings ACCEPT Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website, helping to deliver a better user experience for visitors.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customised ads.
Uncategorised
uncategorised
Undefined cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept