https://cherabfoundation.org/the-fine-print/privacy/
2301 NE Savannah Rd, #1771 Jensen Beach, FL 34957
help@cherab.org
772-335-5135
Search
CHERAB
Information
New Member Information
About Cherab
CHERAB Name
History
The Cherab Foundation Team
About Lisa Geng
The Cherab Advisory Board
What We Do
crowdFunnit
Upcoming Parties
Past Parties
Refer a child
Our Story
Circle Of Friends
crowdFunnit Mission
crowdFunnit Party Ideas
How to Help
Media
The Late Talker Book
Late Talkers Documentary
Find Support
Related Links
Blog
Contact
Donate
Apparel
Help Give Our Cherubs a Smile and a Voice!
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to better organize the Cherab web site and to contact you via e-mail, should you request that we do so.
What Data Do We Obtain?
As you browse our site, we monitor our “site traffic” to better determine how to organize the web sites, which pages visitors are viewing most often, which pages are not being visited, and so on. Should you register to be a member of this website, your email address and any information or content you provide will be stored in our website’s database. Site statistics collected may include the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (example: Comcast XFINITY or Verizon FIOS), the IP (Internet protocol) address of the computer you are using, the browser you’re using (example: Firefox or Internet Explorer), your operating system, the date and time you visited Cherab, and the address of the web site you came from prior to visiting Cherab. An IP address is a set of numbers automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log on to your Internet service provider or through your company’s network. The web server that hosts the Cherab automatically identifies your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your visit. We do not ordinarily associate an individual’s IP address to a his/her personal information. In other words, we will have a record of your visit to our site, but your identity remains anonymous to us. We would use IP addresses to identify users of our site if we felt it necessary in order to protect our site or other users. If you fill out and submit a form or e-mail us, we may store the information stated on the form or within your e-mail to us (example: your name, your e-mail address, and whatever remarks you decide to make with regard to the form’s topic or within the body of the e-mail).
Does Cherab Share, Sell, or Disclose the Information It Collects?
Cherab does not share site visitors’ information with third parties other than what is required to reveal to the host of the web site (currently Powweb, Inc).
Links to Other Web Sites
We link to external sites that are not under our control. These sites have separate privacy policies. If you have questions about them, you must review the privacy statements as you visit those sites.
Children/Family Privacy
We are concerned about protecting the safety of children using the Internet. The Cherab web site has a “Level 0” rating (the safest rating) with The Internet Content Rating Association’s RSACi system. ICRA is an independent, nonprofit organization that provides consumers with information about the level of sex, nudity, violence, and offensive language contained at web sites. Our site complies with the terms of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/pubs/online/kidsprivacy.htm. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on users under the age of 13 without parental consent.
Third-Party Relationships
Our website is hosted on the following company’s web server:
Powweb (http://www.powweb.com)
Powweb has access to the site’s traffic statistics and may use those statistics to analyze their customers’ disk usage and site traffic.
Please visit Powweb’s web site and read their privacy statement if you have concerns about how they will use the information received. Third-party sites are not covered by our privacy statement.
Contact Information:
You may contact us at help@cherab.org
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Cherab. We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time. If we change our privacy statement, we will note the changes on this page. Our intent is that you remain aware of the data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances it may be shared with third parties. We will assume that any content or pictures posted in the comments section of our blog may be reshared by Cherab or other users.
The fine printRelated Links
Disclaimer
Privacy Statement
Copyright
Site Map
Member of CUE Consumers United for Evidence-Based Healthcare (CUE) is a national coalition of health and consumer advocacy organizations committed to empowering consumers to make the best use of evidence-based healthcare (EBHC).
Copyright © 2020 · All Rights Reserved · CHERAB
The Cherab Foundation is a not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization established in 2000. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Our federal tax ID number is 22-3685234. · RSS Feed · Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Email