https://childbirtheducation.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
By using the PCE website, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use this site.
PCE recognizes and respects the personal privacy of its website users and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience.
PCE may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable information at various points throughout the site. Depending on the information and/or services you request you may be asked to provide your name, email address, address, phone number, payment details, and similar information.  Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to PCE.
If you purchase courses or products from the PCE online store on the PCE website, your order is processed by a third party and your payment information is collected and processed by that third party. In connection with such purchases, PCE will record certain information, such as the type of products ordered or purchased, and the date of the transaction.
The personally identifiable information you provide will be processed by PCE in accordance with United States privacy regulation.  We encourage use of secure internet connections while using our web site.  Providing information through a public insecure internet connection may result in capture of that information outside of the control of PCE.
When you register with our site, you will be required to provide an e-mail address that we can use to contact you with. PCE retains the personal information that you provide as part of our registration process. You may correct or edit any of the optional personal information that you provide during the registration process by writing or sending an e-mail to us.
PCE recognizes that your privacy is important to you. We will not disclose to third parties any personal information it gathers from you on our website except as specifically agreed to by you or as follows:
*Specific services that we make available on our site may require that we disclose some or all of your personal information to third parties. For example, it may be necessary for us to provide your personal information to an accrediting body to verify that you have successfully completed one of our continuing education (CE) courses or certifications. Once your personal information is in the possession of any such third party, that information will become subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
*PCE may disclose such information if legally required to do so, or if requested to do so by a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of PCE; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 1, 2016.