https://childrenscancer.org/privacy-policy/
Children's Cancer Research Fund is a not-for-profit, section 501(c)(3) organization. We have created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site and within our organization. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all activities within Children's Cancer Research Fund, including the website located at the URL https://childrenscancer.org and other webpages controlled by us (collectively, the "Site").
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. Children's Cancer Research Fund reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of;
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Children's Cancer Research Fund by sending an email to contact@childrenscancer.org, or by calling us toll-free at 1-888-422-7348. Please reference this Privacy Policy when you contact us.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
When you make a donation in-person, through mail or phone, or attend an event benefiting Children's Cancer Research Fund, we collect your information, which may include name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, payment information, birthdate and gender.
Our web registration and donation forms require users to provide information that may include name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, payment information, birthdate, gender, format preference (HTML vs. Text), interests, and similar information.
We do not retain credit card account numbers, expiration dates, or security codes. During the donation process, that information is passed to our online credit card processing company before being deleted from our system.  Contributions may also be made by calling the toll-free number or by mailing a check to the address found in the Contact Us section below.
Disclosure and Choice:
We may on occasion share or sell only your name and mailing address information with other organizations (we do not share or sell email addresses). We carefully screen these organizations and only permit use by those whose services may be of interest to our supporters. If you do not wish to have your information shared or sold, or if you would like to change the frequency or type of communications you receive from us, simply contact us by one of the following methods:
Call us at (952-893-9355 or 1-888-422-7348)
Send an email with your request to contact@childrenscancer.org
Write us with your requests at the address provided below
In the event that Children's Cancer Research Fund may wish to assign or transfer your personal information and its rights to a third party, you agree that Children's Cancer Research Fund may do so, on the condition that the third party agrees to abide by Children's Cancer Research Fund current policies. In the event you donate to support the participation of someone you know in an event or fundraising team benefitting Children's Cancer Research Fund, we may share your name, email address, and the amount and date you donated with the participant.
In certain extreme cases, we may share information with government agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation or to comply with any legal obligations, or to protect our rights or those of other parties.
Access To The Personal Data We May Hold About You:
You can ask us for the specific data that we hold, by:
Calling this telephone number (952-893-9355 or toll-free, 1-888-422-7348)
Letter sent to address noted below in the contact us section, attention: Direct Mail Manager
As a non-profit organization operating in the United States, Children's Cancer Research Fund may not be subject to certain state or non-U.S. information privacy laws and regulations intended to protect consumer privacy. However, we will make reasonable efforts to upon your request (which you can per the noted methods above), provide you with a copy of the personal data that we keep about you, within a month (proof of your identity may be required). We will provide the information without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data:
erased
rectified or amended
completed
We reserve the right to refuse to provide a copy of your personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal.
We do, however, allow you to challenge our decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Upon your request and to the extent your request does not compromise our privacy or security policies, we will update and correct personal information you have provided to us. In addition, we will honor all requests to remove your name from our solicitation efforts by modifying our database to ensure that no further contact is made with you. Please allow 6-8 weeks for the changes to take effect due to the lead times required for mailing preparation. If you wish to update your information, you may do so by sending us an e-mail that identifies the information you with to have updated. If you wish to remove your name from our solicitation efforts, simply send us an email at contact@childrenscancer.org or call at (952) 893-9355 or toll free: 1-888-422-7348.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users' activity, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”:
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can manually delete, block, or disable all cookies, within your browser privacy settings or options. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. This may impact your user experience and parts of the Sites may not work for you; however, you will be able to submit information.
You cannot remove or block web beacons as they form part of the content of the web pages. These tools do not identify you personally and allow us to track and analyze aggregated usage data about our Site and its use. However, because they work in conjunction with cookies, turning off cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking your user activity on our Site.  The beacon can still account for an anonymous visit, but your unique information will not be recorded. The Site does not monitor for or behave differently if your computer transmits a “do not track” or similar beacon or message.
Security:
All information provided to Children's Cancer Research Fund is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Children's Cancer Research Fund. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Tell-A-Friend:
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Children's Cancer Research Fund will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. Children's Cancer Research Fund stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Other Web Sites:
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Children's Cancer Research Fund has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
A Note to Parents
The Site is not designed for or directed at children 13 years of age or younger. However, we believe that kids can make a difference, and we may collect and maintain information about users under this age if such individuals register for one of our events or start a fundraising team, and we ask such users to do so only with parent or guardian consent. We will not require such users to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the fundraising activity. Parents can agree to the collection and use of their child's information, and we will not share that child's information with third parties unless that information is necessary to support the fundraising activity. We allow users of any age to make their name and fundraising information publicly available through the Site in connection with fundraising events. Parents may request to review, have deleted, or refuse the further use or collection of any information collected from their children using the contact information below.
Contacting Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Children's Cancer Research Fund
7301 Ohms Lane, Suite 355
Minneapolis, MN 55439
You can also send an email to: contact@childrenscancer.org or call us toll-free at 1-888-422-7348
Last Modified: January 24, 2020.
Type and Press “enter” to Search