https://churchesosteo.com/privacy-cookie-policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Scope
This document refers to personal data, which is defined as information concerning any living person (a natural person who hereafter will be called the Data Subject) that is not already in the public domain.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is EU wide and far more extensive than its predecessor the Data Protection Act, along with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR), seek to protect and enhance the rights of EU data subjects. These rights cover the safeguarding of personal data, protection against the unlawful processing of personal data and the unrestricted movement of personal data within the EU and its storage within the EEA.
1 – Churches Osteopathic Practice Ltd. based at 51 East Street, Horsham, West Sussex RH121HR, which hereafter for the purposes of this Privacy Notice will be referred to as the Osteopaths, is pleased to provide the following information:
2 – Who we are
The Osteopaths diagnose and treat health conditions. Treatments are carried out in accordance with the Institute of Osteopathy’s patient charter http://www.iosteopathy.org/osteopathy/the-patient-charter/. The practice may also provide other treatments, about which our staff will be pleased to provide more details.
3 – Personal Data
a) For the purposes of providing treatment, Osteopaths may require detailed medical information. We will only collect what is relevant and necessary for your treatment. When you visit our practice, we will make notes which may include details concerning your medication, treatment and other issues affecting your health. This data is always held securely, is not shared with anyone not involved in your treatment, although for data storage purposes it may be handled by pre-vetted staff who have all signed an integrity and confidentiality agreement. To be able to process your personal data it is a condition of any treatment that you give your explicit consent to allow Osteopaths to document and process your personal medical data. Contact details provided by you such as telephone numbers, email addresses, postal addresses may be used to remind you of future appointments and provide reports or other information concerning your treatment. As part of our obligations as primary healthcare practitioners there may be circumstances related to your treatment, on-going care or medical diagnosis that will require the sharing of your medical records with other healthcare practitioners e.g GPs, consultants, surgeons and/or medical insurance companies. Where this is required we will always inform you first unless we are under a legal obligation to comply.
b) For marketing purposes, the Osteopaths may also use the contact details provided by you to respond to your enquiries, including making telephone contact and emailing information to you which the practice believes may be of interest to you.
c) In making initial contact with the practice you consent to Osteopaths maintaining a marketing dialogue with you until you either opt out (which you can do at any time) or we decide to desist in promoting our services. Osteopaths may occasionally also act on behalf of its patients in the capacity of data processor, when we may promote other practitioners based at our premises, who may not be employed by us. Osteopaths do not broker your data and you can ask to be removed from our marketing database by emailing or phoning the practice using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Notice.
d) Some basic personal data may be collected about you from the marketing forms and surveys you complete, from records of our correspondence and phone calls and details of your visits to our website, including but not limited to, personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
e) Osteopaths’ website uses cookies, which is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. WordPress.org uses cookies to help Osteopaths to identify and track visitors and their website access preferences. Osteopaths’ website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Osteopaths’ website.
f) Osteopaths will only collect the information needed so that we can provide you with the services you require, the business does not sell or broker your data.
4 – Legal basis for processing any personal data
To meet our contractual obligations obtained from explicit Patient Consent and legitimate interest to respond to enquiries concerning the services provided.
5 – Legitimate interests pursued by Osteopaths
To promote treatments for patients with all types of health problems indicated for osteopathic care.
6 – Consent
Through agreeing to this privacy notice you are consenting to Osteopaths processing your personal data for the purposes outlined. You can withdraw consent at any time by using the postal, email address or telephone number provided at the end of this Privacy Notice.
7 – Disclosure
Osteopaths will keep your personal information safe and secure, only staff engaged in providing your treatment will have access to your patient records, although our administration team will have access to your contact details so that they can make appointments and manage your account. Osteopaths will not disclose your Personal Information unless compelled to, in order to meet legal obligations, regulations or valid governmental requests. The practice may also enforce its Terms and Conditions, including investigating potential violations of its Terms and Conditions to detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security or technical issues; or to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of its staff.
8 – Retention Policy
Osteopaths will process personal data during the duration of any treatment and will continue to store only the personal data needed for eight years after the contract has expired to meet any legal obligations. After eight years all personal data will be deleted, unless basic information needs to be retained by us to meet our future obligations to you, such as erasure details. Records concerning minors who have received treatment will be retained until the child has reached the age of 25.
9 – Data storage
All Data is held in the United Kingdom. Osteopaths does not store personal data outside the EEA.
10 – Your rights as a data subject
At any point whilst Osteopaths are in possession of, or processing your personal data, all data subjects have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
In the event that Osteopaths refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge. At your request Osteopaths can confirm what information it holds about you and how it is processed.
11 – You can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation (Osteopaths) that has determined how and why to process your data.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Osteopaths and information about these interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erasure, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority (ICO).
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
12 – To access what personal data is held, identification will be required
Osteopaths will accept the following forms of identification (ID) when information on your personal data is requested: a copy of your driving licence, passport, birth certificate and a utility bill not older than three months. A minimum of one piece of photographic ID listed above and a supporting document is required. If Osteopaths is dissatisfied with the quality, further information may be sought before personal data can be released. All requests should be made to Chris Wilson or by phoning +44 (0) 1403 252228 or writing to us at the address further below.
13 Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Osteopaths you have the right to complain to us. If you do not get a response within 30 days, you can complain to the ICO.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Chris Wilson Churches Osteopathic Practice Ltd. 51 East Street, RH121HR. Telephone +44 (0) 1403 252228 or email:info@churchesosteo.com
ICO
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF Telephone +44 (0) 303 123 1113 or email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the website.  This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve the website.
By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as set out by this policy.
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that, if you agree to their use, is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or device.  They contain information that is transferred to your hard drive.
The cookies that we could use can be split into the following categories:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the website.  They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into parts of the website.
Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to the website and to see how they move around within the website when they are using it.  This helps us to improve the way the website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to the website.  This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.  We may share this information with third parties (see our Privacy Policy for more information on how we use information we collect from you).
THE COOKIES WE USE
We use the following cookies:
Category
Cookie Name
Purpose
Duration
Visitor Analytics
_ga
Used by churchesosteo.com to see how our website users navigate the site.
2 Years
Visitor Analytics
_gat_gtag_UA_1893933-1
Used by churchesosteo.com to see how our website users navigate the site.
Until you close the browser
Visitor Analytics
_gid
Used by churchesosteo.com to see how our website users navigate the site.
1 Day
System
wordpress_logged_in_x
A core system cookie that is used to maintain website logins.
Until you close the browser
System
wordpress_sec_x
A core system cookie that is used to maintain website logins.
Until you close the browser
System
wordpress_test_cookie
Used by WordPress to check that cookies work
Until you close the browser
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.  These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
HOW YOU CAN BLOCK COOKIES
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
However, please be aware that blocking cookies may affect your ability to use the website.  In particular, you may not be able to access all or parts of the website or use the functionalities contained on it.
Testimonials
"I have been visiting Chris for 10 years, more regularly since I broke my neck in a cycling accident 6 years ago. In my experience he has that ability to determine the source of the pain and invariably his treatment..."Roger, Horsham.
"Following an injury the GP diagnosed tendon damage, it was very restricting. I tried the New Shock Wave treatment at Churches Osteopathy, It has been brilliant. I would recommend anyone with a chronic debilitating injury to give it a go...."JS – Dorking
"Chris has done a brilliant job with my back. I can now walk unaided and wake up without pain."R.A – Littlehampton.
"I’ve been to Churches for the last 10 years Chris and Liz continually fix both myself and my husband."Y.P – Portugal
"I started seeing Chris a few months back with a number of sport (golf) related injuries. A couple of months down the road I am playing golf pain free and all other issues are most definitely in remission. Chris is..."K.P – Horsham.
"I suffered with tennis elbow for in excess of 6 years. I was astonished by the improvement that has been made since the 5 sessions of shock therapy. Although not quite disappeared the improvement is significant, thank you."D – Horsham
"Fantastic job done by Chris, I had 2 bulging discs and was not able to sit, walk or even do up my shoelaces. After a few treatments I could really feel the difference ."Richard – Littlehampton West Sussex
"I have been a client of Chris for quite a few years now….. he is always professional, efficient and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend him."Lucinda – Horsham West Sussex
"I have a number of issues associated with complications after a hip operation in 2001.  I find that regular osteopathic treatment from Chris enables me to play golf and perform daily tasks which I would otherwise be unable to do."Bob – Horsham West Sussex
"Chris has been helping pretty much my whole family for various things, from post motorbike accident recovery, marathon training injuries, trampolining strains to wear and tear on shoulder and neck from my job! He’s always been happy to help, offer..."Rebecca – Horsham
"Chris has treated me for several years for different ailments and has always found a solution to the pain. His professionalism, expertise and knowledge has meant that I have no problem in recommending him to anyone."JB – Horsham
"Chris has worked wonders to keep my husband and I mobile for many, many years! Back, knees, shoulders all been sorted, always feel able to ask questions to understand what is wrong and what is being done. Great service."Sarah – Horsham
"Pregnancy and Slipped disc – I would highly recommended Chris, he made me feel at ease and welcome. Chris was able to diagnose i had a prolapsed disc, this had previously been undiagnosed with other practices. I’m not out the..."Ruth – Horsham
"When I first saw Chris I was in a lot of pain with my arthritic ankle; treatment has reduced pain and my walking has improved. Thank you for helping me regain normal life."Ron – Horsham
"I have been going to Chris for some years now for treatment on my arthritic neck.  I have limited movement in my neck and his treatment & advice has helped me a great deal. He is very patient and always..."Shirley – Horsham
© Copyright 2020
CHURCHES OSTEOPATHIC PRACTICE | ADMIN LOGIN
Website design by
Coronavirus Update
We are open as usual
For more information about our protocols and safety measures please view our covid-19 page:
More information
CookiesThis site uses cookies. Click the link to find out how we use cookies and view our privacy policy. Find out more.Okay, thank you