http://classicalacupuncture.net/home/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Christie Harrington Acupuncturist
Christie Harrington Acupuncturist
New York board and nationally board certified
Home
Privacy Policy
About
Diagnosis
Treatments
Location
Contact
CONTACT
Classical Acupuncture PC
Suite 104, 1227 Main Street,
Port Jefferson,
New York 11777
Tel: 631 474 1899
Fax: 631 476 1376
Email:
Privacy Policy Who we are
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. Some technical terms used in this statement are explained at the end of this page.
General statement
CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts.
Collection and use of personal information
CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by using our online form). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes.
Requests regarding data supplied via this website
On request, we supply copies of your personal data which you may have supplied via this website. If you wish to obtain such copies, you must write to CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE at the address above, or e-mail us at info@classicalacupuncture.net You should include any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the website (e.g. Name; address; phone number; e-mail address). Your request will be dealt with as soon as possible.
If you discover that CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE holds inaccurate information about you, you can request CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE to correct that information. Such a request must be in writing or via e-mail.
In certain circumstance you may also request that data which you have supplied via the website be deleted. If you wish to request a deletion, you would generally be expected to identify some contravention of data protection law in the manner in which CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE processes the data concerned.
Complaints about data processed via the website
If you are concerned about how personal data are processed via this website, please do not hesitate to bring such concerns to the attention of CLASSICAL ACUPUNCTURE at the contact details above.
Home     About     Diagnosis     Treatments     Location     Contact
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.