https://clinicalosteopathy.com/privacy-policy
Admissions Tel: 1-855-916-SOCO (7626)
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Linkedin
Privacy Policy
Southern Ontario College of Osteopathy (SOCO) is committed to respecting your privacy. In general, you can visit our site on the Web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. In some areas, however, you may choose services that require you to provide us with information by which you can be identified. (For example, you can make requests and register to receive materials.) Once any personally identifiable information is received, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with (SOCO).
SOCO uses the information collected from you to better understand your needs and to provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to communicate back to you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our website for you.
SOCO will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others without your express permission. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with authorized personnel within the institution. SOCO will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without letting you know and offering you a choice.
SOCO is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data information.
Website Disclaimer
Welcome to our website. The material on the Southern Ontario College of Osteopathy (SOCO) Website is provided for our current students, prospective students, patients, faculty, alumni and others in the growing international community of individuals and businesses communicating via the World Wide Web.
The information should not be used for diagnostic purposes in lieu of consultation with a healthcare professional. You should not rely on any of the information on this Web site or its links. Instead, we suggest that you seek the advice of a physician with respect to any medical information contained on the Website or its links or contact SOCO directly through the Administration office.
The posting and periodic updating of this website and its links are not intended to create, nor do they create, a physician-patient relationship. You should not act on or rely on any medical information on the World Wide Web without obtaining the advice of a physician.
We would be pleased to communicate with you by e-mail. However, if you communicate with us through the World Wide Web, you should know that Internet e-mail is not secure. You should not send sensitive or confidential e-mail messages unless you are certain that you have adequately encrypted them. We discourage e-mail for confidential physician/patient communication.
We have made every effort to comply with all applicable legal and medical ethical requirements pertaining to Web sites. The links to other Internet resources are provided for informational purposes only and are not intended to state or imply that SOCO is affiliated, associated with or legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol or material in the link.
Use of the SOCO logo, wordmark or College seal is forbidden without prior written consent of Southern Ontario College of Osteopathy (SOCO) administration.