https://cloudneuro.com/privacy-policy/
TMS Machine
Courses
Store
Providers
Partners
Videos
Print
Login
Register
Inquire now
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) discloses the privacy practices of TeleEMG, LLC (“TeleEMG”) with regard to your (“You” or “Your”) use of this web site (https://cloudneuro.com/) (the “Site”).
TeleEMG is committed to Your privacy. TeleEMG hereby notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of Yours is collected from You through this Site and how the information is used.
How the information may be shared.
How TeleEMG protects your information.
How You can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through this site and how the information is used.
Information Collection and Use
TeleEMG is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, transfer or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
TeleEMG collects information from You when you purchase products or services on our Site.
Registration and Purchases
During the collection of information at https://cloudemg.com/emg-supplies-store/ and https://cloudneuro.com/tms/store/ pages on the Site, You are required to give Your contact information (such as name and e-mail address) as well as payment information (such as credit card number and expiration date). Such information allows TeleEMG to process and fulfill Your order and to notify You of Your order status. Your e-mail address is also used to confirm Your identity. This information is also used to contact You about the services on the Site for which You may have expressed interest.
When the Site requests Your identity, the Site will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested.
IP Addresses
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” or IP address. When You request a page from any page within the Site, our web servers automatically recognize Your domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about You other than the IP address from which You have accessed the Site. TeleEMG may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track Your movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Children’s and Minor’s Privacy
TeleEMG strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise the online activities of their minor children and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools also can prevent minors from disclosing their name, address, and other personally identifiable information online without parental permission. Although the https://cloudneuro.com site is not intended for use by minors, TeleEMG respects the privacy of minors who may use the Internet. Whenever TeleEMG becomes aware that a user is under the age of 13 years, the following additional terms, conditions and notices apply to use of the Site:
Users under 13 years of age may not submit information through the Site. TeleEMG will not collect any personally identifiable information about a person that TeleEMG determines is under age 13, except with written consent from the person’s parent or legal guardian after informing the parent or legal guardian about the types of information TeleEMG will collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances it will be disclosed.
“Personally identifiable information” collected from minors may include any of the information collected on our Site, including their contact information (such as name and e-mail address), and may be used by TeleEMG for the same purposes as adult information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
A minor’s parent or legal guardian may request TeleEMG to provide a description of the personally identifiable information that TeleEMG has collected from the minor, as well as instruct TeleEMG to cease further use, maintenance and collection of personally identifiable information from the minor.
Opt-Out Procedures
You may opt-out of receiving communications from TeleEMG at the point where the Site requests personally identifiable information about You.
Contact info@teleemg.com to be removed from our e-mail list. If You are using an e-mail forwarding service or other similar service please make sure to include the correct e-mail address or addresses.
Use of Personal Health Information
https://cloudneuro.com does not collect personal health information about individuals.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to Your browser from a web server and stored on Your computer’s hard drive. A cookie cannot read data off Your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Use of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the Site. Once You close Your browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on the Site, You would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the Site.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the setting of Your browser. You can reset your Browser to refuse all cookies or allow Your browser to show You when a cookie is being sent. If You reject the cookies on the Site, You may still use the Site. The only drawback to this is that You may be limited in some areas of our site. For example, you may be asked to reenter information you have already entered.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
TeleEMG and our business partners may use cookies to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that You see on the Site.
How information may be shared
Sharing
TeleEMG may share aggregated demographic information with TeleEMG’s partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
TeleEMG may partner with another party to provide specific services. When You sign up for these services, TeleEMG will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. Per TeleEMG’s contractual arrangements with such parties, these parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the explicit purpose of providing these services.
TeleEMG shall not be liable for the transfer of any personally identifiable information resulting from loss or distribution of data, the delineation or corruption of storage media, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, acts of vandalism, sabotage, terrorism or any other event beyond TeleEMG’s control.
Sale of Assets, Merger, Acquisition, Bankruptcy
Information collected from You may be transferred to a third party as a result of a sale or acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving TeleEMG.
Spam
TeleEMG maintains a strict “No-Spam” policy, which means that TeleEMG does not intend to sell, rent or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third party without Your consent.
Legal Requests
TeleEMG cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties, to enforce laws and third party rights, such as intellectual property rights and laws relating to fraud. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, or other activity that may expose us or You to legal liability, TeleEMG can (and You authorize TeleEMG to) disclose Your personal data and other information about You as TeleEMG, in its sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate.
How we protect your information
Confidentiality and Security
TeleEMG takes all necessary precautions to protect users’ personal information both online and off-line.
When TeleEMG requests that You enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted with 128 Bit SSL encryption.
In addition to using this encryption method, TeleEMG also protects Your personal information off-line. Access to Your personal information is limited to employees who TeleEMG reasonably believes will need that information to provide services to You.
However, TeleEMG is not responsible for the confidentiality, security or distribution of Your personally identifiable information by our partners and third parties outside the scope of our agreements with such partners and third parties.
Links
https://cloudneuro.com may contain links to other sites. The linked sites are not necessarily under the control of TeleEMG. Please be aware that TeleEMG is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. TeleEMG encourages You to be aware when You leave this Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. If You decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Site, You do so entirely at your own risk. Any links to any partner of the Site should be the responsibility of the linking party, and TeleEMG shall not be responsible for notification of any change in name or location of any information of the Site.
Correcting Inaccuracies
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If Your personally identifiable information changes (such as address or billing information), or if You no longer desire to use this Site, You can update Your profile on the https://cloudneuro.com page of the Site after you have securely logged in. TeleEMG will endeavor to correct, update or remove Your personal data provided to TeleEMG.
Notification of Changes
If TeleEMG decides to change the Privacy Policy for this Site, TeleEMG will post those changes on https://cloudneuro.com so You are always aware of what information TeleEMG collects, how TeleEMG uses it, and under what circumstances, if any, TeleEMG discloses it. If You have provided personally identifiable information before the changes in TeleEMG’s Privacy Policy, You will have a choice as to whether or not TeleEMG uses Your information in accordance with the changes to its Privacy Policy. If You notify TeleEMG to not use Your personally identifiable information in accordance with the new privacy policy, TeleEMG will use such information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was originally collected.
Site and Service Updates
As necessary, TeleEMG may send You Site and service announcement updates. You are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the Site. TeleEMG communicates via e-mail with You to provide requested services and to resolve issues relating to Your account(s).
Consent to This Policy
By browsing, purchasing and/or downloading Materials (as defined in the Terms of Use on https://cloudneuro.com/terms-of-use/, which is incorporated herein by reference) or using Services (as defined in the Terms of Use) or by using this Site, you consent to the collection and use of personally identifiable information by TeleEMG as specified in this Privacy Policy.