https://cmho.org/privacy-policy/
Find a centre near you...
FIND HELP
Member Login
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Children’s Mental Health Ontario is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information that is shared with us by employees, members, volunteers, donors and others who may be involved in our activities or on our website. CMHO personnel are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. We value the trust of those who deal with us, and we strive to maintain the accuracy, confidentiality and security of their personal information.
On this page:
Defining Personal InformationCollecting Information Helps Us Serve You BetterSafeguarding Your Personal InformationThe InternetOpenness & AccessAccountabilityInquiries or ComplaintsDisclaimer
Defining Personal Information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. This information can include an individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well a facts about or related to the individual. Business contact information and other information that may be available to the public (e.g. names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories) are not considered personal information.
Collecting Information Helps Us Serve You Better
CMHO always identifies the purposes for which personal information is being collected either before or at the time it is collected. We do not automatically gather any personal information such as your name, phone number or e-mail address through our website. This information is only obtained if you supply it to us voluntarily, for example, through contacting us via e-mail or by asking to join a discussion forum or list serv.
We collect, use and disclose information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in light of the circumstances. For example, we collect and use personal information for:
disseminating information about our conferences, other events and activities, and publications;
billing and accounting services related to our operations;
member communication, service and administration;
expense claims administration;internal and regulatory audit purposes;
complying with legal and regulatory requirements.
Safeguarding Your Personal Information
We take all necessary precautions to ensure that personal information is safeguarded and used only for the purpose(s) for which it was provided, whether it is stored in electronic or paper format. In all cases, information is protected from unauthorized access and kept only as long as is reasonably required. For example, our electronic files are password protected and accessible only by authorized employees on a need-to-know basis.
We do not sell or rent to others mailing lists or personal information that we hold. We will obtain your consent before using or disclosing your personal information for any purpose, except where the law provides an exemption. In certain circumstances we may be required to provide personal information for legal or regulatory purposes, for example, in the Annual Registered Charity Information Return for Canada Revenue Agency, and the Annual Information Return for the Government of Ontario. In exceptional circumstances, we may also be required to share information with law enforcement agencies, in emergencies, where required by court order or search warrant, or to report suspected child abuse as required by legislation in all provinces and territories in Canada.
The Internet
CMHO may collect information and track user patterns anonymously on its website by using a browser feature called a “cookie”, which is able to identify your browser – but not you – to our computers. This information is used solely to enable us to provide you with a useful online experience and to find ways to improve our site. Although cookies are widely used, it may be possible to disable cookies via the browser settings on your computer. However, doing so may affect the functioning of some websites. We cannot use cookies by themselves to disclose the individual identity of any site user, and we never combine information gathered by a cookie with personally identifiable information like your name, telephone number, or even your e-mail address, without your consent.
Openness & Access
CMHO will provide information to individuals about our policies and procedures relating to the management of personal information that we hold. On written request, CMHO will inform an individual of the existence, use and disclosure of their personal information that we hold, and will give the individual access to that information. Individuals are entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of their personal information that is held by CMHO, and to request that it be amended, as appropriate.
Accountability
CMHO is responsible for protecting the personal information under its control and has designated an individual to be accountable for compliance with these policies.
Inquiries or Complaints
If you have questions or concerns about your personal information that is held by CMHO, or about our privacy policies and procedures, please write to:
Privacy Officer Children’s Mental Health Ontario 2305-180 Dundas Street West Toronto ON M5G 1Z8 Or contact info AT cmho DOT org, attention: Privacy Officer.
For further information about privacy and your rights regarding your personal information, please visit the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at http://www.privcom.gc.ca/.
Disclaimer
The information contained in www.cmho.org is compiled and published by Children’s Mental Health Ontario/Santé mentale pour enfants Ontario (CMHO) as a resource for people who are seeking help or information related to child and youth mental health.  While CMHO has attempted to ensure the accuracy of information contained in this site, users should not rely on this information for either assessing or treating mental health problems – any person who suspects he or she may be experiencing a mental health difficulty should contact a health professional, such as a physician, a psychologist, or a social worker.
The information contained in this website is protected by Creative Commons Copyright: it may only be used or reproduced if attributed to CMHO, and may not be used for commercial purposes of any kind.
The information about treatment services is provided by the agencies and/or practitioners listed, and CMHO does not warrant its accuracy or completeness.  All children’s mental health centres that belong to CMHO agree to be accredited at least every four years, however CMHO assumes no liability whatsoever for any acts or omissions of accredited centres, and CMHO makes no representations concerning the competence or discipline history of the professionals and other service providers listed individually or employed by a listed organization.
CMHO assumes no responsibility for information provided on any site that is linked to www.cmho.org.
Use of www.cmho.org is wholly voluntary and is at the user’s sole risk and will not result in any liability against CMHO. CMHO cannot and does not provide any warranties or make representations related to the information contained in or any resulting services selected through www.cmho.org.
If you understand and accept the terms and conditions of using www.cmho.org as outlined above, you may continue your use of the site; otherwise, please leave the site now.
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset