https://cnps.ca/terms-conditions/
Terms of Use
Canadian Nurses Protective Society > Terms of Use
Content
The Canadian Nurses Protective Society provides this Internet site as a service to its provincial and territorial nursing associations, and to their members. The information contained herein DOES NOT constitute legal or health care advice. Readers should consult their own legal counsel for specific advice.
Accuracy of Information
While care has been taken to provide viewers with accurate information, the CNPS cannot warrant the accuracy or completeness of information on this website. The CNPS and its employees do not accept any liability for errors or omissions.
Responsibility for Links
The CNPS may provide links to third-party websites or resources, or third-party information referencing or linking to third-party websites or resources, which may be of interest to the nursing community.
The CNPS has no control over such third-party websites and resources, and you acknowledge and agree that the CNPS is not responsible for the content or information contained therein. When you follow such a link, you are no longer protected by our Privacy Policy, and we encourage you to read the privacy statements or other disclaimers of such other parties. The CNPS is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of external websites, services or products.
The CNPS cannot and does not guarantee, represent or warrant that the content or information contained in such third-party websites and resources is accurate, legal, non-infringing or inoffensive. The CNPS does not endorse the content or information of any third-party website or resource and, further, the CNPS does not warrant that such websites or resources will not contain viruses or other malicious code or will not otherwise affect your computer. By using the CNPS website to search for or link to a third-party website, you agree and understand that the CNPS shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or losses caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of, or reliance on, the CNPS to obtain search results or to link to a third-party website.
Trademarks and Copyright
The CNPS logo and the infoLAW® design are registered trademarks of the Canadian Nurses Protective Society. Except where otherwise noted, copyright in all content is the property of the Canadian Nurses Protective Society. The CNPS permits the display and reproduction of information from this website only for personal and professional non-commercial use, on condition that page(s) used remain unaltered, with copyright acknowledgement given to the Canadian Nurses Protective Society. Any other use requires permission from the CNPS.
Privacy
You acknowledge that you have read the CNPS’ Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated into these Terms of Use, and you agree to abide by the terms of the Privacy Policy. You consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by the CNPS in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that, subject to the Privacy Policy, the CNPS may disclose information relating to your use of, or access to, your account and the CNPS website in accordance with applicable laws.
Search For...
Search
Close