https://coastguard.com.au/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home / About Us / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Australian Volunteer Coast Guard Association Inc. (AVCGA) offers a range of memberships and services. The AVCGA offers general membership, radio associate membership, public instruction courses, marine search and rescue services, radio coverage services, educational services and memorial services. The AVCGA also offers a range of courses through its related entities, particularly the Coast Guard Academy Australia.
The protection of personal information and the responsible use of information is important to the AVCGA. The AVCGA is committed to respecting the right to privacy and the protection of personal information.
This Privacy Policy sets out:
What personal and sensitive information the AVCGA collects;
How the AVCGA collects personal and sensitive information;
How the AVCGA uses or discloses personal and sensitive information
How individuals can access or seek correction of information held by the AVCGA; and
Who to contact regarding privacy issues and complaints
This Privacy Policy applies to the use of all AVCGA applications on all platforms.
By providing your personal information to the AVCGA, you consent to its use, storage and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Policy provides for the way in which the AVCGA, its Squadrons and Flotillas may collect, use, store and disclose information.  Third party commercial entities and subsidiaries, whether owned or acting on behalf of the AVCGA, may be subject to the same privacy laws and may be governed by their own privacy policies.  The AVCGA will always do its utmost to ensure that personal information is respected and protected.
Download our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is available for download as PDF via the link below. Please note, the privacy policy may be subject to periodic changes.
AVCGA Privacy Policy
Contact the National Administrator
If you have questions regarding our privacy policy, your information and how it may be used you can use the form below to contact our National Administrator.
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Message
Please leave this field empty.
What personal and sensitive information does the Australian Volunteer Coast Guard Association collect?
Personal Information
Generally, personal information is information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database) from which it is possible to determine someone’s identity.
The information collected by the AVCGA about a particular person will vary depending on the circumstances of collection.  It may include, but is not limited to, a person’s contact details (name, email and/or postal address, phone number), date of birth, gender, credit card details, driver licence number, passport number, insurance details, employment history, qualifications, student number or communication history with the AVCGA.
Credit Information
It is most unlikely that the AVCGA would obtain credit information (other than credit card details). Should this occur, however, the AVCGA shall only collect this information in accordance with the Privacy Act and the Credit Reporting Code of Conduct and only with the person’s consent.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is a type of personal information that also includes information or an opinion about:
racial or ethnic origin;
political opinions;
membership of a political association, professional or trade association or trade union;
religious beliefs or affiliations or philosophical beliefs;
sexual preferences or practices;
criminal record; or
health, genetic information or disability.
If it is reasonably necessary, in the circumstances, the AVCGA may also collect sensitive information such as a person’s medical history, nationality, their police check, their ethnic background or disabilities.
The AVCGA is required by law to obtain consent when collecting sensitive information.  The AVCGA will assume consent to the collection of all sensitive information that is provided to it for use in accordance with this Privacy Policy, unless told otherwise.
How does the Australian Volunteer Coast Guard Association collect personal and sensitive information?
Where practical, the AVCGA will give you the option of interacting anonymously. Nevertheless, information may be collected when you:
become a volunteer member of the AVCGA or other body which is affiliated with or related to the AVCGA (such as the Coast Guard Academy Australia);
apply for or become a service member of the AVCGA;
become employed by the AVCGA or its related entities;
subscribe to any publication of the AVCGA or of a related entity, including electronic publications;
provide details to the AVCGA or to a related entity in an application form, consent form, survey, feedback form or incident report;
enter personal information into, or agree to having your personal information entered into one of the AVCGA’s online systems or Apps such as the ‘Safe Trx App’ or another AVCGA application;
access the AVCGA website;
contact the AVCGA via email, telephone or mail or engage with the AVCGA via social media;
participate in any program, activity or event run by the AVCGA or by a related entity;
purchase merchandise, products or services from the AVCGA or from a related entity;
are elected or appointed to a position within the AVCGA or within a related entity;
apply for employment or a volunteer position with the AVCGA or with a related entity; or
where the AVCGA is required to collect information from you by law ( for example, for education, VET training, child protection, Work health and safety laws, charitable collections, medical treatment  protocols or other legislation, including subordinate legislation, in Australia).
Providing information
Depending on the circumstances, some types of information will be required and others might be optional. If you do not provide some or all of the information requested, this may affect the AVCGA’s ability to communicate with you or to provide the requested products or services.
By not providing requested information, you may jeopardise your ability to participate in programs or apply for employment or volunteer positions with the AVCGA or with a related entity.  If it is impracticable for the AVCGA to deal with you as a result of you not providing the requested information or consents, the AVCGA may refuse to do so.
Collection from Third Parties
The AVCGA, or a related entity, may collect personal information regarding a child from the parent or other responsible person associated with that child.
In some circumstances, the AVCGA collects information from related entities or other third parties.
Examples of such third parties include, without limitation, educational institutions, medical practitioners, first-aiders and government emergency services and emergency management bodies and regulatory and law enforcement bodies.
Information storage and protection
The AVCGA stores information in different ways, including in paper and electronic form. Much of the information the AVCGA collects from and about its members is added to its database. When your information is entered into the AVCGA database, the information may be combined or linked with other information held about you.
Security of personal information is important to the AVCGA. The AVCGA has taken steps to protect the information it holds from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Some of the security measures the AVCGA uses includes strict confidentiality requirements of our employees, volunteers, related entities and service providers, as well as security measures for system access, and security measures for its website, such as firewalls and system encryption. Access to personal information is limited to those who specifically need it  to conduct their responsibilities.
The AVCGA educates its staff and volunteers to ensure that the provisions of the Privacy Act are complied with at all times.
How does the AVCGA use and disclose personal and sensitive information?
Use
The AVCGA, and third parties to whom it may disclose personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may use your personal information to:
verify your identity;
complete background checks;
assess membership applications;
process payments of membership dues;
research, develop, run and administer programs relating to a variety of activities including but not limited to emergency management information, membership management, education offerings and organisational administration, social events and to assist police or other legal agencies for the purposes of medical treatment amongst others;
research, develop and market products, services made available by the AVCGA and by third parties;
respond to emergency situations involving or requiring medical treatment;
administer, manage and provide you with access to self-service portals and other IT based applications; and
keep you informed of news and information relating to various marine safety events, activities or opportunities via various mediums.
The AVCGA may use health information to ensure that programs it operates are run safely and in accordance with any special health needs participants may require.  Health information may also be kept for insurance purposes. In addition, we may use de-identified health information and other sensitive information to carry out research, to prepare submissions to government or other regulatory bodies, or to plan events and activities.
Disclosure
The AVCGA may disclose your personal information to a range of organisations which include, but are not limited to:
AVCGA’s related entities and other organisations involved in marine safety and emergency management;
companies it engages to carry out functions and activities on the AVCGA’s behalf, such as a mailing house;
its professional advisers, including its accountants, auditors and lawyers;
its insurers; and
other circumstances permitted by law.
In addition, the AVCGA may also disclose personal information:
with your express or implied consent;
when required or authorised by law;
to emergency management bodies;
to enforcement bodies when reasonably necessary; or
to lessen or prevent a threat to an individual or public health or safety.
The AVCGA website
When users visit the AVCGA website, its systems may record certain information about their use of the site, including the web pages visited and the time and date of their visit. The AVCGA may use this information to improve the performance of the website.
In addition, The AVCGA may use “cookies” on its website. Cookies are small text files that help a website to remember the preferences of users to improve the experience of using that website. In some cases, the cookies that the AVCGA use may collect some personal information. In that event, the AVCGA will treat this information in the same way as other personal information it collects. You are free to disable cookies on your internet browser to prevent this information being collected; however, you may lose the benefit of an enhanced website experience that the use of cookies may offer.
Websites linked to the AVCGA’s website are not subject to AVCGA’s privacy standards, policies or procedures.  The AVCGA does not take any responsibility for the collection, use, disclosure or security of any personal information that you provide to a third party website.
Accessing and seeking correction of information held by the AVCGA
The AVCGA will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it collects, uses or discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, the AVCGA relies on the accuracy of personal information as provided to it both directly and indirectly.
The AVCGA and its related entities also rely on their officers and volunteers to enter data and to make their best endeavours to ensure data is accurately recorded.
The AVCGA encourages all users to regularly review and update their personal information on the AVCGA database via the “members portal” link.
Individuals may also request access to their personal information held by the AVCGA by making a request via the contact details set out below. The AVCGA will respond to your request for access within 14 days and endeavour to provide the requested information within 30 days. If you find that the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will see that it is corrected.
Resolving privacy issues and complaints
Any issues or complaints in relation to the collection, use, disclosure, quality, security of and access to your personal information may be made to the AVCGA’s National Administration Commodore at the following address:
P.O. Box 1008BrightonQueensland, 4017Australia
The AVCGA will respond to your complaint within 30 days and try to resolve it within 90 days. If the AVCGA is unable to resolve your complaint within this time, or if you are unhappy with the outcome, you can contact:
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via its enquiries line 1300 363 992 or via its website http://www.oaic.gov.au/ to lodge a complaint.
The AVCGA may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Search for:
About Us
History
Magazine
Memorial Services
News
Privacy Policy
Locations
Flotilla Locator
Northern Territory
Queensland
South Australia
Victoria
Full Flotilla List
Education
Marine Academy
Radio Courses
First Aid & CPR
Victorian Marine License Course
Marine Assist
SafeTrx
Contact
Login
Subscribe
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?