http://columbiaplasticsurgery.com/contact/privacy-policy.php
Phone:
866.803.8033
Toggle navigation
About
Dr. Newkirk
Our Team
Testimonials
Plastic Surgery
Consultations
Ways to Pay
Procedures
Surgical
Non-Surgical
For Men
Gallery
Contact Us
Send An Email
Request An Appointment
Visit Us
Local Hotels
Resources
Financing
Newsletter
Other Resources
Our Privacy PolicyWe collect information including; name, phone number and email address when you submit such information to our website. This information is solely used for our marketing purposes and will never be given or sold to another party.
Opting Out
On occasion we email individuals notices of upcoming promotions. We only send these emails to people who have indicated they wish to be contacted. Should you desire not to receive these notifications, you can opt out by leaving the "promotions" box unchecked, when submitting information to our website. You can also unsubscribe from our mailing lists by clicking on the link at the bottom of the emails we send you.
Acceptance of Terms
Please read this policy carefully. By using Columbia Plastic Surgery's website, you automatically agree to the terms established in our privacy policy. We reserve the right to change, modify or add to this policy at any time. Should you not agree to this policy, we request that you cease using our website. If this policy changes in the future, we will notify by posting the new policy on our front page of our website. Otherwise, check back regularly for changes.
Related Pages
Dr. Newkirk
Visit Us
Send An Email
Request An Appointment
Get Our Newsletter
Quick Email
Sending us an email is easy. Simply fill out the form below. Items marked with a * are required.
First Name (Required)
Last Name (Required)
Email (Required)
leave empty
Phone Number
Message Contents
I agree to the Privacy Policy*
Send me your newsletter
Send It
Message Sent!Thank you for the message. We will respond as soon as possible.You can also contact us by calling 803.796.2770 or 866.803.8033
Request ConsultGetPatient Forms
Contact Us
Request An Appointment
Send an Email
Visit Us
Get our Newsletter
Local: 803.796.2770
Toll Free: 866.803.8033
Site Navigation
Home
Plastic Surgery
Services
Photo Gallery
Resources
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Locations
West Columbia
3020 Sunset Blvd. Ste. 100West Columbia, SC 29169					Monday - Closed
Tuesday - 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM
Wednesday - 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM
Thursday - 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM
Friday - 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM
Camden
1119 Little StreetCamden, SC 29020
By Appointment Only
Please sign up for our newsletter or call the office to inquire about availability for our Camden office.
Chapin
104 Ellett Rd.Chapin SC 29036
By Appointment Only
Please sign up for our newsletter or call the office to inquire about availability for our Chapin office.
Copyright © 2007-2020 Columbia Plastic Surgery PC. All Rights Reserved.
×
Privacy Policy
Information We CollectWe collect information including; name, phone number and email address when you submit such information to our website. This information is solely used for our marketing purposes and will never be given or sold to another party.
Opting Out
On occasion we email individuals notices of upcoming promotions. We only send these emails to people who have indicated they wish to be contacted. Should you desire not to receive these notifications, you can opt out by leaving the "promotions" box unchecked, when submitting information to our website. You can also unsubscribe from our mailing lists by clicking on the link at the bottom of the emails we send you.
Acceptance of Terms
Please read this policy carefully. By using Columbia Plastic Surgery's website, you automatically agree to the terms established in our privacy policy. We reserve the right to change, modify or add to this policy at any time. Should you not agree to this policy, we request that you cease using our website. If this policy changes in the future, we will notify by posting the new policy on our front page of our website. Otherwise, check back regularly for changes.
Close