http://consumerlab.com/privacy/
Product Reviews
Health Conditions
Brands
Warnings
Answers
News
Join Now & Get Full Access
Sign In
Join Now
In The News
Testimonials
News Releases
Search
Home
/
Privacy Policy
www.consumerlab.com/privacy/
Save to favorites
This feature is restricted to active members.
Join now to save favorites and get all member benefits, including over 1,300 reviews.
Join Now
Already a member? Sign in here.
Privacy Policy
ConsumerLab.com will not sell, rent, swap, or otherwise disclose to any third party any information
provided during your subscription registration.
For ConsumerLab.com subscribers, we reserve the right to send subscription maintenance emails,
such as order confirmation, renewal/expire notice, and credit card problem notifications,
and infrequent Service Alert messages, regardless of the opt-in status.
The purpose of the Service Alert messages are to inform subscribers of specific changes that may impact
their ability to use our site.
We do use certain technologies, such as "cookies," to improve your online experience with our sites.
We use these technologies:
During the site subscription process, or during any session in which you change any of your
subscription information, as a convenience to you — so you can avoid having to enter your
username and password on every screen.
This cookie is temporary and disappears when you exit your browser.
Once during each visit to our site, if you are a site subscriber, as a convenience to you —
so you can avoid having to enter your username and password every time you access a subscriber-only
area on the site.
This cookie is temporary and disappears when you exit your browser.
You must accept this temporary cookie in order to gain access to the subscriber-only area on the site.
Note: If your browser is set to notify you when you receive a cookie, you'll be prompted to accept
the cookie (Yes/No).
Please select "Yes".
During the sign-in process, you are given a choice to activate a cookie that allows you to
automatically sign in from your computer without having to remember your username and password.
This is completely optional and is provided for your convenience.
If you accept, the cookie will be saved to your hard drive, and will not be used for any purpose
other than automatic sign in.
ConsumerLab.com may conduct surveys to better understand our users.
All survey information is voluntarily disclosed and will not be associated with the individual users.
Cookies are used to track what surveys already have been presented,
to avoid users from being presented with or submitting duplicate surveys.
We do evaluate site usage by analyzing user information in the aggregate,
in a way that does not identify any individual user.
We maintain a secure process for collection, transmission, and storage of subscription registration information.
See our Security page for more details.
You can review your subscription information or change your subscriber information or credit card at any time.
Go to your Account Profile and follow the instructions there.
Related Links
About ConsumerLab.com
Meet Our Team
Quality Certification Program
Contact Us
ConsumerLab Seal
ConsumerLab Survey
Privacy Policy
Security
Join over 200,000 people on our weekly email list.
Subscribe
OUR MISSION: To identify the best quality health and nutritional products through independent testing.
Join Now & Get Full Access
Product Reviews
By Supplement Type
By Brand
By Health Condition
How Products Were Tested
Testing Programs
Quality Certification Program
Resources
ConsumerLab Answers
Encyclopedia
Clinical Updates
Recalls & Warnings
Recommended Intakes
More
Join ConsumerLab
Join Free Newsletter
Group Subscriptions
Testimonials
In The News
News Releases
Where To Buy Products
Member Support
Member Sign In
My Account
Give a Gift
Member Support
ConsumerLab.com
About Us
Contact Us
ConsumerLab Seal
ConsumerLab Survey
Privacy Policy
© 2020 ConsumerLab.com, LLC. All rights reserved. ConsumerLab.com name and flask logo are both registered trademarks of ConsumerLab.com, LLC. This site is intended for informational purposes only and not to provide medical advice.