https://contact.org.uk/privacy/#cookies
We've updated our use of cookies. By continuing to use our site,
you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in
our privacy
policy.
Close
Close
Privacy
Last updated: June 2020
At Contact we are committed to protecting your
privacy. Whenever you share personal data with us we aim to be
clear with you, and not to do anything with your data that you
wouldn't reasonably expect us to do.
We will never sell your personal data to other organisations and
will only ever share it in appropriate, legal or exceptional
circumstances.
We will only send e-newsletter and marketing communications to
those that have explicitly stated that they are happy for us to do
so via their preferred channel(s) (e.g. email, SMS, phone) or where
we have a legitimate interest reason for doing so. These
communications include information about Contact's services
supporting families with disabled children (including organisations
that are now part of the Contact family and whose services are run
by Contact, such as Hemihelp and Fledglings), and offers and
information about how you can become involved, including
fundraising, campaigning and volunteering.
Our fundraising is legal, open, honest and respectful. We adhere
to the Code of Fundraising Practice and are registered with the
Fundraising Regulator, which sets and maintains the standards for
charitable fundraising in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
If you would like to receive communications but have not opted
in, please contact us on 020 7608 8700 or dp@contact.org.uk
This privacy notice covers the following points:
What type of information we collect and
where from
How we use the information
collected
Legal basis & legitimate
interests
Who we share your information with
How we keep your data safe
How you can access and update your personal
information
Visitors to our website
Online community
How long we keep data for
How we handle children's data
Changes to the policy
If you are from a parent carer forum please also see our additional
notice for parent carer forums.
1. What type of information
do we collect and where from?
When you give it to us directly
We may ask for personal information about you, including your
name, date of birth, email address, postal address, telephone
number, the local authority that you live in and demographic
information such as ethnicity and gender.
Times when we would do this include when you ask about our
activities, take part in our activities, sign up for
e-newsletters/bulletins, tell us your story, take part in our
research, call our helpline, order products or services, make a
donation, fundraise on our behalf or complete an online survey.
This includes information that you may have provided to
organisations that are now part of the Contact family and whose
services are run by Contact, such as Hemihelp and Fledglings.
In some circumstances, such as when you get in touch with the
Contact helpline or access Contact's services, we may ask about
your children, including their ages, names, disability or medical
condition, other people in your household, the type of education
your child receives and your housing costs. You will always have
the option to"prefer not to say".
You may also provide personal information directly to us when
you get in touch with our helpline by email or through social
media. We collect this data to understand who we are helping with
each service and if there are groups of families with disabled
children that we are not reaching.
Occasionally, it may be useful for us to find out why you are
supporting us as this helps us understand the benefits of our work.
You do not have to answer this question and we only want you to
answer if you are happy doing so.
When you give it to us indirectly
Your information may be shared with us by independent event
organisers, such as Virgin London Marathon, or fundraising sites
like Justgiving or Virgin Money giving. These independent third
parties will only do this if you've indicated you're happy for them
to do so. You should check their privacy policy when you provide
your information to understand fully how they will process your
data.
We may get your information via a referral from a third party,
such as another charity or local authority, but they should ask for
your consent before sharing that information with us and we will
seek confirmation that they have done so.
When we collect your
information as you use our websites or applications - Cookie
use
At Contact, we are
committed to maintaining the confidence of everyone who uses our
services. It is important that you know we record your personal
data when you do things like visit our website or use our services.
We want you to trust us with that information, as we'll only ever
use it to provide you with better services and
information.
Our website uses cookies -
small text files placed on your device when you visit a website
containing standard information such as your IP address, browser
type and language, access times and referring website addresses.
Based on the International Chamber of Commerce's Guide for Cookie
categorisation, we use the following cookies types: Advertisement;
Analytics; Functional; Performance.
We use both first-party
(they're owned by us) and third-party (they're owned by our
partners) cookies, trackers, pixels and similar technology: to
enable you to use all the features on our website; to track how you
use our site so we can improve our online services; and, so that we
can ensure our advertising is cost-effective and personalised to
you, to share information (including information you provide to us
such as email address; gender; location; full name and phone
number) about your use of our site with third-party supplies, such
as our advertising and social media partners. These partners may
combine this with other information you've provided to them when
you've used their services.
We would recommend that you
review the privacy policy or cookie policy for any search engines
or websites that have linked you to our website. This is so that
you may fully understand the privacy policies they currently have
in place.
Managing cookies
It is possible to prevent
your web browser from accepting cookies from our website, and
details of how to change your local settings can be found on the website of the Information Commissioner's
Office. However, please be advised that where you choose to
prevent cookies, it is possible that core features of our website
will not work and you may experience limited functionality from the
website.
You can control what
information your social media accounts gather about you from
external websites by visiting your social media account
settings.
To find out more about
cookies, including details of cookies and how to manage and delete
them, please visit the website of the Information Commissioner's
Office.
When
you make a purchase through our Fledglings Shop
When you purchase items from Fledglings, as part of the shopping
process we will collect personal information from you. This
information allows us to process the order and inform you of any
product changes, order delays or other issues as they arise.
When you provide us with your personal details as part of the
order transaction, we will assume that you consent to us using and
collecting this information in order to complete your purchase (and
for this reason only).
If you are requesting a referral for made to measure products or
specialised items we will request your permission to pass on your
contact details on to the supplier or service if appropriate.
Please note: information may be disclosed by Fledglings if we
are legally obliged to do so.
Our Fledglings' online shop is hosted by Shopify Inc who enable
us to provide product solutions to you via our e-commerce platform.
Your data is therefore stored on Shopify's data storage system and
Shopify application via a secure server and firewall.
Shopify Terms of Service
Shopify Privacy Statement
Social media platforms
We use third party providers, such as Hootsuite and TweetDeck,
to monitor and manage our social media interactions. These services
are governed by the privacy policies of these platforms. For more
information, view the Hootsuite privacy policy and
the Twitter privacy policy.
If you post on Contact's social media pages and online
community, mention Contact on social media platforms or send us a
private or direct message via social media, we will assume you give
permission for us to respond. Messages posted on our social media
pages are available publicly and we can't take responsibility for
those messages, which are subject to the privacy policies of the
application provider and the specific privacy account settings of
the user.
We may use messages posted on Contact's social media pages to
better understand our audiences, supporters and their concerns. As
part of this, we may scrape, anonymise and aggregate information
that users post on our social media pages and community pages. This
information may then be published as a study or shared with
partners. This will only be done in line with the privacy policies
and terms and conditions of those platforms. If we seek to use
attributable quotes from people using our social media channels, we
will always seek their permission first.
When it is
publicly available and wealth screening
We use data you provide for the purpose of managing our
fundraising efficiently and effectively so that we can raise more
to spend on families with disabled children.
We may gather information about you from publicly available
sources to help us to understand more about you as an individual
and your ability to support Contact. Occasionally we may contract a
trusted third-party supplier to carry out a wealth screen to help
us gain a better understanding of current and/or potential new
supporters.
This data is gathered entirely from publicly accessible and
robust sources such as:
Public Registers: Companies House, the Electoral Commission
(Political Donations), the Electoral Roll (Open Register), the FCA
(Financial Services Register), the Law Society, the Land
Registry.
Trade & Industry References, Professional directories,
Charity Commission.
UK Reference Volumes: Who's Who, Debrett's People of Today,
Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage, City of London Livery Company
information, Trustfunding.org.uk.
Reliable print and broadcast media: newspapers (The Telegraph,
The Times and Sunday Times, City AM), magazines, rich lists.
Internet: general google searches, company websites,
online-only articles, social media, justgiving.com,
linkedin.com.
This research helps us understand more about you as an
individual so we can focus conversations we have with you about
fundraising and volunteering in the most effective way and ensure
that we provide you with an experience as a donor or potential
donor that is appropriate for you.
You have the right to opt out of this processing at any time
should you wish to. Please call 020 7608 8700 or email dp@contact.org.uk
2. How we use the
information collected
We use your personal information to:
Provide you with the services, products or information you
asked for.
Administer and acknowledge your donation or support your
fundraising, including processing gift aid.
Keep a record of your contact and relationship with us.
Keep you informed about our work.
Understand more about our current supporters and identify or
seek support from new potential supporters.
Ensure we know how you prefer to be contacted.
Understand how we can improve our services, products or
information. For example, data on the services you access will be
used anonymously and in aggregation with other user data to report
back to our funders about the number of people reached and services
delivered and to carry out research.
We may contact you about our services and the work that we do
either because you have said you would like to hear from us or
because we believe we have a legitimate interest in doing so.
We are committed to only contacting you about things that you
would  expect us to contact you about. This can include our
work, activities, campaigns and how to support us. We include
information on how to opt-out in all direct marketing that you
receive.
Information about the services you have accessed, including
advice you have received from us, may be kept as a record of your
contact with us where it is in our legitimate interest to do so,
for instance to provide you with a better service if you get in
touch again. This may include information you have given us in the
course of receiving advice, such as about your child's age and
disability.
We may combine information you provide to us with information
available from publicly-available sources, for example listed
Directorships or typical earnings in a given area. We may also use
publicly-available information to find new potential supporters and
invite them to be involved in supporting our cause through tailored
communications that may be of interest to them. This is so that in
some certain cases we can build a profile, better understand you
and target our communications with the most relevant information.
For example, we may wish to send you invitations to attend special
events or to discuss specific fundraising projects. Where we use
such profiles it enables us to cost-effectively and efficiently
raise funds to support our work. We also use publicly-available
sources to carry out due diligence on donors in line with our Gift
Acceptance Policy and meet money laundering regulations.
Developing a better understanding of our supporters through your
personal data means we can make better decisions, fundraise more
efficiently and, ultimately, support families with disabled
children more effectively.
People receiving newsletters and other communications from us
Contact issues a range of materials for supporters and
subscribers for distribution, both electronically by email and in
hard copy by post, and we may also seek to promote our services by
phone and text message. We will only contact you with such material
by each channel if you have asked us to do so or where we believe
you would reasonably expect us to.
We might use personal information you have provided to us to
select which communications you receive, or to tailor our
communications to you. This may include:
Your contact details (e.g. formal titles or professional
details you share with us - and from which we may derive gender;
email address information; post code, etc).
Details about the generous donations you may have made to us in
the past (e.g. gift amount, type of gift, banking and transaction
information, etc).
Any connection to Contact you may have shared with us if you
have given us permission to use in this way.
Other preferences expressing interest in particular aspects of
our work and activities
We will always use this information with care and consideration.
If you'd like to change how we communicate with you, or would like
us to remove your details, please call 020 7608 8700 or
email dp@contact.org.uk
What
you'll receive when you opt into our latest news and updates
When we invite you to opt into our communications, we will offer
you a choice of communications channels (email; phone; SMS; post)
and ask you what you'd like to hear about. These options are
explained below.
a) News updates from Contact
We'll send you our regular e-newsletter What's New: a round-up
of news about Contact's projects, products and services
and the disability sector in general. If you've signed up to
news updates from a particular Contact office - for example "News
updates from Contact Cymru" - we'll send you that newsletter. You
are welcome to subscribe to both.
Our newsletters are intended to give you a look at all aspects
of our work, including on occasion our fundraising and campaigning
activities. However, we will never send you direct appeals or
emails specifically dedicated to those topics unless you've
subscribed to our other updates (see below).
Alongside our regular newsletters, we will occasionally send you
other news updates that we think might be of interest to you.
b) News and offers from our Fledglings shop
We'll send you a dedicated newsletter with the latest offers
from our Fledglings shop, where you can find toys, clothing &
sensory products for disabled children.
c) Fundraising updates
We'll send you opportunities to take part in our fundraising
events, tips and suggestions for organising your own fundraising
activity, and appeals in which you can make a financial
contribution to our work if you'd like to.
d) Campaigning updates
We'll send you opportunities to contribute to our campaigning
work, including by signing petitions, contacting your MP or local
authority, or becoming a media case study to bring to life the
important issues we're fighting.
e) Updates about parent carer participation
We'll send you key information about our work supporting parent
carer forums, including updates about health, special education and
social care in England, news for local forums, Department for
Education grant information, forum success stories, the latest news
from the NNPCF and opportunities for forums to participate and
shape policy and legislation.
Communication by email
We may use email to give updates about or to ask for feedback on
our services, in respect of an entry for an event and to thank our
supporters. Our helpline will sometimes email people back with
additional information or to confirm a call-back appointment with a
parent adviser where you have agreed to a call-back appointment.
Similarly, if you are receiving support from one of our family
workers, they may email in relation to your appointment or with
additional information.
We may use email addresses and first name / last name details to
identify 'lookalike' audiences on social media channels to provide
information, services, or products that we feel may be of use or
interest to those audiences. This involves uploading these
supporter details to third-party social media organisations,
including Facebook and Twitter, from which they identify
'lookalike' cohorts. This upload is governed by terms and
conditions restricting the processing and use of the data and can
be viewed on Facebook Business and Twitter Business.
Communication by post
If you receive information by post from our helpline, we will
never use your address to send you information unless we have your
explicit consent to do so. We send magazines, publications, event
information and invitations and fundraising materials by post to
people who have asked to receive post from us. All such
communications include details on how to stop receiving these in
future by phoning, emailing or writing to us.
We very occasionally use third-party companies for large-scale
mailings who would be passed your contact details for this purpose
only, and these arrangements are governed by appropriate contracts
that protect your personal data. Before such mailings, we carry out
screening to avoid the distress caused to families receiving mail
intended for a deceased loved one. This is carried out by a
third-party supplier and is subject to a Data Processing
Agreement.
Communication by phone
We only phone people who have consented to hear from us by
phone, and this may be to give updates about or to ask for feedback
on our services, in respect of an entry for an event and to thank
our supporters. The helpline will sometimes phone people back with
additional information, or to confirm a call back appointment with
a parent adviser. All these appointments are by telephone and call
back appointments are only made with the agreement of the
individual. Similarly, if you are receiving support from one of our
family workers, they may telephone in relation to your appointment
or with additional information.
People donating money to Contact
If you donate money to Contact we will record your personal
details, which enable us to process your donation (for example if
made by credit card or direct debit) and to claim Gift Aid where
relevant. This may include some or all of your: name, address,
telephone number, email, amount of donation, reason for donation,
bank details, if you are a tax payer for Gift Aid purposes. We may
contact you using these details in respect of your donation (for
example to send an acknowledgement or receipt, to give notice of
direct debit collection).
People who order Contact resources
A range of advice and fundraising resources are available to
order and are detailed on our website. If you order any of these
resources we will collect information from you necessary for
fulfilment of that order including mailing to you, emailing to you
and phoning you. Fulfilment may be carried out on our behalf by
third-parties to whom we would pass your details for that purpose
only. Such arrangements are governed by appropriate contracts with
clauses included to protect your data. We will not use your details
for other purposes unless you have given separate permission for us
to do so.
3. Legal basis &
legitimate interests
When we collect and use your personal information, we will make
sure this is only done in accordance with at least one of the legal
grounds available to us under Data Protection law.
One of these is where we have obtained your specific consent to
use your information for a previously notified purpose, such as to
send you email/text marketing or to provide you with a product,
service or information at your request.
Another is where we have a legal obligation to use or disclose
information about you - for instance, where we are ordered by a
court or regulatory authority or we are legally required to hold
donor transaction details for Gift Aid or accounting/tax
purposes.
In certain instances, we may collect and use personal
information where this is necessary in our legitimate interest as a
charity. This includes being able to:
Send direct marketing material to supporters by post or
contacting them by telephone for fundraising purposes (subject to
checking against the Telephone Preference Service and any existing
marketing preferences)
Conduct research to better understand who our supporters are
and better target our services, campaigning and fundraising
activity
Monitor who we deal with to protect our charity against fraud,
money laundering and other risks
In all cases, we balance our legitimate interests against your
rights as an individual and make sure we only use personal
information in a way or for a purpose that you would reasonably
expect in accordance with this policy. We would also not intrude on
your privacy or previously expressed marketing preferences.
Where we process sensitive personal data we will make sure that
we only do so in accordance with one of the additional lawful
grounds for processing such as where we have your explicit consent
or you have made that information manifestly public. When we do
this, we will tell you what sensitive personal data we are
collecting and why.
4. Who we share your
information with
We will not sell your details to any third parties, but we may
sometimes share your information with people or organisations who
are authorised to act on Contact's behalf. For example, we may
share your information with people or organisations who:
Process payments on our behalf.
Administer activities on our behalf (for instance if we
subcontract a consultant or associate to deliver a service on our
behalf).
Supply us with technology to provide you with a service, and/or
to process your data safely and in accordance with your wishes (for
example database solutions; email marketing tools; our website's
chat functionality).
Provide research and insight services to support fundraising
(e.g. wealth screen service).
Update addresses to ensure any post we send goes to the correct
and up-to-date address.
In all of these instances, we remain the data controller. The
protection of your data will be covered by written agreements with
any person or organisation who acts on our behalf, ensuring that
they treat your data in a safe and legal way.
In addition we may exchange your personal information with other
organisations for the purposes of fraud and credit risk reduction.
In these circumstances we always require strict compliance from
these organisations and require that your personal information is
not used for their own business and marketing purposes.
There are a few exceptional situations where we may have
to breach confidentiality and pass on your details without
your consent.
Situations where we might need to break confidentiality:
A child is at risk of harm.
A vulnerable adult is at risk of harm.
You are at serious risk of immediate harm.
A terrorist threat has been made.
We have been ordered to share information with the courts.
A person poses a serious risk to others.
If a decision is made to break confidentiality, we will make
reasonable effort to keep your informed of what we intend to do. We
will only ever share your data in circumstances outside of this if
we have explicit and informed consent.
5. How we keep your data
safe
Contact is responsible for collecting your personal information.
We use rigorous procedures when we collect your personal
information in order to prevent unauthorised access.
Any donation payment details are encrypted and the forms you
complete on our site are transmitted through a secured connection
(known as SSL). However, no data transmission over the internet is
100% secure and although we try to protect your personal
information, Contact cannot guarantee the security of any
information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
We have appropriate technical controls in place to protect your
personal details. We ensure that your information is only
accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and
contractors with whom we have contracts that are compliant with
data protection regulations.
6. How you can access and update
your personal information
If you would like to update the information that we have on our
records, please email dp@contact.org.uk
You have a right to ask us to stop processing your personal
data, to restrict how we process your data or to delete your data,
and if it's not necessary for legal reasons or for the purpose you
provided it to us for (e.g. processing your donation or registering
you for an event) we will do so. Contact us on 020 7608 8700
or dp@contact.org.uk if you
have any concerns.
You have a right to request access to any information we hold
about you.
If you wish to access your information, please contact us at dp@contact.org.uk and we
will ask you to complete a subject access request form in order to
confirm your identity if necessary and to provide you with the data
you need.
If there are any discrepancies in the information we provide,
please let us know and we will correct them.
For further information, we recommend reading the Information
Commissioner's guidance.
If you have any concerns with the way your personal information
has been handled, you can contact the ICO.
7. Visitors to our website
Payment
If you are asked for, and provide, details of a credit, debit or
charge card; in that event, you must ensure that (a) you are fully
entitled to use that card, and (b) it has available funds
sufficient to cover the charges which are deducted from it. As part
of the payment process, you will receive a verification e-mail, the
purpose of which is to take reasonable steps to ensure that the
e-mail address you have nominated during payment is controlled by
you.
8. Online community
If you use the online community you must comply with these terms
and conditions.
Although you must read these terms and conditions in full, the
most important points to remember are:
You must be 18 or over to use the community.
You must comply with our
community guidelines. If you don't your post may be edited or
deleted or you may be suspended or banned.
We will only pass on your details without your
consent if you or someone else is at risk of serious
harm.
Please don't use the community for advertising, research or
fundraising.
The site is moderated within working hours, Monday to Friday.
We do not pre-approve posts and rely on community members to help
flag posts that breach the guidelines.
Membership to the online community
People who register for the community become 'members'. They
must be at least 18 years of age.
Members of this service may:
Post their details on the community
Receive emailed messages, which will be sent to the email
address you specified during registration or any subsequently
notified update
Opt to receive other notifications
Send messages and write posts to other community members
Registration
You undertake to register using accurate and current information
about yourself and your family.
Contact community role
Although we do our best to moderate the community, we are not
and cannot be responsible for the behaviour of members. You should
be aware that we do not pre-screen or monitor the material
contributed by members.
Operation of services
Contact reserves the right to withdraw or modify one or more
aspects of the community, or the entirety of it, where we have
legal or commercial reasons to do so. There may also be times when
the community becomes inaccessible as a result of technical
difficulties. We will, however, use reasonable skill and care to
overcome these difficulties where they are within our control. For
security or other reasons, we may require you to change password or
other information which facilitates access to the community.
Misuse of the community
Members must not post anything that is abusive, offensive,
discriminates against another family's ethnic background, culture,
religion, age, sex, sexuality, class, disability or political
beliefs.
We reserve the right:
To suspend or terminate any member's access to the community,
or parts of it, and/or
To edit, or require the member to edit, material posted on the
community, if the relevant member or material appears to us to be
in breach of any provision of this agreement or the community
guidelines
Any person whose access has been suspended or terminated must
not re-register for, or re-access, the community without our prior
consent. You are responsible for everything that is done on or
through the community while your membership account is logged on or
through your email addresses.
Relevance and prohibitions
The community is intended to be used by its members for the
purposes referred to above. Members must not:
Place material on, or otherwise use, the community for any
business or commercial purpose
Use your access to the community or information gathered from
it, for the sending of unsolicited bulk email (sometimes known as
spam)
You are responsible for ensuring that no material you post, or
which is posted through a machine on which you access the
community, nor any activity or communication you make in connection
with any Contact service, will be capable of
Infringing the intellectual property or other rights of any
person or entity
Breaching any applicable law, whether criminal, tortious or
otherwise
Appearing to be offensive, threatening, obscene, pornographic,
false, unreliable or misleading.
Alerting Contact
If you see anything on the community which appears to infringe
this agreement, then please contact us by emailing web.team@contact.org.uk
or contacting a moderator.
Withdrawal of material and termination of membership
Each member acknowledges that we are entitled to withdraw any
material on the community that appears to be capable of breaching
any part of this agreement, or to bring the community into
disrepute.
However, each user acknowledges that we do not pre approve
material which appears on the community and that we are reliant
upon you and all users to notify us of anything you see here which
appears likely to breach this agreement.
Online community disclaimer and release
We have no control over or responsibility for the truth or
accuracy of any material available on the community, whether
provided by members or others. If any third party sites are linked
to from the community, this does not mean that we endorse or have
any responsibility for the site in question or anything that
appears on it.
You should exercise no lesser degree of caution in appraising
what you see on the community than you do off-line.
Even though members are prohibited from doing so, people may
provide information, or otherwise behave, in a way that is
unreliable, misleading or even illegal. Further, you should note
that people may not necessarily be who they say they are.
Your use of the community is entirely at your own risk.
Accordingly, to the extent that the law permits, you release
Contact, its directors, contractors and employees from all
liability arising out of or in connection with the community and
the material included here by members and other third parties.
Fees
This service is currently provided free of charge. However, we
may add new or ancillary services from time to time that require
the payment of fees - either to us or a nominated third party - on
terms that will be provided to you at the time.
Intellectual property
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks, and other
intellectual property rights in and relating to the community
(including the material which is contributed by members) are owned
by Contact.
No one may copy, distribute, show in public or create any
derivative work from the community, or any of the material which is
found on the community unless properly licensed to do so by us.
By submitting any material to the content to the community
you:
Are representing that you are fully entitled to do so
Grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-terminable licence
right to copy, modify, distribute, show in public and create
derivative works from that material in any form, anywhere, and
Authorise us to adapt the relevant material in the course of
doing so, and so waive your moral rights to object to any
derogatory treatment, or to be identified as the author, of the
material in question
9. How long we keep data
afor
We keep your personal information only for as long as
required to operate the service in accordance with legal
requirements and tax and accounting rules. Where your information
is no longer required, we will ensure it is disposed of in a secure
manner.
10. How we handle children's
data
We never use children's data for marketing purposes. None of our
services or the support we offer to parents is reliant on
children's data being shared with us. We use the data to ensure
that we give the best possible support to the parent.  We also
use data on children for our own research purposes and to ensure
that the services we offer are as effective as they can be in
supporting parents.
11. Changes to the policy
We review this policy annually and may update it from time to
time. If we make any significant changes in the way we treat your
personal information we will make this clear on our website or by
contacting you directly.
If you have any queries about this Privacy policy,
please contact us on dp@contact.org.uk
twitterfacebook