http://cosmeticare.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Face
Rhinoplasty
Eyelid Surgery (Blepharoplasty)
Facelift
Neck Lift
Brow and Forehead Lift
Facial Liposuction
Fat Transfer
Chin and Cheek Implant
Ear Surgery
Breasts
Breast Augmentation
Breast Lift
Breast Reduction
Breast Reconstruction
Body
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Mommy Makeover
Brachioplasty (Upper Arm Lift)
Thigh Lift
Total Body Lift
Brazilian Butt Lift
Buttocks Enlargement (Implants)
Buttocks Lift
Labiaplasty
Fat Transfer
Liposuction for Men
Non-Surgical
CoolSculpting
BOTOX® Cosmetic
Kybella
Juvederm
HydraFacial Platinum
V-Beam Laser
Bellafill
Cosmelan Peel
VI Peel
Microneedling
FaceTite
BodyTite
O-Shot
Men
Nose Surgery (Rhinoplasty)
Eyelid Surgery (Blepharoplasty)
Ear Surgery (Otoplasty)
Facelift
Chin and Cheek Implant
Fat Transfer
Necklift
Liposuction
Gynecomastia
Fat Transfer
Total Body Lift
Before and After
Breast Gallery
Breast Augmentation
Breast Lift (Mastopexy)
Breast Reconstruction
Breast Reduction
Body Gallery
Abdominoplasty (Tummy Tuck)
Brachioplasty (Upper Arm Lift)
Brazilian Butt Lift
Buttocks Enlargment (Implants)
Calf Implants
Gynecomastia
Liposuction
Face Gallery
Brow and Forehead Lift
Chin and Cheek Implant
Ear Surgery
Eyelid Surgery
Facelift
Facial Liposuction
Fat Injections
Mid Facelift
Neck Lift
Non-Surgical Gallery
Botox
CoolSculpting
Dermal Fillers
IPL
Kybella
Laser Skin Rejuvenation
Laser Skin Tightening
Micro-needling
About Us
Doctors
Medspa Team
Media Coverage
Giving Back
Resources
Treatment Simulator
Patient Forms
Financing
Rewards Program
Out of Town Patients
Shop Now
MedSpa
Surgical
Blog
Contact
949-718-6900
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which CosmetiCare collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.cosmeticare.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by CosmetiCare.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, request a consultation, contact us via our contact form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Modifying or Deleting Identification Information
If you wish to modify or delete identification information from CosmetiCare’s database, you may do so by sending a request via the contact form at https://www.cosmeticare.com/contact-us, or by calling 949.273.2663.
Web Browser Cookies
As you browse www.cosmeticare.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partners then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with www.cosmeticare.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising or visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ to install a tool that instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript not to send any information about the website visit to Google Analytics
How We Use Collected Information
CosmetiCare collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails: The email address Users provide may be used, with their permission, to send periodic emails regarding services, products and special offers. The email address may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. Users may opt out of receiving email communication by requesting to opt out at the bottom of an email, by sending a separate email to CosmetiCare via the contact form at www.cosmeticare.com/contact-cosmeticare/, or by calling 949.273.2663.
To send periodic SMS messages: The phone number Users provide may be used, with their permission, to send SMS messages regarding services, appointment reminders, products and special offers. The phone number may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. Users may opt out of receiving SMS communication by replying to any SMS message with the response of STOP, by sending an email to CosmetiCare via the contact form at www.cosmeticare.com/contact-cosmeticare/, or by calling 949.273.2663.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third Party Websites
Users may find links or other content on our Site that connect to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
CosmetiCare has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Health Care Disclosure Notification
Effective April 14th, 2003, the Federal Health Privacy Rule must be implemented and we must inform our patients of their rights under this law. While we have always made every effort to keep all your information confidential, we are now required to inform you of those persons or entities who may have access to your personal and health care information.
Employees of CosmetiCare and South Coast Outpatient Surgery Center (limited by job classification)
Physicians associated with your treatment or surgical procedure
Outside physicians or pathologists who would examine tissue removed
Anesthesiologists associated with the Surgery Center
Any physician or hospital to whom you are referred by our staff physicians
Any independent contractor working with CosmetiCare, i.e. consultants and aestheticians
Any independent contractor working with South Coast Outpatient Surgery Center, i.e., registered and licensed vocational nurses and technologists
Your health insurance provider
Designated family members or friends (post surgical)
Accrediting agencies
Medical staff committees for the purpose of quality assessment and peer review
Licensing agencies in response to inquiries
Issuance of a subpoena and upon verification of authorization
Research – patients who are participating in a clinical study
Patient’s Rights
ALL PATIENTS WILL BE REQUESTED TO SIGN A CONSENT FORM ACKNOWLEDGING OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES PRIOR TO TREATMENT. Patients have the right not to sign this consent form. However, this would necessitate the physician to refuse treatment. A patient has the right to revoke the consent after receiving treatment and to request restrictions and request confidential communication.
A patient has the right to request a copy of his or her health information upon written request. The copy will be completed within 15 days of receiving request at a cost to the patient of $ 0.25 per page.
A patient has the right to examine and review his or her health information upon written request. This request will be honored within five (5) working days. A patient has the right to request an amendment to his or her health information and, if accepted, this will become a part of the complete medical record. Information and procedure to be followed can be received by contacting the Practice Administrator.
Patients who feel their privacy with regards to personal or health care information has been compromised may contact:
The Practice Administrator
The Department of Health and Human Services
The Federal Office of Civil Rights
This document was last updated on July 13, 2018.
Free Consultation *
Call to schedule your consultation or fill out the form below.
949-718-6900
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
Desired Treatment
Face
Breast
Body
Non-Surgical
Preferred Appointment Date
Date Format: MM slash DD slash YYYY
Surgery Interest Timeline*Please select...Now3-6 Months6-9 Months1 YearN/APreferred Contact Method*Please select...Phone CallText MessageEmailPreferred Contact Time*Please select...MorningAfternoonMessage
Receive Specials & Promos
By submitting this form, I agree to authorize contact by CosmetiCare to discuss their services with me at the telephone number provided. *Consultation fees are applicable for new Dr. Niccole patients ($150) and Bio Identical Hormone Therapy ($285).NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Free Consultation
949 386 2773