https://cpcanchorage.com/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Who we are
Our website address is: https://cpcanchorage.com.
Legal disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by the Community Pregnancy Center staff. While we endeavor to keep all information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability, or availability with respect to this website or the information, products, services, or graphics available on the website. It is your choice to use or rely upon this information, and it is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
This website offers links to other websites which are not under the control of Community Pregnancy Center. We have no control over the nature, content, or availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Community Pregnancy Center takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
About the Information We Collect
The data and information we collect through our website is used only to help Community Pregnancy Center achieve its mission. It is our policy to only collect and store personal information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide – whether you are a client, donor, or other stakeholder.
Contact forms
If while visiting our website you fill out a form–whether to order a product, register for an event, donate, submit a technical assistance question, or request other information, you will be asked to provide certain information. In all cases, this information is submitted voluntarily. In most cases, we will ask that you provide information such as your name, date of birth, address, phone number, and email address. If you are making a purchase or donation, you may be asked for credit card information in order to complete your purchase. Community Pregnancy Center will follow any federal or state guidelines regarding the protection of your personal information.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We do not collect personal information from casual users browsing our website. When you use the public areas of our website you are doing so anonymously. We do collect aggregate use information, such as the number of hits (visits) per page. We use aggregate data for internal and marketing purposes, but we don’t collect any personally identifying information.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Quick LinksPregnancy Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Make an Appointment
Looking for supporter site?
Contact Us Phone:
907-337-9292
Fax:
907-337-9262
Email:
info@cpcanchorage.com
Address:
4231 Lake Otis Pkwy,
Anchorage, AK 99508
Mission Community Pregnancy Center is a Christ-centered organization created to offer support, practical care, and accurate information to women and men facing unplanned pregnancies. By offering free pregnancy tests, ultrasounds, STD testing, post-abortion care, and parenting classes, we hope to see parents empowered to choose abundant life for their families.
Community Pregnancy Center is not an abortion clinic and does not refer, facilitate, or provide abortions.
Search
cxdfuvazvyawwdebrtbzrcebvbs
© 2020 Community Pregnancy Center.
All Rights Reserved.
Home
Options+
Abortion
Adoption
Parenting
Pregnancy Services+
Pregnancy Testing
Ultrasound
STDs
In School
Other Services+
Momhood & Dadhood
Community Resources
Guys
PACE
Make an Appointment
Contact Us