https://csnn.ca/about/privacy-policy/
Monthly Bulletin
Branch Events
Graduate LoginAbout
Why CSNN
CSNN Mission
What is Natural Nutrition?
Holistic Nutrition Industry
Testimonials
Alumni Profiles
Alumni Association
Certifications & Industry Affiliations
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Graduate e-Newsletter
Programs
Natural Nutrition Program
Course Descriptions
Practicals
Case Studies
Study Formats
Titles and Designations
Tuition and Registration
Scholarships
International Students
Program FAQ
Advanced Holistic Nutrition
Certificate Packages
Workshops
Schedules
Practitioner Code of Ethics
AHN FAQ
Holistic Culinary Certificate
Workshops
Schedules
Culinary FAQ
Interest Workshops
Introduction Certificate
Healthy Eating & Lifestyle Certificate
Continuing Education
Careers
Career Opportunities
Role of a CSNN Graduate
Scope of Practice & Code of Ethics
Employers
Why Hire a CSNN Graduate
Job Submission Form
Publications
Books by CSNN Graduates
Holistic Nutrition Articles
CSNN Videos
Holistic Highlights
Monthly Bulletin
Celebrate Holistic Nutrition
Mental Wellness
Cardiovascular Health
Holistic Kitchen
Digestive Health
Mind Body Spirit
Celebrate Summer
Raising Healthy Children
Food Sustainability
Women’s Health
Proactive Health
Healthy Holidays
Branch Events
Industry Events
Classrooms & Online
AB
Calgary
Edmonton
BC
Vancouver
Vancouver Island
NB
Moncton
ON
London
Metro Toronto
Mississauga
Richmond Hill
Ottawa
Online
Distance Education
Brochure
Graduate Login
Monthly Bulletin
Branch Events
Graduate Login
Privacy Policy
CSNN National Page > About CSNN > Privacy Policy Canadian School of Natural NutritionPrivacy PolicyAs a student your name, address, and phone number are kept on file to serve as identification and contact information.  Your birth date is documented for admission requirement purposes (in some provinces a copy of proof of identification is kept on file).  Your student number is kept on file as a reference.  Your information is used to process invoices and receipts. SIN numbers are collected and safely stored for purpose of T2202 tuition tax receipts. Documentation pertaining to advanced standing is also kept on file.  Grades are kept on file indefinitely, in hard copy and electronic format.
These files are confidential and are available only to CSNN Branch Managers, CSNN administrative staff, the Directors, the Registrar, and the student.  Students wishing to view their file may do so under supervision.  This must be prearranged with the Branch Manager.  The law prohibits CSNN Instructors, Managers or administrative staff from disclosing grades, exams, attendance or any information to anyone except the student without their permission.  Grades will not be disclosed on the telephone or by email.  Information may be transferred when a student transfers to another CSNN branch.
When you graduate your student number, contact information, and graduation details are put on a database so that CSNN can mail you your transcript, and  keep you on the official graduates’ list.  Your information remains on the database, as per ministry regulations.   This information may be shared with the CSNN Alumni Association for purposes of the designation registry, with the respective provincial ministries, and with the Disciplinary Committee.  If as a graduate disciplinary action is taken against you because of a code of ethics or scope of practice violation, and legal counsel advises that you are a risk to the public, your name will be shared with the public in order to protect them.  Your graduate information may also be shared with insurance companies that want to confirm your status before they reimburse receipts from your clients.
At times CSNN may conduct surveys.  The purpose of these surveys is to better serve the needs of students, and to maintain the quality of the curriculum and the administration of the school.  These surveys are kept on file for future reference.
There are rare instances where CSNN may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent as required and permitted by law, for example 1) to collect a debt owed to us; 2) to meet government tax reporting requirements; and 3) to comply with an order made by a court.
CSNN takes precautions to protect your personal information against unauthorized access.  However, should you have any concerns regarding the collection or use of your personal information, please contact CSNN’s Privacy Officer, Rose O’Leary at (905) 737-8729 or 1-800-569-9938.
CSNN’s website may have links to other Internet sites owned and operated by third parties.  Even though CSNN tries to link to sites that share our high respect for privacy, CSNN is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of other organizations. We suggest you review the privacy policies of other organizations before providing any personal information. CSNN has the right to periodically update this Privacy policy.