https://ctna.org/privacy-policy/
Connecticut Region of Narcotics Anonymous
Search for:
Home
Find a Meeting
Calendar
Regional Service Committee
Hospitals & Institutions
Public Relations
WSR
CT Convention
Areas
Central Connecticut Area (CCA)
Greater Danbury Area (GDA)
Greater Hartford Area (GHA)
Greater New Haven Area (GNHA)
Greater Waterbury Area (GWA)
Mid-State Unity Area (MSUA)
Southern Fairfield County Area (SFCA)
Tunxis Valley Area (TVA)
United Shoreline Area (USA)
Getting Involved
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Twelfth Tradition states, “Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our traditions, ever reminding us to place principles before personalities.”Cookies: We believe in supporting the spirit of our tradition of personal anonymity on the Internet by stating clearly that we do not employ any technical means to track or identify any visitor to this website. For further information on “cookies”, consult your Internet browser’s help utility or other Internet resource.Communications: Any communication submitted to ctna.org will be treated with confidentiality and anonymity in mind. We will delete all communications received on a regular basis. We do not guarantee total anonymity in all circumstances. We suggest that the senders of e-mail or feedback forms take their own precautions if they desire to remain anonymous.All communications are considered to be official NA business and require some level of identification for the purposes of responding to those communications. All efforts will be made to pass on communications in a timely manner to a responsible trusted servant.There are alternative methods for communicating with service committees within the CTRSC. These alternatives are listed on our services page. Please utilize this information if it is necessary to fulfill your needs.Personal Requests: Under no circumstances will we forward e-mail of a personal nature to any NA member here in the CTRSC. This is an official website of the CTRSC and we do not acknowledge anyone’s membership in Narcotics Anonymous. Thank you for respecting this policy.Policy Changes: The policy outlined here will evolve in the future as the guidelines and policies for our website are changed at the direction of the CTRSC Your comments are welcome on this topic so please use our feedback form.
Search for:
Latest NewsOctober CT RSC Zoom Meeting
CTNA Notices & Cancellations (Updated 9/27/2020)
RSC Open Positions
NAWS – July 25th Web Meeting about NA in the time of Coronavirus
Checklist For Reopening Meetings
Upcoming Events
Dec
25
Fri
9:00 am
TVA Christmas Marathon Meetings
TVA Christmas Marathon Meetings
Dec 25 @ 9:00 am – 9:00 pm
TVA Activities Christmas Marathon Meeting Friday December 25, 2020 South church – Arch St entrance 90 Main ST. New Britain …
Jan
22
Fri
all-day
Dopes on Slopes
Dopes on Slopes
Jan 22 – Jan 24 all-day
www.Dopesonslopes.com Ski Snowboard Event See website for more information.
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Connecticut Regional Phone Line1-800-627-3543