https://davisphinneyfoundation.org/policies/privacy/
Privacy Policy – Davis Phinney Foundation
Text Size: MLX
1-866-358-0285contact@dpf.org
Search
Primary Menu Events
Resources
Connect
Research
Support
Fundraise
Donate
Privacy Policy
DAVIS PHINNEY FOUNDATION WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective [2/22/2019]
The Davis Phinney Foundation (the “Foundation”) takes your privacy seriously, and we are committed to safeguarding, preserving and respecting the privacy rights of our visitors and supporters. This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) explains how we collect personal information about you when you visit our website, https://www.davisphinneyfoundation.org/(the “Website”), how we use and share that information and the rights you have to control our use and sharing of it.
You should read this Notice carefully. We recommend printing and retaining a copy for your future reference. By accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Website, you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed with this Notice.
This Notice applies regardless of how the Website is accessed and will cover any technologies or devices by which the Foundation makes the Website available to you.
If you have any questions or concerns about the Foundation’s personal information policies or practices, you can contact us in the methods described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
What is the Davis Phinney Foundation?
The Foundation provides essential information, practical tools, and inspiration to people living with Parkinson’s. It funds early-phase, innovative research that focuses on exercise, speech, movement, and other factors that affect quality of life. The Foundation’s offices are located at 357 South McCaslin Blvd, Suite 105, Louisville, CO 80027.
What Personal Information We Collect
The Foundation collects personal information to provide services, to research and create new content, and to fulfill legal and contractual obligations. You voluntarily provide personal information directly to us, such as when you complete a form or submit a donation. We also collect personal information when you interact with the Website, for example, through our use of Cookies. We also may collect personal information from third parties.
Information You Provide
We collect the following information that you voluntarily provide to us:
Filling in Forms on our Website.If you request to receive resources, subscribe to our mailing list, request to host a fundraiser, or register for an event, we will ask you to provide information such as your name, email address, and/or mailing address. If you share your story with us using our “Stories from Team DPF” or “Moments of Victory” feature, you will be asked to provide personal information such as your name, location, email address, and pictures. You also will be asked to answer questions about your story, which may result in you providing personal information.
If you make a donation to the Foundation, we will require you to provide your name, billing address, email address, and credit card transaction information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date). You may, but are not required to, provide your phone number, company name, and other information regarding your donation. Donations are processed by third-party payment processors, including Blackbaud Merchant Services and Square. Please refer to the third parties’ privacy policies for more information about how they process and store payment information.
If you send us email, we will collect your email address and any information that you provide in the email.
Social Media. If you interact with our Website by sharing on a social media platform, we may collect the information that you post. Please note that your comments will be visible to the public, so you should never share personal information that you would like to keep private.
If you subscribe to our blog, we will require you to provide your name and email address. If you share a blog post on a social media platform, we may collect the information that you post. If you post a comment to the blog, we may collect that information as well as your name, email address, and website. Please note that your comments will be visible to the public, so you should never share personal information that you would like to keep private.
Applying for a Job. If you apply for a job through the Website, we will collect personal information relating to your application.
Information Provided by Third Parties
We may receive certain personal information about you from third parties. For example, a third party may register you for an event or sign you up to receive our mailings. If you submit any personal information about another individual to us, you are responsible for making sure that you have the authority to do so and allow us to use their personal information in accordance with this Notice.
Information as You Navigate Our Website
We automatically collect certain personal information through your use of the Website, such as the following:
Usage Information. We collect information automatically through your use of the Website, such as which of the pages on the Website you access, the frequency of access, and what you click on while on our Website.
Device Information.We collect information about the device you are using, such as hardware model, operating system, application version number, and browser.
Mobile Device Information. In addition to the Device Information listed above, when you access our Website via a browser on your mobile device, we collect aggregated information about whether you are accessing the Website via a mobile device or tablet, device type, and carrier.
Location Information. We collect location information from Website visitors on a city-regional basis.
How Do We Use “Cookies” and Other Tracking Technologies?
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files created by websites, including our Website, that reside on your computer’s hard drive and that store information about your use of a particular website. When you access our Website, we use Cookies and other tracking technology (such as web beacons and pixel tags) to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual needs;
Contact you to provide you with information or services that you request from us;
Advertise new content, events, and services that relate to your interests;
Provide you with more personalized content that is most relevant to your interest areas; and
Recognize when you return to our Website
We set some Cookies ourselves and others are set by third parties. You can manage your Cookies preference as described in the “Managing Your Cookies” section below.
What Types of Cookies Do We Use and Why?
These are the different types of Cookies that we and our service providers use on the Website:
Essential Cookies.These Cookies are required for the operation of the Website and enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Disabling these Cookies can negatively impact the Website’s performance.
Analytics, Performance and Research Cookies.These Cookies allow us to analyze activities on the Website. They can be used to improve the functioning of the Website. For example, these Cookies recognize and count the number of visitors and see how they move around the Website. Analytics Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns to help us improve them and to optimize the Website’s content for those who engage with our advertising.
Functionality Cookies. These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the Website. This enables us to personalize content for you and remember your preferences.
Social networking cookies. These Cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Website through third-party social networking and other websites. These Cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
How Long Do Cookies Stay on My Device?
Some Cookies operate from the time you visit the Website until the end of that particular browsing session. These Cookies, which are called “session cookies,” expire and are automatically deleted when you close your Internet browser.
Some Cookies will stay on your device between browsing sessions and will not expire or automatically delete when you close your Internet browser. These Cookies are called “persistent cookies” and the length of time they will remain on your device will vary from Cookie to Cookie. Persistent Cookies are used for a number of purposes, such as storing your preferences so that they are available for your next visit and to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit the Website, how your use of the Website may change over time, and the effectiveness of advertising efforts.
Managing Your Cookies
Cookies can be blocked by changing your Internet browser settings to refuse all or some Cookies. If you choose to block all Cookies (including essential Cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Website.
You can find out more about Cookies and how to manage them by visiting www.AboutCookies.org.
You can understand which third parties have currently enabled Cookies for your browser or mobile device and how to opt-out of some of those Cookies by accessing the Network Advertising Initiative’s websiteor the Digital Advertising Alliance’s websiteor, if you are located in the European Union, at the Your Online Choices website. For more information on mobile specific opt-out choices, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Mobile Choices website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses Cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with the Website, compile reports on the Website’s activity, and provide other services related to Website activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as time of visit, whether you are a returning visitor, and any referring website. The technologies used by Google Analytics do not gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt-out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here.
We also use Google Remarketing features to collect data about visitors to our Website to, among other things, deliver advertising content on sites across the Internet in a manner that is specifically directed toward the interests expressed by the visitors while on our Website. Google uses Cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Website. You can opt-out of Google’s use of Cookies to serve ads based on your past visits to the Website via the following link: Google Ad Settings.
AddThis
The “Share” function on the Website is provided by a third party, AddThis. AddThis uses Cookies and collects information on visitors who use this function to share Foundation content on their Twitter feeds or other social media or social networking sites. As noted in their privacy policy, AddThis uses this information for its own business purposes, including marketing the information to other parties. To opt-out of data collection from AddThis, please visit AddThis’ Privacy Policy pageand follow the instructions to “Opt Out.”
Does the Website Respond to “Do Not Track” Signals?
There is currently no industry agreed-upon response to a Do Not Track signal. At this time, our Website does not respond differently based on a user’s Do Not Track signal.
How We Use the Personal Information
We use personal information we collect about you or that you provide to us in the following ways:
To present our Website and its contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and your device;
To contact you to provide you with information or services that you request from us;
To advertise services that we think may be of interest to you;
To invite you to attend our events;
To provide customer support, troubleshoot issues, manage accounts, and respond to requests, questions, or comments;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and
To notify you about any additions, upgrades, or changes in our services
Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information
If you are in a country in the European Union, you are entitled to an explanation of the legal bases we rely on to process your personal information. The legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, which is discussed below.
Consent
We may process your personal information based on your consent such as when you make a donation or ask us to send you certain kinds of marketing communications. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Our Legitimate Interests
We may process your personal information if doing so is necessary for our legitimate interests and your rights as an individual do not override those legitimate interests. For example, when we process your personal information to carry out fraud prevention activities and activities to increase network and information security, identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns, expand our business activities and improve our services and the content and functionality of our Website.
To Perform a Contract
We may process your personal information to administer and fulfill contractual obligations to you.
To Enable Us to Comply With a Legal Obligation
We may process your personal information to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. This may include any requirement to produce audited accounts, any legal obligation to share information with law enforcement agencies, public or governmental authorities, and to comply with legal process.
Necessary for the Exercise or Defense of Legal Claims
If you bring a claim against us or we bring a claim against you, we may process your personal information in relation to that claim.
The Foundation is the Data Controller of all personal information collected from residents of the European Union. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information for any specific processing activity, please contact us using the “How to Contact Us” section below.
How We Share the Personal Information We Collect
The Foundation may share your personal information:
With third parties who perform data services on our behalf (e.g., hosting, maintenance, backup, analysis, etc.). Any such third parties will be under an obligation to us to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information;
To third-party service providers to prepare, deploy and analyze advertising content;
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
To establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention;
To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information;
To any third parties as part of any business or asset sale; and
To any other person or entity where you consent to the disclosure
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose personal information obtained through our Website to any non-affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes.
Your Personal Information and Your Rights – Excluding Europe
The Foundation respects your rights in how your personal information is used and shared. You may request to review and make changes to your personal information and make choices about the kinds of marketing materials you receive (or choose not to receive marketing materials from the Foundation at all) by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Your Personal Information and Your Rights – Europe Only
If you are an individual in a country in the European Union, you have the right to make requests to:
Access the personal information we keep about you;
Rectify inaccurate personal information;
Place restrictions on our use of your personal information;
Object to our use of your personal information;
Ask us to delete the personal information about you we hold;
Have your personal information transferred to you or another party of your choosing; and
Make a complaint to the relevant supervising authority
We describe these rights more fully below.
Asking us to access your personal information
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not we are processing personal information about you and, if so, the right to be provided with the information contained in this Notice. You also have the right to receive a copy of the personal information undergoing processing.
Asking us to rectify your personal information
You have the right to ask us to rectify any inaccurate personal information about you and to have incomplete personal data completed.
Asking us to restrict our use of your personal information
You have the right to ask us to place a restriction on our use of your personal information if one of the following applies to you:
You contest the accuracy of the information that we hold about you, while we verify its accuracy;
We have used your information unlawfully, but you request us to restrict its use instead of erasing it;
We no longer need the information for the purpose for which we collected it, but you need it to deal with a legal claim; or
You have objected to us using your information, while we check whether our legitimate grounds override your right to object.
Objecting to our use of your personal information
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information where our reason for using it is based on our legitimate interests or your consent (rather than when the reason for using it is to perform an obligation due to you under a contract with us).
Asking us to delete your personal information
You can ask us to delete your personal information if:
We no longer need it for the purposes for which we collected it;
We have been using it with no valid legal basis;
We are obligated to erase it to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
We need your consent to use the information and you withdraw consent;
You object to us processing your personal information where our legal basis for doing so is our legitimate interests and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
However, this right is not absolute. Even if you make a request for deletion, we may need to retain certain information for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping, maintenance of opt-out requirements, defending or making legal claims, or detecting fraudulent activities. We will retain information in accordance with the “How Long Is Your Personal Information Kept” section below.
If you do exercise a valid right to have your personal information deleted, please keep in mind that deletion by third parties to whom the information has been provided might not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period (but will not be available to others).
The right to transfer your personal information to another service provider
You may request that we transfer some of the personal information you have provided to you or another service provider in electronic copy. This applies to personal information we are processing to service a contract with you and to personal information we are processing based on your consent.
Making a complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding our processing of your personal information, please contact us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below and we will do our best to answer any question and resolve any complaint to your satisfaction.
If, for whatever reason, you feel we do not meet the standards you expect of us, you are also entitled to make a complaint to your local supervisory authority:
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
Advertising and Marketing Choice
Depending on your location (and reflecting applicable law), you may have been asked to indicate your preferences, provide us with your consent regarding the receipt of such information from us, and indicate how you would like to receive it.
Wherever you are located, we will send you marketing communications based on any preferences you may have expressed.
We only want to send you information in which you are interested. If you do not want to receive these communications or would like to understand more about other unsubscribe options, please contact us as set out in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
For email communications, you can opt-out and/or manage your preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of any email you receive from us. If we call you with information you do not want to receive, you can advise us of this during the telephone call.
How Long Is Your Personal Information Kept
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect it and as set out in this Notice and for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements that apply to us.
Third-Party Links
The Website contains links to third-party websites. When the Foundation provides links, it does so only as a convenience and does not endorse any products or services and is not responsible for any content of any third-party website or any links contained within. It is important to note that this Notice only applies to https://www.davisphinneyfoundation.org/. We are not responsible and assume no responsibility for any personal information collected, stored, or used by any third party as a result of you visiting their website. We also advise that you read the privacy notice of any third-party websites you choose to visit carefully.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take various reasonable organizational and technical measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. If required by law to do so, we will notify you and/or the relevant supervisory authority in the event of a data breach.
However, we cannot and do not guarantee complete security, as it does not exist on the Internet.
Children’s Privacy
The Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification or parental consent, we will immediately delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the information provided in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
How to Contact Us
The Foundation’s offices are located at 357 South McCaslin Blvd, Suite 105, Louisville, CO 80027. You can contact the Foundation with any questions or concerns by emailing us at contact@dpf.org or calling 303.733.330.
Changes to This Notice
We may add to, delete, or change the terms of this Notice from time to time by posting a notice of the change or an amended Notice on the Website. Your continued use of the Website is deemed to be acceptance of such changes.
Contact Us
[]
1
Step 1
Your NameFirst and Last
Your Emailemail
Your Phone(###) ###-####
Comments/QuestionsLet us know your inquiry or feedback, and we'll be in touch.0 /
We respect your privacy. The Davis Phinney Foundation will not sell, rent, or exchange your e-mail address.
Submit Form
keyboard_arrow_leftPrevious
Nextkeyboard_arrow_right
FormCraft - WordPress form builder
About
Share Your Story
Sidekicks™
Careers
Contact
FAQ
Policies
Contact Us
Davis Phinney Foundation
357 S McCaslin Blvd, Ste 105
Louisville, CO 80027
1-866-358-0285
contact@dpf.org
501(c)(3) Tax ID: 20-0813566
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Privacy policyAcceptDecline