https://delaware.gov/help/
Search Delaware.gov
Search
Menu
MENU
Delaware.gov
Help
Listen
Help & Support
Self-Service Help
Over 50% of the questions people ask can be answered right away online.
Common Questions about Services
I'm looking for a specific agency to contact. How do I do that?
Agency mailing and physical addresses, and phone numbers can be found on their web sites. These web sites are listed in the Alphabetical List of State Agencies and the Departmental List of Agencies.
Where can I find the telephone number of a State employee?
You can find telephone numbers for some State employees, agencies and type of service provided by State agencies in the State Phone Directory.
What do I need to bring when applying for or renewing my driver's license or ID card?
On July 1, 2010, the Delaware Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) began offering secure driver licenses and identification cards. A list of documents you will need to COLLECT and BRING with you so you can SECURE your new driver license or identification card can be found at dmv.de.gov
How do I form a business entity in Delaware?
The Division of Corporations' web site at corp.delaware.gov gives a step by step procedure on forming a business entity in Delaware. These entities, whether located in Delaware or outside the State, include Corporations, Public Benefit Corporations (effective August 1, 2013), Limited Liability Companies (LLC), Limited Partnerships (LP), Statutory Trusts and many General Partnerships (GP).
How do I register my business in Delaware?
You can register your business with the Division of Revenue, the Division of Unemployment Insurance and the Office of Workers Compensation at the State of Delaware's One Stop Business Registration and Licensing System. Professional firms must, in addition to obtaining a business license, apply with the Division of Professional Regulations for a license to practice.
Can I file my taxes online?
Personal Income Taxes, for both current and 3 prior years, can be filed online. Individual Tax Payments, Estimated Tax Payments and Requests for an Extension can also be made online.
Delaware currently does not accept the filing of corporate income tax return online. However, Gross Receipts Tax can be filed and paid online and a balance due on withholding, gross receipts, license, or corporate income tax can be paid online. Business Tax Forms can be found on the Division of Revenue's site at revenue.delaware.gov.
Corporate Franchise Tax and Annual Reports can be filed/paid online at corp.delaware.gov. Also at this link, Limited Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies and General Partnerships formed or registered in Delaware can pay their annual tax of $250.00.
Bank Franchise Tax cannot be filed/paid online. The State Bank Commissioner's site has instructions and forms on their site at banking.delaware.gov.
How does Delaware.gov maintain the privacy and security of personal information?
Delaware.gov's Privacy Policy lists some basic information that may be collected from your web browser when you visit our site. E-mail, cookies and third party disclosures are also addressed in this policy.
Requests/Questions under the jurisdiction of Delaware's local governments
Where do I go to get a marriage license?
Marriage licenses can be obtained in the Clerk of the Peace's Office in each county. You should apply for the license in the county where you will be married. For contact information, links to their websites can be found on our Delaware Marriage topic page.
When is a homeowner required to obtain a building permit?
Homeowners should apply for a permit only if they are doing the home improvement project themselves. If a contractor is doing the work, it is their responsibility to obtain the permit. Building permits should be obtained from the county offices listed on our Your Residence topic page.
How do I obtain a copy of my property deed or get information about my property?
Deeds and property records are maintained by the Recorder of Deeds in the county where the property is located. To find contact information, please visit our Your Residence topic page.
Live Support
Division of Corporations Entity Information Live Support
Division of Corporations offers Live Support for Corporate Entity Information questions during business hours (Eastern Standard Time), excluding holidays. You can leave a message if Live Support is offline. The Division of Corporations is also available via phone, online services and email as listed on their
contact page.
Division of Corporations Franchise Tax Live Support
Division of Corporations offers Live Chat for Franchise Tax questions during business hours (Eastern Standard Time), excluding holidays. You can leave a message if Live Support is offline. The Franchise Tax section of the Division of Corporations is also available via phone, online services and email as listed on their
contact page.
Business Tax Live Support
Division of Revenue offers Live Chat for business tax payers. You can leave a message if Live Support is offline. Answers to business tax questions are also available on their Services for the Business Tax Payer page.
Department of Insurance Live Support
The Delaware Department of Insurance offers Live Chat during business hours, excluding holidays.
You can leave a message if Live Support is offline. Please visit their website, and look for the "Live Support" icon or "Leave a Message" feature on the left hand side of your browser. Phone and email support information are also available on their Contact Page.
DMV Live Chat Support
The Delaware Division of Motor Vehicles offers Live Chat for: Driver Services, Vehicle Services, and general information. Please visit their website, and you will see the Live Support icon on the top right of the page.
Ask a Librarian Delaware
This is a FREE, 24/7 online information service. This is a global, cooperative service staffed by reference librarians from Delaware as well as other participating states and countries.
E-mail
E-mail your question to us through the Delaware.gov Contact Form.
Did You Know?
Delaware was named for Thomas West, the Lord De La Warr. He was also the first governor of Virginia.
What's Trending
Attorney General
State Treasurer
Motor Vehicles
Labor
Corporations
Education
Governor
Health
Navigation
Close Menu
Search
Business First Steps
State Agencies
Phone Directory
Locations Directory
Latest News
Citizen Services
Business Services
Public Meetings
Delaware Topics
Social Media
Help & Support
Using ReadSpeaker
Adjust Your Font Size
Make Text Size Smaler
Reset Text Size
Make Text Size Bigger
Government & Services
Delaware's Governor
State Agencies
Elected Officials
General Assembly
Delaware Courts
State Employees
Cities & Towns
Delaware State Code
State Regulations
Business First Steps
Phone Directory
Locations Directory
Public Meetings
FOIA
Transparency
Delaware Marketplace
Tax Center
Personal Income Tax
Privacy Policy
Weather & Travel
Contact Us
Corporations
Franchise Tax
Gross Receipts Tax
Withholding Tax
Delaware Topics
Help Center
E-mail / Text Alerts
Social Media
Responsible Disclosure
Built by the Government Information Center
©MMXVIII Delaware.gov