http://dentures.net/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Get Listed
Call to find a Dentist
888-250-2461
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy
Please read this Terms of Use and Privacy Agreement carefully before using Dentures.net website. Your use of the Website is subject to your acceptance of this Agreement.
User Information and Privacy
We have created this Terms of Usage and Privacy Statement to help show Dentures.net's commitment to privacy. This Statement describes Dentures.net's information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website.
We do not automatically collect any personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or email address, unless you voluntarily submit it. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect them into a file specific to you. If, at any time, you do not wish to receive email from us, please send a message to info@dentures.net requesting that we stop.
We do use cookies to track non-personal information about our Website users such as the URL that the user has come from and goes to next, the Internet browser and type of operating system used, the user's location, and the user's IP address. We use IP addresses for system administration purposes so we can better understand which parts of our Website users visit most. Many sites automatically collect this information. We may use this information for such purposes as improving the content of our Website, marketing, advertising or research.
We do reserve the right to release current or past user information internally within Dentures.net and its affiliates, partners and subsidiaries. We also reserve the right to release current or past user information to third parties for limited purposes if we believe that usage is (i) in violation of this Agreement; (ii) used to commit unlawful acts; and/or (iii) is required to be disclosed to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or with a court or administrative order. Except as stated in this paragraph, we will not share information specific to users with third parties. We may, however, disclose aggregate user information to third parties.
Data Security
Dentures.net uses a secured network to store your personal information. In order to view or change personal information that has already been stored, a secured server is used and information is transmitted via SSL encryption.
Transactional Information
We make every effort to ensure that your purchase experience at Dentures.net is secure. We use state-of-the-art data encryption technology to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your user information. Secure Socket Layers (SSL) encrypt the
information sent between your computer and our database. In addition, we use Internet fraud screening to protect credit card transactions.
To be sure you're browsing secure pages, check your Web browser's status bar (located at the bottom of the window) for the closed padlock icon. This icon appears in the latest versions of Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator to tell you that you are viewing a secure web page. Also, all browsers display an "s" after the "http" (https://.) in the Web site address to indicate that you're in a secure environment.
LEARN MORE
partial dentures
dentures problems
free dentures
cost of dentures
dentures prices
permanent dentures
cheap dentures
affordable dentures
Denture pain is relatively common among many denture wearers. First time denture wearers as well as seasoned denture wearers will find themselves suffering...Click Here
What are dentures?
Experiencing some level of denture related pain is not uncommon for denture wearers. There are a number of pains commonly associated...Click HereSometimes even a great set of dentures can use a little help, and there are a number of supplementary denture products out on the market to fit nearly...Click Here
Home
Overview on BPS Dentures
Types of partial dentures
Cost of partial dentures
What are dentures?
Denture Implants
Dental Dentures
Making Process
Getting New Dentures
Best Quality Dentures
Who Should Get Dentures?
Who is a denture wearer?
Oral Problems
Different Kinds of Dentures
Partial Dentures
Full Dentures
Complete Dentures
Cosmetic Dentures
Permanent Dentures
Soft Dentures
Implant Supported
Upper Dentures
Flexible Dentures
Removable Dentures
Caring for Your Dentures
Denture Repair
Dentures Care
Denture Home Repair Kit
Relining Dentures
Cleaning Your Dentures
Sonic Denture Cleaner
Whitening Dentures
Denture Toothbrushes
Dentures Bath
Same Day Dentures?
Immediate Dentures
One-day dentures
Are These Dentures Safe?
Getting Affordable Dentures
Cost of Dentures
Cheap Dentures
Denture Prices
Free Dentures
Discount Dentures
Partial Dental Costs
Alternative to Dentures
Denture Products
Denture Adhesives
Denture Suction Ultra
Denture Reliner
Denture Liner
Denture Glue
Denture Cream
Denture Cushion
Denture Problems
Common Type of Pain
When to be Worried
Taste problems
About Prosthodontists
Dental Plans
FAQs
Privacy Policy
32
Copyright © 2020 Dentures.net, All Rights Reserved