https://diabeteshealth.com/privacy/
Protecting your privacy is a top priority at Diabetes Health. We’ve taken precautions to secure your information and our physical premises. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Webmaster.
Diabetes Health uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site. Your IP address may also be used to gather broad demographic information.
Site Feedback
Under “Contact Us,” we maintain e-mail links to various Diabetes Health members to collect feedback on products and services. We collect visitors’ contact information (like e-mail address). Customer contact information is used only to respond to inquiries.
Editorial Polls
We collect personal information from our editorial polls for citation purposes in the print magazine and/or website. If you do not wish your information to be published, please check the appropriate box to have your information withheld.
E-mail List
If you choose to receive our weekly newsletter, we ask for an e-mail address you would like Diabetes Health sent to. We do not sell your e-mail address. Customer contact information is used to contact visitors when necessary. To opt out of receiving future mailings, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all our newsletters.
Online Surveys
Occasionally we send out an online survey via e-mail to random newsletter subscribers. Our surveys ask visitors for contact information (e-mail address) and general demographic data (such as gender, geographic location or occupation). We use survey results on an aggregate basis to improve Diabetes Health. No personal information is shared with third parties. We do not sell your e-mail address to marketers.
Ad Serving
We use a third-party software to serve ads. Diabetes Health may use information (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about visits to our site, in combination with non-personally identifiable information about your purchases and interests from other sources, in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you.
In addition, we share site usage information with other companies for the sole purpose of managing and targeting ads and for market research. Diabetes Health and third-party ad servers may occasionally track pages you visit through with pixel tags (or “clear gifs”). In the course of serving ads, an advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your computer.
Contacting Diabetes Health
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, contact:
Diabetes Health
Po Box 1199
Woodacre, CA 94949
Tel: (415) 488-4526
Or use the Contact Us page
Email
Diabetes Health Magazine
PO Box 1199, Woodacre CA 94973-1199
Diabetes Health Medical Disclaimer
The information on this site is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images, and information, contained on or available through this website is for general information purposes only. Opinions expressed here are the opinions of writers, contributors, and commentators, and are not necessarily those of Diabetes Health. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking medical treatment because of something you have read on or accessed through this website.
Copyright 2020 – Diabetes Health All right reserved
Join our Newsletter