https://dlpa.biz/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
Home
Categories
Assisted Living
Caregiving Guide
In Home Healthcare
Independent senior living
Memory Care
Respite Care
Senior Living Tips
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Make Appointment
×
Make an Appoinment
Privacy Policy
Browse
Privacy Policy for https://dlpa.biz
Privacy Policy for https://dlpa.biz
The privacy of our visitors to https://dlpa.biz is important to us.
At https://dlpa.biz we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit https://dlpa.biz, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Googles DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (interest based targeting). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses non personally identifiable information. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Categories
Assisted Living
Caregiving Guide
In Home Healthcare
Independent senior living
Memory Care
Respite Care
Senior Living Tips
Recent Posts
Does Medical Insurance Cover Assisted Living In Texas
Best Phone For Seniors
Sweet Home Senior Apartments
Getting Paid Taking Care Of Elderly Parents At Home
Does Medical Insurance Pay For Dementia Care
Visit Us
Manhattan
New York City USA
Email
info@gmail.com
Call Us
+1234567879
Dupont Linhoff Patient Assessment
Home | Contact | Site Map
Copyright © All Rights Reserved. 2020
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: BetterHealth by CanyonThemes.