http://dog-allergies.blogspot.com/2007/08/privacy-policy_14.html
skip to main
|
skip to sidebar
Dogs manifest allergic reactions when they undergo emotional stress. And that is a direct link to the caretaker’s personal life, whether he or she is undergoing an emotional or stressful phase in life.
Recommended
Home
Dog Allergy Treatment
Dog Allergy Medications
Dog Allergies
How to Manage Dog Allergies with Home Remedies
Is Benadryl Safe for Dogs with Allergies?
Hypoallergenic Dog Breeds
Aloe Vera Helps Stop Redness
Hypo Allergenic Dog Biscuits
Common Foods that Causes Allergies in Dogs
Hidden Health Risks in Your Home
Choosing an Allergy Free, Healthy Dog
Dog Links
Dog Health Blog
Dog Smell
Dog, Dogs, Canine Wonderland!
Labrador Retriever Blog
Labrador Retriever Chat Board
Nearly-Dr Ferox
Pet Names
Privacy Policy
Tuesday, 14 August 2007
Privacy Policy
I respect your privacy and I am committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at my site http://dog-allergies.blogspot.com/ . The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.Log FilesLike most standard Web site servers, I use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. My site use cookies for tracking visitors’ activity. Some of my business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, I have no access to or control over these cookies, once I have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.LinksThis Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that I am not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. I encourage my users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.AdvertisersI use outside ad companies to display ads on my site. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by the ad companies, and I do not have access to these information. I work with the ad company Google Adsense. Please check their websites for respective privacy policies.Contact InformationIf users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, send an email to rockenspiel[at]gmail[dot]com
Posted by
guru
at
16:09
Newer Post
Home
Dog Allergy Types
Inhalant Allergy
Flea Allergies
Dog Food Allergy
Contact Allergies in Dogs
Bacterial Allergies in Dogs
Blog archive
February (1)
January (1)
November (1)
October (3)
September (7)
August (8)
Ultimate Pet Directory
Dog Information
The Dog Lovers CommunityPowered By Ringsurf
Contact
For inquiries: auteurwriting@gmail.com