http://dosonline.org/privacy-policy
About Us
About Us
DOS History
First DOS Executive
Objectives
Landmarks In DOS History
International Conferences Held Under The Aegis Of DOS
AIOS Conferences Held By DOS
AIOS Presidents From DOS
DOS Presidents
DOS General Secretaries
Presidential Address
DOS Executive
DOS Subcommittees
Constitution
Disclaimer
Contact Us
Meetings
DOS Monthly Meetings
DOS Sub Specialty Workshops
Conferences
Winter Conference
Annual Conference
iDOS
DOS Teaching
Member Services
Members Directory
Important Dates
DOS Travel Fellowship
Update Profile
Submit Your Grievance
Member Address Change
Public Corner
Find an Ophthalmologist
Ask an Ophthalmologist
DOS Community Program
Eye Diseases
DOS Times
DOS Library
Library Officer
Experts comments
E-Journals
E-Book
Academic Material
DJO
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is DELHI OPHTHALMOLOGICAL SOCIETY's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://dosonline.org/, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
This policy is effective as of 30 September 2019.
Become A Member
Member Benefits
Executive Committee
DOS Awards
DOS Times Quiz
Interaction Platform
Article Submission
The 71st Annual Conference of DOS which was scheduled on 3rd to 5th April, 2020, has been postponed due to the COVID-19.
We are postponing the 71st Annual DOS Conference as per now for a later date. The registration of the delegates will remain valid for the postponed event.