http://dovelewis.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Quick
Donate
24/7 (503) 228-7281
Directions
Emergency
Main Menu - Mobile
Home
Home
About Your Visit
Pet Owners
Wait Time Information
Wait Times
Do I need to come in?
Come in?
How Much Will This Cost?
Costs
Coping With Loss
Grief Support
Keeping Pets Healthy
Tips
Our Team
Our Team
Frequently Asked Questions
FAQs
Referring Veterinarians
Veterinarians
Online Referrals
Refer
Our Team
Our Team
Emergency Services
ER
Specialty Services
Specialty
Blood Bank
Blood Bank
Overnight Monitoring
Overnight
Patient Transport
Transport
CE + Training
CE
For Your Clients
Resources
Community
Community
Aid Programs
Financial Aid
Canine Assisted Therapy
PACTT
Pet Loss Support
Grief Support
Blood Bank
Blood Bank
Calendar
Calendar
Found Pets
Found Pets
Bringing Moments of Joy
Volunteer
Volunteer
COVID-19 Updates
COVID-19
Donors
Donors
Individual Donors
Ind. Donors
Corporate Sponsors
Corp. Sponsor
Planned Giving
Legacy
Donor Events
Events
Vehicle Donations
Vehicles
Shop
Shop
Board of Directors
Board
Bringing Moments of Joy
Hospital Expansion
Expansion
COVID-19 Updates
COVID-19
Contact
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy
DoveLewis Emergency Animal Hospital Website Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
This document was last updated on July 17, 2014.
1. ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
DoveLewis Emergency Animal Hospital (“DoveLewis”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interacts with our Website. The following Privacy Policy explains which types of personally identifiable information (PII) we collect on our Website and what we do with such information, as well as the procedures for communicating with us about that information.
If you feel that the privacy practices employed by us are not adequate to protect your privacy or if you are under 13 years of age, you should refrain from using the Website.
By accessing the Website, you acknowledge that you have read and fully understand this Privacy Policy, that you freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Policy and that you are at least 13 years of age.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect certain information from and about our users in three ways: (1) directly from our web server logs, (2) from the user, and (3) with cookies.
a. Web Server Logs
When you visit our Website, we may track nonpersonally identifiable information to administer the Website and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
• Your Internet protocol address
• The kind of browser or computer you use
• The pages you view on the Website
• The number of links you click within the Website
• The state or country from which you access the Website
• The date and time of your visit
• The name of your Internet service provider
b. Use of Cookies
We may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can be read only by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We, as well as third-party vendors including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your visit to our website.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information, as well as providing personalized functionality.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality of our Website.
c. Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Visitors to our Website may need to register to use our services or volunteer. When you register, we will request some personal information (such as your name, email address or phone number).  If you are purchasing a service or product, donating, or registering for an event, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. For other types of registrations, purchases or donations, we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you, such as if necessary to provide you with online technical support and troubleshooting.
Like many other websites, we employ Google Analytics and other third-party services to collect non-personally identifiable information (such as age, gender and interests). Our third-party sources provide us with a summary that is statistical in nature and cannot be tracked back to a specific individual. We use this information to gage the impact of website changes and to make improvements to our website (including website-based advertising). However, we do not facilitate the merging of your personally identifiable information with the non-personally identifiable information we collect. If you would like to see what information you are disclosing or opt out completely, please visit https://www.google.com/settings/ads.
We will not intentionally disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission, except to the extent we deem necessary including:
• To fulfill your requests for services
• To protect ourselves from liability
• As required by law
• To any independent contractor employed by us who needs access to your personally identifiable information to complete work assigned by us
• To protect the personal safety or property of our users or ourselves.
• While we take reasonable measures to keep PII confidential and to ensure the integrity and security of our network and Website, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
3. USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
Our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow us to count users who have visited those pages.  We may include web beacons in email messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
4. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We have the right to update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
5. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Disclaimer
1. GIFT SHOP PURCHASES
We request information from our customers during online purchases of goods. During purchases, users must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used only for billing purposes and to fill the customer’s order. If we have trouble processing an order, contact information is used to get in touch with the customer. DoveLewis does not share individual purchase information with any other commercial enterprise. Please allow up to two weeks to receive your purchase. All purchases are shipped via USPS priority mail. For memorial tree ornaments a DoveLewis representative will contact you when the order arrives to make arrangements for hanging the ornament on the DoveLewis Memorial Tree.
2. RETURNS ON MERCHANDISE
Personalized purchases, such as our memorial tree ornaments, sympathy cards and pet remembrance journals are non-returnable items. For other products that are not personalized, if for any reason you are not satisfied with the product you receive, you may return unused or damaged items within 30 days of purchase for an exchange or credit card refund. CDs cannot be returned unless they are damaged in which case they can be exchanged for similar, undamaged product. Returns must be in original packaging with all parts included. Shipping and handling charges are not refundable. However, if the return is the result of a mistake on our part, we will be happy to refund your shipping charges.
3. INDEMNIFICATION
By using the DoveLewis website and all its contents, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold DoveLewis harmless from any and all claims, damages, costs, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the website. Your use of this website constitutes an agreement between you and DoveLewis. This agreement, which consists of the terms and conditions set forth herein, shall be governed by, construed under, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of Oregon, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. User acknowledges and consents to jurisdiction in Oregon. Any action in connection with, relating to, and/or arising from this agreement shall be brought exclusively in Portland, Oregon, in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. This agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or DoveLewis. You may terminate this agreement at any time by notifying the DoveLewis by email or mail. DoveLewis may also terminate this agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the website, if in DoveLewis sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes may be provided to law enforcement authorities in the discretion of DoveLewis. This is the entire agreement between the parties related to the use of this website.
Any information posted on DoveLewis’ website is for general information purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice, medical opinion, diagnosis, and should not be relied upon to guide or influence the medical therapy of any Pet. Any information provided is not a substitute for medical attention.  You should always consult your own doctor, health care professional, or other applicable professional for advice before making important personal decisions. Your reliance on the content of the Site is solely at your own risk.
This website and all of the materials on or referenced by the site are provided on an “as is” basis. In no event shall DoveLewis be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever with respect to the use of this website. You agree that you are using this website solely at your own risk.
Donor Privacy Policy
View Donor Privacy Policy
24-Hour Emergency Animal Care
1945 NW Pettygrove St.
Portland, OR 97209
Map / Directions
(503) 228-7281
DoveLewis does not give medical diagnosis or advice over the phone. If in doubt, please visit the hospital.