https://drgeoffreysteinberg.com/category/policies/
Skip to content
Geoffrey Steinberg, Psy.D.
Licensed Psychologist, Pennsylvania & New York
Home
Getting Started
Psychotherapy
Expertise
Relationships
Gay Affirmative Psychotherapy
College Student Mental Health
Qualifications
Administration
Archived Posts
Calendar
Cancellations
Case Management Policy
Fees
Frequently Asked Questions
Initial Consultations
Insurance
Locations
Office Move
New Office Updates
Privacy
Referrals
Social Responsibility
Weather
Contact
Email & Phone
Philadelphia Office
Videoconference Waiting Room
Posts from the
‘Policies’ Category
Dec 29
Automatic Recurring Billing
In service of convenience and simplicity, my practice's policy on fees has been updated to reflect the transition to a new recurring billing system. Clients are asked to keep a credit card or checking account on file that will be billed on the date of service. This includes all types of payments--both out-of-network fees for professional services and fees associated with in-network services, such as insurance co-payments, co-insurance, and deductibles.
These are due each week at the time of service, rather than on a monthly basis, and will be billed automatically via eCheck, American Express, Visa, Mastercard, or Discover.
Read more
Feb 17
New York’s Gun Law Changes: Negligible Impact on Privacy in Private Practice Settings
In January 2013, New York State passed significant changes to its gun control law that impact mental health care in several ways, but should result in a negligible impact on psychotherapy in private practice settings. The new law is the New York Secure Ammunition and Firearms Enforcement Act of 2013, known as the NY SAFE Act. The governor's website now includes a summary of the law's key provisions and frequently asked questions. The full text of the law may be found here.
Read more
Sep 29
Practice Policy Updates
Policy updates to the Outpatient Services Contract for psychotherapy covering the following:
(1) Communication between sessions, (2) Additional fees for declined transactions and late payments, and (3) an update to the Litigation Limitation Policy.
Read more
Feb 27
Termination Policy
Termination of psychotherapy is a topic covered in great detail in professional circles, but it's not uncommon for clients to be unfamiliar with how to handle the end of a therapy experience.
Read more
Mar 15
Case Management Policy
I run my practice in as independent and private a manner as possible by choosing not to be contracted with insurance companies that are likely to impose excessive bureaucratic requirements. Even on an out-of-network basis, some insurance companies may request additional information about your treatment in the form of utilization reviews or requests for additional information about you. My default response is to refuse such requests for the dual purpose of protecting your privacy and maintaining the autonomy of my practice.
Read more
Feb 5
New Cancellation Policy
If you and I decide to work together, I will usually schedule one forty-five minute session (one appointment hour of forty-five minutes duration) per week at a mutually agreed time. Once this appointment hour is scheduled, you will be expected to pay for it.
Read more
Jan 12
Fees
Current professional fees are listed and related policies are summarized in this post.
Read more
Aug 17
After Hours Coverage
Though I am often not immediately available by telephone, I routinely check both voicemail and email during regular business hours.
Read more
Feb 13
Insurance
Facts about insurance coverage both in- and out-of-network
Read more
Nov 30
Cancellation Policy (Original)
The following is the Original Cancellation Policy effective for clients starting prior to 2010. Clients may be transferred to the new policy on a case by case basis.
Read more
« Older Entries
CategoriesAnnouncements Clinical Approach Expertise In The Press Opinion Policies Professional Activities Prospective Clients TherapySafetyNet
Tagscalendar
gay mental health
healthcare
media
NYC
practice management
privacy
psychodynamic
psychologist
psychotherapy
relationships
social responsibility
About © 2006-2020 Geoffrey Steinberg, Psy.D.
Photo Credit
Disclaimer
Search
Search
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Post to
Cancel