https://drgeoffreysteinberg.com/tag/privacy/
Skip to content
Geoffrey Steinberg, Psy.D.
Licensed Psychologist, Pennsylvania & New York
Home
Getting Started
Psychotherapy
Expertise
Relationships
Gay Affirmative Psychotherapy
College Student Mental Health
Qualifications
Administration
Archived Posts
Calendar
Cancellations
Case Management Policy
Fees
Frequently Asked Questions
Initial Consultations
Insurance
Locations
Office Move
New Office Updates
Privacy
Referrals
Social Responsibility
Weather
Contact
Email & Phone
Philadelphia Office
Videoconference Waiting Room
Posts tagged ‘privacy’
Mar 15
Telepsychology Informed Consent
Telepsychology informed consent form
Read more
Mar 14
Telehealth during COVID-19 Pandemic: Your Privacy and Business Associate Agreement with Videoconferencing Provider
Addendum to this practice’s Notice of Privacy Practices in relation to videoconference provider, Doxy.me | Business Associate Agreement downloadable pdf
Read more
Feb 17
New York’s Gun Law Changes: Negligible Impact on Privacy in Private Practice Settings
In January 2013, New York State passed significant changes to its gun control law that impact mental health care in several ways, but should result in a negligible impact on psychotherapy in private practice settings. The new law is the New York Secure Ammunition and Firearms Enforcement Act of 2013, known as the NY SAFE Act. The governor's website now includes a summary of the law's key provisions and frequently asked questions. The full text of the law may be found here.
Read more
Sep 21
Private Practice Facebook Page
I’ve launched a Facebook page for my practice... A word about privacy: I would encourage any psychotherapy clients past or present who come across the Facebook page to think carefully before choosing to write any comments or “liking” any items I post. The strictest approach to maintaining your own privacy, including even the implication that you may be in treatment, is not to interact with my Facebook page at all.
Read more
Mar 15
Case Management Policy
I run my practice in as independent and private a manner as possible by choosing not to be contracted with insurance companies that are likely to impose excessive bureaucratic requirements. Even on an out-of-network basis, some insurance companies may request additional information about your treatment in the form of utilization reviews or requests for additional information about you. My default response is to refuse such requests for the dual purpose of protecting your privacy and maintaining the autonomy of my practice.
Read more
Nov 25
Disclaimer
The information on any area or page of this site and other sites owned by this practice is intended for information purposes only regarding available clinical services.
Read more
Mar 18
College Mental Health: Should Parents be Involved?
The New York Times ran “Off to College Alone, Shadowed by Mental Illness” (12-08-06) and invited reader responses to the question, “Should colleges involve parents in the treatment of their child's mental illnesses or should the privacy of these young adults be protected?” My response...
Read more
Nov 1
Privacy
One of the ‘active ingredients’ of psychotherapy is the freedom to discuss anything, secure in the knowledge that your privacy will be protected. All information about a client's psychotherapy is confidential, except in situations where there is a threat or danger to life, including neglect or abuse of a child or an elderly person, and in other limited circumstances as defined by law.
Read more
CategoriesAnnouncements Clinical Approach Expertise In The Press Opinion Policies Professional Activities Prospective Clients TherapySafetyNet
Tagscalendar
gay mental health
healthcare
media
NYC
practice management
privacy
psychodynamic
psychologist
psychotherapy
relationships
social responsibility
About © 2006-2020 Geoffrey Steinberg, Psy.D.
Photo Credit
Disclaimer
Search
Search
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com