http://dsnetworkaz.org/help-dsnetwork/
Skip to content
Help DSNetworkphinshaw2020-10-20T16:28:37+00:00
Why Give to DSNetwork?Why Give to DSNetwork?
The Down Syndrome Network is dependent on donations and fundraising to provide quality programs and services to meet the needs of individuals with Down syndrome and their families. The generosity of many individuals, corporations and foundation grants helps DSNetwork fulfill its mission to empower individuals, educate families, enhance communities and, together, celebrate the extraordinary lives of people with Down syndrome. Together, we can make a difference!
If you’d like to make a secure donation online, please click the ‘DONATE’ button. To donate by check, please mail your contribution to DSNetwork, PO Box 12495, Tempe, AZ 85284. EIN: 61-1409048
AZ CHARITABLE TAX CREDIT PROGRAM Give and Get Back 100% of your Donation!
For Arizona taxpayers, a gift of up to $800 (filing jointly) or up to $400 (filing single) to DSNetwork qualifies for the Arizona Charitable Tax Credit Program. It is a direct dollar-for-dollar credit back to you. This tax credit may be claimed in addition to the Arizona School/Education and/or Foster Care Tax Credit. No need to itemize deductions to claim the tax credit.
It’s an easy way to help DSNetwork provide programs and services individuals with Down Syndrome and their families. Click here for more info about the tax credit. DSNetwork’s EIN: 61-1409048. When filing your taxes you need DSNetwork’s QCO code #20262.
Honorary & Memorial Gifts
There’s no better way to remember or honor a loved one than by helping families who have a loved one with Down syndrome.
Through an Honorary Gift, you’ll help someone in the name of a friend or relative. Such a gift can also celebrate graduations, weddings, promotions, and retirements. Each is acknowledged by a card sent to the honoree.
Each Memorial Gift is acknowledged by a letter mailed to the family of the deceased.
Order FREE Cotton Protective Face Masks! We will have them at our Tempe office for pick up or we can deliver via mail. *If picking up in the office please call or text 480-759-9150 to make arrangements. The white masks come in packages of 5 and are all the same size (may fit teens and adults). $5 ea or 5/$20 TO PURCHASE-CLICK HERE- DSNetwork’s 2021 calendar features the beautiful faces of our loved ones with Down syndrome. The calendar promotes Down syndrome awareness, acceptance and inclusion in our community.Cost $8 ~ Potty Time for Kids with Down Syndrome. About: Dr. Lina Patel, renowned psychologist at the Global Down Syndrome Affiliate the Sie Center for Down Syndrome at Children’s Colorado, co-authors the ultimate guide to potty training children with Down syndrome. 1/2 price through DSNetwork – $8Volunteer with DSNetworkDSNetwork needs your help to make our programs and events a success! View our ongoing and current volunteering opportunities and sign up today. All volunteers must be at least 16 years old, or accompanied by a parent or guardian. Additional requirements may apply for certain activities. Group volunteering opportunities are available. Contact the Volunteer@DSNetworkAZ.org with any questions.
CJ Udall Memorial Scholarship FundCJ Udall Memorial Scholarship Fund
In memory of CJ Udall, whose positive attitude and enthusiasm for life continues to inspire others to explore adventurous opportunities, the Down Syndrome Network offers a limited number of partial scholarships to assist individuals to attend an event, training. program or assistance with a basic need. The CJ Udall Memorial Scholarship is intended to assist individuals with Down syndrome, and/or their family, who reside in Arizona and who demonstrate a need and the desire to expand their lifetime memories by exploring these adventurous opportunities.
To make a donation, click here.
Fry's Community Rewards ProgramAttention Fry’s Food Stores Shoppers: Help Support DSNetwork!
Did you know you can support DSNetwork just by shopping at Fry’s? It’s FREE and easy when you enroll in Fry’s Community Rewards! To get started, sign up with your V.I.P. Card and select Down Syndrome Network of Arizona (#80537). Once you’re enrolled, you’ll earn rewards for DSNetwork every time you shop and use your V.I.P Card!You Shop. Amazon Smile Gives.AmazonSmile is a simple and automatic way for you to support DSNetwork every time you shop, at no cost to you. When you shop at www.smile.amazon.com. you’ll find the exact same prices, selection, and shopping experience as Amazon.com, with the added bonus that Amazon will donate a portion of the purchase price to the charitable organization (Down Syndrome Network) you select.
Translate »