https://dtrf.org/cookie-policy
Search for:
Search
Menu
About DTRFAbout DTRFMeet the FoundersMeet Our TeamIn the MediaAnnual ReportsBoardsBoard of DirectorsMedical Advisory BoardScientific Advisory BoardAbout Desmoid TumorsDiagnosis and TreatmentFAQsPatientsOverviewDonate Tissue for ResearchDTRF Patient RegistryDTRF Virtual Tumor BoardNewly-Diagnosed?Sign Up for UpdatesAnnual Patient MeetingsRegional Patient MeetingsFind a PhysicianClinical TrialsSister OrganizationsPatient ResourcesDesmoid Tumour Foundation of Canada (DFC)ResearchOverviewInternational Research WorkshopsThe DTRF Coordinating CenterGlobal Consensus PaperPartnership with The BroadMouse ModelsPublished Research ArticlesPresentations, Abstracts & PostersDTRF Research GrantsDTRF Grant AwardsApply for a GrantGet InvolvedDonateDesmoid Tumor Awareness MonthTake ActionRaise Funds for a CureSpread AwarenessFund a Research ProjectBecome an Event SponsorEventsRunning for Answers & Patient MeetingUpcoming EventsPast EventsContact UsDonate Now
Search for:
Search
Settings
Shopping Bag
Cookie Policy
The Desmoid Tumor Research Foundation (“DTRF,” “us,” “we” or “our”) and our third-party providers set and use cookies and similar technologies to store and manage user preferences, deliver targeted advertising, enable content, and gather analytic and usage data. The use of cookies and other tracking technologies is standard across websites and apps through which information is collected about your online activities across applications, websites, or other services. This Cookie Policy provides information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, and how you can control and manage them.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on a computer or other device and is used to identify the user or device and to collect information. Cookies are typically assigned to one of four categories, depending on their function and intended purpose: absolutely necessary cookies, performance cookies, functional cookies, and cookies for marketing purposes.
Types of cookies and why we use them
Absolutely necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to move around a website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like adding items to an online shopping cart, cannot be provided.
Performance cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. Information collected includes, for example, the Internet browsers and operating systems used, the domain name of the website previously visited, the number of visits, average duration of visit, and pages viewed. These cookies don’t collect information that personally identifies you and only collect aggregated and anonymous information. Performance cookies are used to improve the user-friendliness of a website and enhance your experience.
Functionality cookies: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your username or ID, language preference, or the area or region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts, and other customizable parts of web pages. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for, such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized, and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting and advertising cookies: These cookies track browsing habits and are used to deliver targeted (interest-based) advertising. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an ad and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations, such as advertisers.
Managing cookies
You can manage website cookies in your web browser (for example, Edge, Explorer, Chrome, Safari, etc.) settings, and you always have the choice to change these settings by accepting, rejecting, or deleting cookies. If you choose to change your settings, you may find that certain functions and features will not work as intended on the services. Cookie settings are slightly different depending on the browser used, so to manage cookies, you should refer to the program documentation and the relevant settings within your particular browser.
We understand that you may want to know more about cookies. Here are some useful resources that provide detailed information about types of cookies, how they are used, and how you can manage your cookie preferences: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Local shared objects/Flash cookies: Flash cookies, also known as local shared objects, are designed to support browser content supported by Adobe Flash. They are usually used to enable ads and video content on websites. Like other cookies, they will store information on your device, some of which will be specific to the Flash-enabled content. Flash cookies can only be deleted within Adobe Flash rather than via your browser. Please refer to Adobe Flash’s help page for information on how to manage your privacy settings and deletion of Flash cookies.
Web beacons: Our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs and transparent graphic images) that we use to help deliver cookies on our sites, count users who have visited those sites, deliver services, and analyze the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, for example. We may also include web beacons in our marketing email messages or newsletters to determine whether an email is opened or if links are clicked.
Web server & application logs: Our servers automatically collect certain information to help us administer and protect the services, analyze usage, and improve users’ experience. The information collected includes:
IP address and browser type
Device information including Unique Device Identifier (UDID), MAC address, Identifier For Advertisers (IFA), and similar identifiers we or others may assign
Device operating system and other technical facts
The city, state/province, and country from which you access our website
Pages visited and content viewed, stored, and purchased
Information or text entered
Links and buttons clicked
URLs visited before and after you use our services
Interest-based advertising (IBA)
Interest-based advertising (IBA) allows us to deliver targeted advertising to users of our services. IBA works by showing you advertisements that are based on the type of content you access or read. For example, as you browse our services, one of the cookies placed on your device will be an advertising cookie so we can better understand what sort of pages or content you are interested in. The information collected about your device enables us to group you with other devices that have shown similar interests. We can then display advertising to categories of users that is based on common interests. For more information about IBA, please visit: http://www.iab.net/public_policy/behavioral-advertisingprinciples.
Opting out of IBA
If you want to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our services. It just means that we will not use information collected about you for IBA and that any advertising you see will not be customized and may not be relevant to you. You can exercise your online advertising choices at http://optout.aboutads.info or by clicking the AdChoices icon in an ad and following the instructions. You may also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI) Opt Out Tool (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices) and in the EU at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Remember, if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again.
Advertising on mobile devices
Mobile devices have an identifier that gives companies the ability to serve targeted ads to a specific mobile device. In many cases, you can turn off mobile device ad tracking or you can reset the advertising identifier at any time within your mobile device privacy settings. Another tool you can use to control advertising on your mobile device is the AppChoices App: http://youradchoices.com/appchoices. You may also choose to turn off location tracking on your mobile device. If you turn off ad tracking or location tracking, we will no longer use information collected from your device’s advertising identifier for the purposes of advertising. You may still see the same number of ads but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests or location.
Do not track
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Due to the lack of a common interpretation of DNT signals throughout the industry, we do not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary.
Connecting via social networks
Some of our services may include social networking features, such as the Facebook “Like” button and widgets, “Share” buttons, and interactive mini-programs. Additionally, you may choose to use your own social networking logins from, for example, Facebook or LinkedIn, to log into some of our services. If you choose to connect using a social networking or similar service, we may receive and store authentication information from that service to enable you to log in and other information that you may choose to share when you connect with these services. These services may collect information such as the web pages you visited and IP addresses, and may set cookies to enable features to function properly. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by these third parties. You should review the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to the third-party services you connect to, use, or access. If you do not want your personal information shared with your social media account provider or other users of the social media service, please do not connect your social media account with your account for the services and do not participate in social sharing on the services.
Links and connections to third-party services
Our services may contain links to and may be used by you in conjunction with third-party apps, services, tools, and websites that are not affiliated with, controlled, or managed by us. Examples include Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and, third-party apps like voice software and readers. The privacy and other practices of these third parties will be governed by the parties’ own terms of use and privacy policies. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by these third parties. You should review the terms of use and privacy policies applicable to these third-party services.
Opting out of consent to use cookies
If we process cookies based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any point in time by contacting us at: webmaster@dtrf.org. Please note, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide your consent on a case-by-case basis for the use by us or disclosure of certain cookies, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our services.
Menu
About DTRF
About
About DTRF
Meet the Founders
Meet Our Team
In the Media
Annual Reports
Boards
Board of Directors
Medical Advisory Board
Scientific Advisory Board
About Desmoid Tumors
Diagnosis and Treatment
FAQs
Patients
Information
Overview
Donate Tissue for Research
DTRF Patient Registry
DTRF Virtual Tumor Board
Newly-Diagnosed?
Sign Up for Updates
Annual Patient Meetings
Regional Patient Meetings
Resources
Find a Physician
Clinical Trials
Sister Organizations
Patient Resources
Desmoid Tumour Foundation of Canada (DFC)
Research
DTRF Research
Overview
International Research Workshops
The DTRF Coordinating Center
Global Consensus Paper
Partnership with The Broad
Mouse Models
Published Research Articles
Presentations, Abstracts & Posters
DTRF Research Grants
DTRF Grant Awards
Apply for a Grant
Get Involved
Get Involved with DTRF
Donate
Desmoid Tumor Awareness Month
Take Action
Raise Funds for a Cure
Spread Awareness
Fund a Research Project
Become an Event Sponsor
Events
Running for Answers & Patient Meeting
Upcoming Events
Past Events
Contact Us
Donate Now
TOP