https://dysphonia.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The NSDA deeply respects the privacy of its visitors
The National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association (NSDA) created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The Privacy Policy explains how the NSDA may collect, use, and disclose information, including Personal Information we obtain through www.dysphonia.org as well as information we obtain offline or in any electronic, written, or oral communication.
The NSDA deeply respects the privacy of its visitors. You are not required to provide any personal information to visit the site. Users voluntarily can provide personal information for any notifications regarding the site. Any information provided to NSDA will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. We do not sell, rent, loan, share, trade, lease or otherwise make available the addresses to any third party collect on the website.
Personal Information. We collect Personal Information when you register to use and access the Online Platforms; connect your profile with your social network account; and communicate with us.  Our site uses various forms for visitors to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about NSDA to our customers. The visitors contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Information collected is used solely by NSDA and is not distributed to third parties. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). Information collected is used solely by NSDA and is not distributed to third parties. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our Commitment to Data Security. We use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information. We have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, including using secure socket layer (SSL) technology where available. All media containing credit card information is stored at third-party datacenters with physical access controls in place that meet PCI (payment card industry) standards, and is subject to those third-party policies regarding data privacy and security.
Cookies. We also collect information, such as anonymous usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use the Online Platforms. When you visit the NSDA website, your Web server automatically logs (records) domain name and standard information about the operating system and Web browser you are using, as provided by your Web browser. To track your progress through the website and to help us evaluate usage of the website, the server places a “cookie” – a small text file with an identification number – on your machine or device. This automatically collected information is used for statistical purposes to help us manage the website, but it does not identify you in any way. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.IP Address. We may also track Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that can identify an Internet Service Provider and country location. It cannot provide other personal information. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our computer server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to help identify you, but does not contain Personal Information about you.
Third-Party Websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites that are accessible through the website, including but not limited to any third-party websites that process payments on behalf of us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites and will not be responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the website to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit.
How We Protect Personal Information. We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide through our Website. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or stored on a server can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties.
Choice/Opt-Out. Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Contact: NSDA@dysphonia.org by email or by phone 800-795-6732. Send a request to:National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association300 Park Boulevard, Suite 175 Itasca, IL  60143
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Contact: NSDA@dysphonia.org by email or by phone 800-795-6732. Send a request to:National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association300 Park Boulevard, Suite 175 Itasca, IL  60143
Updates to Our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate the date those terms will be effective. We reserve the right to make such modifications immediately if required. It is your responsibility to check to determine if there have been changes to the Privacy Policy and to review such changes. We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices.If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or the practices of this site, please contact us at NSDA@dysphonia.org or at 800-795-6732. Thank you.
Copyright InformationAll information on this site is the property of the National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association.
©2019, National Spasmodic Dysphonia Association. All rights reserved.
QUICK LINKSFIND SUPPORT
FIND A MEETING OR EVENT
FIND A VOICE EXPERT
LIVING WITH A VOICE DISORDER
CONNECT WITH THE NSDA
DONATE OR JOIN
SEARCH
Search for:
×
×Cart
X
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.