https://eao.site-ym.com/page/Privacypolicy
Privacy Policy - European Association for Osseointegration
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Read our Privacy Statement for more.
Accept
Deny
Print Page | Sign In | Register
Toggle navigationMENUMembership Why join?Select membershipCategoriesOur MembersCongress EAO Congress - Lisbon 2019Future CongressesPrevious CongressesEducation Education OpportunitiesDiploma in Implant DentistryMaster Clinician CoursesCertification ProgrammeNews Latest NewsResearch and Publications Online LibraryIJPCOIRInspyredConsensus ConferencesCongress Scientific ReportsOrder Wiley PublicationsKey Points for Clinical PracticeAbout the EAO AboutRecognitions Honorary MembershipMedalsTributesStructure Committee StructureGeneral AssemblyCouncilBoard of DirectorsOur NetworkPress and Media
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the European Association for Osseointegration (EAO) uses and protects any information given to the EAO when using this website.
We will always keep your data safe and secure, please see below why we need it and how we use it.
General Data Protection Regulation
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is an European Union regulation governing data privacy, which places new requirements on individuals and businesses offering services from and to the EU. The aim of the GDPR is to harmonize the existing patchwork of data privacy laws currently in place across most of Europe, including the 28 member countries of the EU and the 3 additional member countries of the European Economic Area (EEA).
The GDPR was implemented in May 2018 and requires us to provide you with the following information.
What we collect
The EAO collects information when:
Creating an “EAO member account” which allows individuals to access the website.
Registering as a speaker as the information provided can be displayed during events. This information can be changed afterwards if needed.
Following your registration for an EAO event such as a Master Clinician Course or a EAO congress, as the accommodation is handled by a third party also responsible for your privacy. As part of our contract with the third party, we may acquire your information and use your email address to alert you personally about future EAO events.
Using one of several contact forms available on the website, where we ask for your name, email and phone number.
Using Google Analytics as we can track the path of your visit through our website. This information is aggregated and presented to us in a way that allows us to improve the website, without being able to identify a particular user.
What we do with the information we gather
The information requested to our Members allows to understand their needs and provide them with a better service. Particularly, for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To provide you with privileged access to certain parts of the website. For example, to allow you to use your membership information and see what we hold about you when registering to a Congress or Education program.
We may periodically send emails containing news and information about the association and our events or activities. You can always opt out from receiving these emails by visiting the appropriate page on the website.
Security
We are committed to ensure that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, digital and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information provided while visiting such sites as they are not bound by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Members can always see and modify the information that the EAO holds of them. To verify it, please visit your account.
Sharing your information
We do not and will not sell any of your personal data to any third party, including your name, address, email address, or credit card information.
However, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services:
Providers (communication agencies, website hosts who help us running our business).
Social media sites.
Marketing messages
We will send you marketing messages by email, to keep you aware of what we are up to.
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
You can do this:
through your account settings.
by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any email.
by contacting our EAO team.
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you do not receive any marketing messages.
Your information - Countries outside Europe
We will protect your privacy and your rights through the use of the European Commission's standard data protection clauses. More information about this is available here.
Keeping your information
We will hold on to your information for as long as you have an account, or as long as it is needed to be able to provide you with our services. Thus, in the case of any contact you may have with our team for as long as necessary.
Your rights
You have multiple rights related to your personal information management:
the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used. You can contact our team via email at: info@eao.org.
the right to access the personal information we hold about you. You can contact our team via email at: info@eao.org.
the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you by contacting us at info@eao.org or directly modifying your personal information through your EAO account.
the right to request that we delete your data. You can contact our team via email at: info@eao.org.
the right to unsubscribe from our emailing list by informing us at info@eao.org or you can click here.
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer for our association.
Philippe Brégaint: p.bregaint@eao.org – (+33) 1 42 36 62 20
EAO Office
38, rue croix des petits champs
75001 PARIS
Sign In
Login with Facebook
Login with LinkedIn
OR
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Latest News
more
31/10/2019Healing abutment materials
31/10/2019Aesthetic differences
Calendar
more
The upcoming calendar is currently empty.Click here to view past events and photos »
Online Surveys
Our Mission
As one of the leading associations within the field of implant dentistry in the world, the EAO aims to improve the quality of patient care by bridging the gap between science and clinical practice.
EAO Office
38 rue Croix des Petits Champs, 75001 Paris, France
+33 (0)1 42 36 62 20
info@eao.org
Stay Connected
Find A Dentist
Terms & Conditions   |   Privacy Policy
Membership Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal