https://eastbayaa.org/privacy-policy/
This information is provided to explain our online information practices and the choices you have in the way information is collected and used on this Web site. This page is provided by East Bay Intergroup as a service to the community. It is neither reviewed nor endorsed by Alcoholics Anonymous World Services, Inc. It is our attempt to provide information and support to those suffering from alcoholism in the East Bay community. Linking to another service or website is in no way an endorsement by Alcoholics Anonymous or East Bay Intergroup. Our Website address is https://eastbayaa.org
This privacy policy is applicable to the Sites which are provided and operated by East Bay Intergroup (“us” or “our” or “we”).
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITES.
This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to you and your use of the Sites. Access to the Sites is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions and notices contained herein (collectively, the “Privacy Policy”). In addition, particular features, applications and activities offered as part of the Sites may also be subject to additional privacy terms specified in connection with such features, applications and activities, all of which are incorporated herein by reference.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Information we may collect
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We do not, however, store credit card information. Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Do we use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
You should, and we provide you with the opportunity to, update your previously provided personal information, and you may delete such information.
Access to software applications that are owned and operated by third parties (“Third-Party Applications”) may require you to provide access to your Personal Information to the providers of such Third-Party Applications. In such cases, you will be informed about this either during the registration process, in the terms of use of the Third-Party Application, or in a similar manner. The Third-Party Application provider’s use of your personal information is governed by that third party’s privacy policy. Please note that if you choose to remove a Third-Party Application from your East Bay Intergroup account, this does not necessarily mean that the relevant third party provider will delete Personal Information about you that they have previously received. Please visit the privacy policy of the relevant third party to make sure that you understand how they may use the Personal Information you provide to them. If you do not want such use of your Personal Information, you should not register for or use the applicable Third-Party Application.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can I opt-out, remove or modify my these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given an option to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
Anonymous Information
When you use the Sites, East Bay Intergroup may also collect certain information that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”). For example, East Bay Intergroup may collect information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites (which may include, for example, IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information) and about your use of our website (which may include, for example, a reading history of the pages you view).
Location Based Services
East Bay Intergroup collects geolocation data for purposes of offering relevant content, in particular meeting information. Geolocation data consists of general location information based on latitude and longitude (if the user has enabled location services for an application on the user’s mobile device), or based on the IP address of the user’s computer or mobile device. By using any of the Sites, you consent to East Bay Intergroup collection of this geolocation information.
Use of Cookies
Like many websites, East Bay Intergroup may use “cookies,” which are files stored on your computer’s hard drive that help East Bay Intergroup identify account holders and optimize their website experience, facilitate ordering through the online store, to track Sites usage, and to compile non-personal, aggregate data to improve content and efficiency of use for our website. This information will be used solely to improve our Sites and offerings and to better understand our Sites users. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. East Bay Intergroup recommends that you leave cookies enabled so it can offer you a better website experience. East Bay Intergroup will not drop cookies or other tracking devices that are persistent and/or cannot be erased on an end user’s hard drive.You may occasionally receive cookies from Third-Party Applications. East Bay Intergroup does not control these cookies, and these cookies fall outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Information
We will only disclose your Personal Information collected via the Sites to other companies and individuals as described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose Anonymous Information and any other information that is not Personal Information to other companies and individuals in any manner that East Bay Intergroup deems appropriate or necessary.
Service Providers: East Bay Intergroup occasionally has third-party contractors and agents that provide services to East Bay Intergroup, such as credit card processing, order fulfillment, marketing, database hosting, web analytics, and providing customer service. These entities may have access to Personal Information in order to perform their functions. We do not authorize them to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Legally Compelled Disclosures: East Bay Intergroup may disclose Personal Information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so under law (including under a reasonable interpretation of the law), including, without limitation, in response to court orders and subpoenas.
Emergency Situations: East Bay Intergroup may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to applicable law; (b) protect and defend its rights or property, the Sites or its Users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of East Bay Intergroup, its Users, and others.
Affiliated Entities: We may disclose Personal Information and other information collected from you to our parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates.
Emails
When you request services or products, you may receive emails from us to process your requests or to contact you regarding such. When and if you opt-in (as provided on the Sites) to receive email updates or other notices from us, your address will be used for that purpose only, or to contact you regarding your participation in user surveys, to ask for feedback with respect to the Sites or existing or prospective services. If you wish to be removed from our email list, you can contact us directly through our email address at webmaster@eastbayaa.org or reply to the most recent monthly email and request that your email address be removed.
Third-Party Sites
The Sites may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites. Third party sites may also use tracking technologies by or through the Sites. We have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of such third parties.
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on September 13th, 2020.
These Sites are published in the United States. We make every effort to protect the personal identifiable information of all users of the Sites. We attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the East Bay Intergroup services. If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your Personal Information to East Bay Intergroup.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Service OpportunitiesSERVICEShould we meet in-person?Re-Opening
Upcoming Events
Alameda Women’s Group Christmas Party & Speaker Meeting Tuesday, December 17th AT 1 pm Pacific
Celebrating Marty Mann AA Pioneer (1941) A Sober Women’s Event December 12th from 10 am to 2 pm PST
A Virtual Tour of AA Recovery & History. Sunday, December 13th at 9 am PST, 12 pm EST, 5 pm UK
Eastbay Intergroup Inc. Job Opening for Office Administrator (PAID)
Eastbay Intergroup Beginner’s Committee Presents: You’re in the Right Place! Every Tuesday at 7 pm PDT
Public Information Committee of Eastbay Intergroup 2nd Sundays at 1 PM PST December 13th.
Happy Hour Holiday Party December 19th from 5:30-7 pm.
G.S.O.of Alcoholics Anonymous U.S./Canada Forum December 19th. Register now!
Box 459 from the General Service Office
The Ladies’ Room Every Wednesday at 7:30 pm
NEED REMOTE MEETING HELP?Seventh Tradition for Zoom Meetings FAQ
Meetings Online
Zoom Help
Online Resources
Handling online meeting interruptions (Zoom Bombing)
Managing Meeting Participants
AA and Online anonymity
Of Alcoholics Anonymous
CONTRIBUTE
VENMO
EBI Intergroup@Central-Office
More Info
PAYPAL
East Bay Intergroup, Inc. is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization. Your donation is tax deductible as allowed by law.
English
English Spanish