http://egdg.org/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Home
About
Blog
Contact
Search for:
Categories
General
Painting Service
Recent Posts
Quality
Heating System
Repair Work Service: Maintenance,
Repair service
as well as
Just How to Pick
the very best HVAC
Professional
Arrange Your
Residence for The
Winter Season with
Heater
Fixing McKinney TX
Dead Giveaways
as well as Big Decisions: The Need for Air Conditioning
Repair Work in Frisco TX
Trying to find The ” Finest
Air Conditioning
Fixing Near Me”? We Have The
Service!
Highest quality
Air Conditioning
Fixing in Frisco TX
Tags
Allen Painter
Allen painting
Allen painting contractor
Allen painting contractors
Allen Painting Experts
Frisco painter
Frisco Painting
Frisco painting contractor
Frisco painting contractors
Frisco Painting Experts
McKinney commercial painter
McKinney commercial painting contractor
McKinney house painter
McKinney painting contractors
McKinney Painting Experts
Northeast Dallas painter
Northeast Dallas painting
Northeast Dallas Painting Contractor
Northeast Dallas painting contractors
Northeast Dallas Painting Experts
painting company in Plano
Plano house painting
Plano painting contractors
Plano Painting Experts
Residential Painter in Plano
Important LinksPrivacy
Terms And Conditions
Sitemap
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the [site_url] website (the “Service”) operated by [company_name] (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of [company_name] and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by [company_name].
[company_name]
has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that [company_name] shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.