https://elizabethhospice.org/web-privacy-statement/
833.349.2060
Grief Support
833.349.2054
Hospice Care
Hospice Care
Adults
Veterans
Elizabeth Palliative Care
Pediatric Care
Pediatric Hospice Care
Perinatal Program
Grief Support
Grief Support
Adults
Children
Camp Spero
About
About
News and Events
Workshops and Classes
Volunteering
Ways to Give
Join Our Team
Leadership
Board of Directors
Financials
Service Area
Community Partners
Contact Us
spacer
Give Now
Web Privacy Statement
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of the official Elizabeth Hospice webpages and is in accordance with the following statement.
It is the policy of the Elizabeth Hospice that personal information about citizens will be collected only to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired; that only appropriate information will be collected; that the citizen shall understand the reason the information is collected and be able to examine their personal record which is maintained by a public body.
In addition to the Elizabeth Hospice Web Privacy Statement, specific notices about the collection and use of any personal information associated with pages requesting such information will be available.
What Type of Information is Collected
When you visit the Elizabeth Hospice website we collect various types of information in order to
provide you with improved services.
Non-personal, Usage Data
We collect non-personal data for statistical reporting purposes in order to assess demands and usage to provide you with a better website. This usage data may include information such as:
• Your IP (Internet Protocol) address
• Date and time
• Pages visited and time spent on those pages
• Type of browser and version used
• Referring web page, if present
• Unique device identifiers
• Other diagnostic data
Personal Data
Some Elizabeth Hospice websites require us to collect personal information in order to provide services that you have requested. If you choose to share personal information with us by sending an email message or by filling out an electronic form with personal information, we will use the information only for the purposes you authorized or in support of related programs of Elizabeth Hospice. Should you not desire to provide this personal information, we will be unable to provide you some of the services we offer online.
The Elizabeth Hospice website that collects personal information will include a statement as to the purpose for collecting such personal information and how that information will be used. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
• Email address
• First and last name
• Phone number
• Address, city, state and zip/postal code
Cookies: What Are Cookies and What Do We Do with Them?
Cookies are files with small amounts of data sent from a website and stored on your computer through your web browser. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information, and to improve and analyze our service. Cookies and similar tracking technologies are anonymous identifiers not associated with your personal identity. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on services, to prepare customized web pages and improves services.
The Elizabeth Hospice website uses cookies to identify users and remember information to track a visitor’s path throughout the site to better understand how each person uses our site and what information is most helpful.
Analytics
Elizabeth Hospice may use third party companies, such as Google Analytics, in order to perform analysis on how our services are used. Third parties have access to your data that is collected only to perform the necessary monitoring and analysis for our services.
You can opt-out of having your activity available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visit activity.
Security
The Elizabeth Hospice provides the following security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, consistent with Elizabeth Hospice policies.
Information Disclosure
Any personal information that one chooses to supply will be maintained exclusively within Elizabeth Hospice and will not be supplied to any other non-Elizabeth Hospice entity or organization except as provided by law. Information you provide is only used to provide requested services and for internal statistics.
Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to external (non-Elizabeth Hospice) websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to its site. Elizabeth Hospice is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. We recommend you review the privacy policy of every site that you visit.
Contact Us
You or your representative have the right to express complaints to the Hospice and to the Office of Civil Rights (https://www.hhs.gov/hipaa/filing-a-complaint/index.html) if you or your representative believe that your privacy rights have been violated. To mail a complaint, write to:
Office for Civil Rights-DHHS, 90 7th St., Ste. 4-100, San Francisco, CA 94103.
If you wish to review or change information gathered about you via an official Elizabeth Hospice website, you may contact the Elizabeth HospicePrivacy Official who will assist you in locating the person responsible for the site, so that you may make your request for changes directly with them.