https://emdat.be/copyright-privacy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Follow us:
Menu
Main menu
HomeAboutHistoryCollaborations & ParternshipsStaffPressDatabaseExplanatory NotesClassificationGlossaryGuidelinesConsult the databaseActivitiesTAG MeetingsPress ConferencesOther MeetingsFAQsPublications
Copyright
The EM-DAT website and the EM-DAT database including all its parts (text, photos, illustrations, graphics or infographics, logos, ...) are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world and especially the Belgian law of 30 June 1994 on copyright and the Belgian law of 31 August 1998 on the legal protection of databases. All such rights are reserved.
EM-DAT database was created in 1988 at the Université catholique de Louvain (UCLouvain) by researchers at the Centre de Recherche sur l’Epidemiologie des Désastres – Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED). The database was set up with the support of the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Belgian government. Since 1999, UCLouvain-CRED has received support from the Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance (OFDA) of the US Agency for International Development (USAID).
UCLouvain is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights related to the EM-DAT website and EM-DAT database and the material published on it, including but not limited to the copyright.
The access to the EM-DAT Database is provided that the user who has first to  create a profile and secondly agrees to the EM-DAT terms of use
Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED)
Ecole de Santé Publique, Université catholique de Louvain
UCLouvain © 2009- All Rights Reserved
Privacy
To allow the user to access the EM-DAT database, UCLouvain-CRED has to collect personal data, such as for example the user’s name, surname, address and email address.
UCLouvain-CRED undertakes to use the personal data only for the management of the user’s access rights to the EM-DAT Database.
UCLouvain-CRED undertakes not to disclose the personal data it will be granted access to and not to contravene any relevant provision of privacy law, including but not limited to the following:
- Belgian Privacy Act dated December 8, 1992, on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data, see
https://www.privacycommission.be/sites/privacycommission/files/documents/Privacy_Act_1992.pdf
- Royal Decree dated February 13, 2001 implementing the Act of December 8, 1992 on the protection of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data, see
https://www.privacycommission.be/sites/privacycommission/files/documents/Royal_Decree_2001.pdf
- EU Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
UCLouvain-CRED is committed to implement reasonable measures to ensure that user’s personal data are protected appropriately, taking into account the sensitive nature of the information collected. UCLouvain-CRED uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect user’s data against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of user’s data.
In accordance with legal provisions of privacy law, the user has the right to request access to personal information about him. He has the right to request the update and correction of his personal data. These rights may be exercised by contacting the data manager in writing at the Contact point and through the provision of proof of identity.
Contact point : contact@emdat.be
Home
Twitter Timeline
Contact Us
CRED Network
Newsletter
Tweets by CREDUCL
Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters - CRED
School of Public Health
Université catholique de Louvain
Clos Chapelle-aux-Champs, Bte B1.30.15
1200 Brussels, Belgium
Phone: +32 (0)2.764.33.27
Fax: +32 (0)2.764.34.41
Email: contact@emdat.be
CRED
CE-DAT
MICRODIS
emBRACE
MICROCON
UCLouvain
APHES
Keep up with our news and views
Sign Up...
copyright UCLouvain 2009 | contact
Zircon - This is a contributing Drupal ThemeDesign by WeebPal.