http://emphysemafoundation.org/index.php/about-uss/privacy
National Emphysema Foundation (NEF)
Skip to content
Jump to main navigation and login
Nav view search
Navigation
Search
HOMETHE LUNGCOPD / EmphysemaAdvice for COPD/Emphysema Patients from Dr. PettyAsthmaInterstitial Lung DiseasePREVENTION SmokingPollution and the EnvironmentOccupational Health HazardsEarly DetectionLIVING with COPDTherapeutic ToolboxMedicationsTrendsVideosTravel InformationOther Sources (links)HEALTHY HABITS ExerciseNutritionQuitting Smoking NEWS and EVENTSNewsEventsArchivesABOUT USOur MissionWho We AreSupport the NEFPrivacyContact Us
jtemplate.ru - free templates joomla
Privacy
National Emphysema Foundation is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the National Emphysema Foundation Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the National Emphysema Foundation website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
National Emphysema Foundation MAY collect at some point in time in the future personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. National Emphysema Foundation may also collect at some point in time in the future anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that could be at some point in time in the future automatically collected by National Emphysema Foundation. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by National Emphysema Foundation for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the National Emphysema Foundation Web site.
National Emphysema Foundation encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from National Emphysema Foundation so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. National Emphysema Foundation is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the National Emphysema Foundation and National Emphysema Foundation family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
National Emphysema Foundation could at some point in the future collect and use your personal information to operate the National Emphysema Foundation Web site and deliver the services you have requested. National Emphysema Foundation could also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from National Emphysema Foundation and its affiliates. National Emphysema Foundation could at some point in the future also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
National Emphysema Foundation will NOT sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. National Emphysema Foundation does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
National Emphysema Foundation keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within National Emphysema Foundation, in order to determine what National Emphysema Foundation services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within National Emphysema Foundation to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
National Emphysema Foundation Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on National Emphysema Foundation or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of National Emphysema Foundation; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of National Emphysema Foundation, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The National Emphysema Foundation Web site could use "cookies" at some point in time in the future to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize National Emphysema Foundation pages, or register with National Emphysema Foundation site or services, a cookie helps National Emphysema Foundation to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same National Emphysema Foundation Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the National Emphysema Foundation features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the National Emphysema Foundation services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
National Emphysema Foundation will make all efforts to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure through its online payment vendor pay pal. National Emphysema Foundation secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
National Emphysema Foundation will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect the foundations web site offerings and customer feedback. National Emphysema Foundation encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how National Emphysema Foundation is protecting your information.
Contact Information
National Emphysema Foundation welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that National Emphysema Foundation has not adhered to this Statement, please contact National Emphysema Foundation at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Current News Articles
November 16, 2020
Sleep apnea is a condition that causes people to stop breathing and ga...
November 09, 2020
Living a healthy lifestyle that includes regular exercise and abstinen...
November 02, 2020
Asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) have similar s...
October 26, 2020
A diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) can be a s...
October 12, 2020
Hyperexpanded lungs, which occur when air sacs break down and become e...
Copyright © 2020, National Emphysema Foundation, all rights reserved
home
site map
privacy policy
disclaimer
developed by Turn Orange Ltd