https://endometriosisassn.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Any personal information provided to the Association, including information submitted through forms on this website, is held in the strictest confidence. Contact information, which is entered into the Association’s database, is accessible only to staff members of the Association, and only when necessary to carry out their assigned duties. The Association may use this information to contact you by email or U.S. Postal Service or by phone. No information of any medical or health nature is recorded by the Association. Personal information is never shared with anyone else without your express permission. The Association never shares, rents, or sells any such information or lists. This privacy policy applies worldwide.
The Website of the Endometriosis Association
This website is intended to provide general and introductory information on endometriosis and the Endometriosis Association for anyone interested in the disease. Nothing on this website is meant to replace the advice of a healthcare professional. The information provided on www.EndometriosisAssn.org is designed to complement, not replace, the relationship between a patient and his/her own physician.
The Association
The Endometriosis Association is an international organization of women and families with endo, doctors and scientists, and others interested in exchanging information about the disease, offering mutual support and help to those affected by endo, educating the public and medical community about the disease, and promoting and conducting research related to endo.
The Endometriosis Association, Inc. is designated by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3) charitable organization. Donations to the Association are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. The Endometriosis Association (Canada), Inc. is a registered Canadian charity, authorized to issue Canadian tax receipts.
Endometriosis Association International Headquarters
8585 N. 76th Place
Milwaukee, WI 53223 USA
(414) 355-2200
support@EndometriosisAssn.org