https://endodc.com/internet-privacy-policy/
See the Steps We Are Taking to Keep You Safe from COVID-19 >>
Go
(202) 640-1426
Directions
Make a Payment
Request an Appointment
Internet Privacy Policy This Statement discloses the Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) for the Sites and describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from visitors to our Sites. AmSurg has created this Policy in order to demonstrate and inform you of our firm commitment to privacy.
This Policy applies only to information collected through the Sites and not to information collected offline or through any other websites (even if affiliated with AmSurg).
Last updated and effective as of July 13, 2010.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
There are two kinds of information websites can obtain about you:
(1) Anonymous Information: “Anonymous Information” is aggregate data that websites use to administer their sites. It may include such information as your browser type or your Internet Protocol (IP) address. AmSurg may from time to time retain third parties to help us collect and aggregate Site customer information.
IP Addresses. An IP address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Sites, avoid hacking attacks on a Site’s server, and may use it to gather broad demographic, geographic, and industry information. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information, even if such information is voluntarily provided by a user.
Cookie Information. As is the case with many websites, our Sites may use a technology called “cookies”, which are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet, and allows us to tailor your visits to our Sites to your individual preferences. We may also contract with third party service providers who assign cookies and/or web beacons to conduct site tracking for us. These companies use cookies solely to provide us with aggregate data about Site traffic. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser to prevent cookies or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on our Sites.
(2) Personally Identifiable Information: “Personally Identifiable Information” is any information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or your telephone number. Sometimes this personal information is needed when you submit a resume or when you contact us via email or online forms. We may ask you to provide us with personal information on a voluntary basis in certain areas of our Sites. In particular, you may be asked to provide the following information:
Email Correspondence. Scattered throughout the Sites are links or forms that can be used to contact AmSurg so you can comment, make a complaint, make suggestions and ask questions. Your contact information, such as name, address, email address and telephone number may be required on these forms so we can address our answer in a mannerly way. AmSurg may put such information on file, but does not currently share, sell, license or transmit this information with third parties without express authorization from you.
Newsletters and Other Communications. We offer visitors to the Sites the opportunity to sign up to receive newsletters or other email communications from the Sites. In order to sign up for these communications, we may ask for contact information, such as name, address and email address. We also may offer the opportunity for you to receive mailings from our partners that we think may be of interest to you.
Forums and Public Comments. The Sites include several opportunities for you to post or upload public comments. Please note that such comments are intended to be publicly shared and any information you include in such comments may be made available through a Site.
Social Networks. The Sites from time to time offers the opportunity to publicly comment or share information through the use of third party social media services and social networks (i.e. Twitter or Facebook). The Sites may also enable you to post content from some of our sites to your profile on such networks. These networks should authenticate your identity and allow you to post and share certain personal information with their sites. Should you provide information in connection with these services, your username may also be required and made publicly available. Please be aware that the privacy policy of that site will apply to any content you provide in such instances.
HOW WE USE GATHERED INFORMATION
The information you share with us may be used in a few ways:
(1) Anonymous Information: Anonymous Information is used internally for Site administration, troubleshooting and to help improve the quality of the Sites and their design. We may share such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers. We never connect aggregate information with Personally Identifiable Information, and none of the Anonymous Information we share will contain any information that identifies you individually.
(2) Personally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information collected by AmSurg may be used for purposes including administration of the Sites and communications with you. In all cases, however, we will only use your information as permitted by law and our applicable contracts. In addition, we may from time to time contract with third parties to assist us in maintaining and managing our customer information. In such instances, we advise these companies not to retain, store, share, or use Personally Identifiable Information for any secondary purposes. We also may disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights and property; (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of a Site; or (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. Please note that we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
Opt-out
We support the right of our visitors to choose. You will be given the right to opt-out of receiving any promotional materials about AmSurg whenever you are asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information on the Sites. If you do not opt-out at that time, but later decide that you do not wish to receive future communications of this nature you can contact us at communications@amsurg.com or at the address provided below, indicating that you no longer want to receive information relating to a Site.
Access and Correction
You have certain rights to know about the Personally Identifiable Information that AmSurg holds about you and gathered through the Sites, including the right to correct, amend or delete the information that AmSurg has on file if it is incorrect. If you wish to exercise these rights please contact us by email or postal mail at the addresses below.
SECURITY
This Site incorporates safeguards to protect the security, integrity and privacy of the personal information we have collected. We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just “surfing.”
Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that your email, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet communications, may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email to communicate information to us that you consider confidential. While we strive to protect your personal information, AmSurg cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the Sites. Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived. If you wish, you may contact us instead via telephone at the numbers provided throughout our Sites.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THROUGH BUSINESS TRANSFERS
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, and in so doing, acquire customer information. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Similarly, in the event that a portion or substantially all of AmSurg’s assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including Personally Identifiable Information) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. The Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) defines a “Child” as anyone under the age of 13. AmSurg strictly adheres to COPPA. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information obtained through our Sites from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Sites are structured to attract anyone under 13.
EXTERNAL LINKS
The Sites may provide links to various websites that we do not control. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our Sites and connected to the website of the organization or company that you selected. We are not responsible for the nature, quality or accuracy of the content or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for quality, accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked website on the Sites does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked website by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products or services provided on these websites. Even if an affiliation exists between AmSurg or our Sites and a third-party website, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. While AmSurg expects its partners and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users, AmSurg cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. If you visit a website that is linked to from our Sites, we encourage you to consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information and whenever interacting with any website.
Consent and Modifications to Privacy Statement
The Sites are controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. By using a Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through the Sites. This Policy and the use of the Sites are governed by Tennessee law. Any claim related to the Sites or this Policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Nashville, Tennessee, within one year after the claim arises. Users of the Sites consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Policy. This Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the California Civil Code, residents of the State of California that have provided any Personally Identifiable Information to AmSurg have the right to request a list of all third parties to which AmSurg has disclosed Personally Identifiable Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if AmSurg has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of Personally Identifiable Information by third parties (such as advertisers or affiliated companies) for marketing purposes, AmSurg may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options. AmSurg qualifies for the alternative option; it has established this Policy that provides you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by third parties for direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please send a request to communications@amsurg.com with a preference on how our response to your request should be sent.
Modifications To Privacy Policy
AmSurg may modify this Policy at any time, at its discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on the Sites. You are responsible for reviewing this Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it.
ACCOUNT REVISIONS, REVOKING AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We welcome your questions, comments and all feedback pertaining to your privacy or any other issue with regard to the Sites.
At any time, you may ask us to cease further use of your email address to send you correspondence, and direct us to delete any Personally Identifiable Information you have supplied. Although it is not always possible to remove or modify such information, we will make reasonable efforts to do so. If you have given us information for one of those third parties we mentioned above and we have already passed it on, we may not be able to delete or change the information.
In the event that you have given us Personally Identifiable Information in the past and then have second thoughts or want to update it, or if you have any other questions regarding this Policy or the Sites, you may contact us at:
Address:
AMSURG Corp.
1A Burton Hills Blvd.
Nashville, TN 37215
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of California, this following information and rights are provided to you as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
A. Personal Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, NPI #, or other similar identifiers.
B. Financial Information
Debit card, credit card, or bank account information.
C. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history,  reference checks, malpractice history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
D. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data.
Financial Information covered by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and implementing regulations.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from activity on our website.  For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically. Indirectly from you when you visit and interact with our website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To improve our website and present its contents to you.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.  When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A – Personal Identifiers
Category C – Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute
Category D – Internet or other similar network activity
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates
Service providers
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
Sale of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you any of the following, as requested:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we disclosed your personal information and identify the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Comply with a legal obligations.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your Rights under CCPA
If you wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1(877)-835-5267
Website: https://www.evhc.net/site/privacy
Email: Complianceconcerns@envisionhealth.com
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.