https://entdoctordenver.com/privacy-policy/
Mile High Otolaryngology is open for business and committed to your health and safety. For more information about Covid-19:Learn More
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://entdoctordenver.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection and Use
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to your request, or contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about products or services on our site in which you have expressed interest, new products or services, or other items of interest, such as changes to this privacy policy.
Sharing Information
We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who we have engaged to help us provide the services. In each case, we will ensure that these third parties have agreed not to use or disclose your personal information except to help us provide the services.
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic patterns and related site information. These data reflect site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month, but they do not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information.
To help us determine the effectiveness of advertising, we work with Web analytics tools hosted by third parties who receive non-identifiable information from your browser, including but not limited to the site or the advertisement you came from, your IP address, your general geographic location, your browser and platform information, and the pages you view within our site.
Access to and Control of Information
You may opt out of future contact from us at any time. You can correct, delete, or update your information at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website. If you no longer wish to receive promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by contacting us at the contact information listed on the website.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
We reserve the right to make periodic updates and revisions to the Policy. Any changes will be posted on this page. Please check this page to review whether any changes have been made to the Policy.
About Us
Overview
Our Team
Reviews
Ear
Overview
Ear Services
Overview
Acoustic Neuromas
Cholesteatoma
Ear Infections
Ear Tubes
Meniere’s Disease
Otosclerosis
Pediatrics
Perforated Ear Drums
Surfer’s Ear
Swimmer’s Ear
Ear Wax Removal
Audiology
Overview
Custom Earmolds
Ear Protection
Hearing Evaluations
Hearing Loss
Pediatrics
Tinnitus
Hearing
Overview
Assistive Listening Devices
Choosing a Hearing Aid
Hearing Aid Accessories
Hearing Aid Repairs
Hearing Aid Styles
Hearing Aid Batteries
Balance & Vertigo
Overview
Balance Disorders
Balance Testing
BPPV
Dizziness & Vertigo
Re-Positioning Maneuver (Epley)
Vestibular Testing
Vestibular Neuronitis
VNG (ENG)
Nose
Overview
Nasal Services
Overview
Balloon Sinuplasty
Chronic Rhinitis
Deviated Septum
Endoscopic Sinus Surgery
Hay Fever
Loss of Smell
Nasal Fracture
Nasal Obstruction
Nasal Polyps
Nasal & Sinus Surgery
Nose Bleeds
Pediatrics
Sinus Infections
ClariFix
Vivaer®
RhinAer®
Allergy
Overview
Allergy Symptoms
Allergy Testing
Food Allergies
Non-Pharmacologic Therapy
Snoring
Elevoplasty
Throat
Overview
Head & Neck Masses
Hoarseness
Reflux
Sleep Apnea
Swallowing Disorders
Thyroid
Throat Cancer
Tonsils & Adenoids
Vocal Cords
Patient Resources
Overview
Patient Forms
Hospital Packet
Contact Us
Allergies
Balloon Sinuplasty
Hearing Aids
Sinus Questionnaire
REQUEST A VISIT
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Message
Please prove you are human by selecting the Plane.
Arvada Office
6870 W. 52nd Ave., Suite 207
Arvada, CO 80002
M-F: 8:30am-5pm
CALL
SHOW MAP
Westminster Office
12207 Pecos St., Suite 100
Westminster, CO 80234
T-W: 8:30am-5pm
CALL
SHOW MAP