http://epilepsy.org.nz/privacy-security-policy
About Us
Where Are We
Auckland
Canterbury / West Coast
Hawkes Bay / Gisborne
Lakes / Eastern Bay of Plenty
National Support Centre
Northland
Otago
Southland
Taranaki
Waikato / Coromandel
Wanganui / Manawatu
Wellington
Western Bay of Plenty
What do we do?
Seminars and Support Groups
News
Contact Us
Referral Form
Support Us !
Fundraiser
Partners
Volunteer
Special Thanks
Purple Pharmacy Award
Become Involved
Membership
Join Us
Client Membership
Regular Membership
Members Area
Members
64th AGM
News for Members
Annual Reports
ENZ Constitution
Meeting Minutes
Account Infomation
Help
Staff
Staff News
Information Sheets
Staff Downloads
Health and Safety
Epilepsy New Zealand Policies
Online Store
Learn More Information About Epilepsy
Research
Awareness
Living with Epilepsy
Information
About Epilepsy
Information for Professionals
Epilepsy and Teaching
Services
Epilepsy FAQ
Frequent Questions & Answers
Publications & Information Material
Epilepsy brochures
Tautikanga Ora Series
Seizure Smart this Summer
Epilepsy Across the Ages
Epilepsy and Babies
Epilepsy and Newborn Babies
Lifestyle Management
Epilepsy and Children
Lifestyle Management
Epilepsy and Children
Epilepsy and Teens
Alcohol
Driving
Epilepsy and Teens
Lifestyle Management
Preparing for Employment
Epilepsy and Adults
Men
Women
Epilepsy and Women
Alcohol
Driving
The Menstrual Cycle
Preparing for Employment
Planning for a Baby
Lifestyle Management
Caring for your Baby / Toddler
Contraception
Fertility
Hormones
Epilepsy and Men
Alcohol
Driving
Preparing for Employment
Lifestyle Management
Sexuality
Starting a Family
Resources
Publications
Useful Links
Site Map
Charity Profile
Showing 0 of 0 items added
Checkout
Freephone: 0800 37 45 37
0800 37 45 37
11th December 2020
Covid-19 and Epilepsy
Information about Covid-19 for people with epilepsy.
Learn More
FIRST AID
Know what to do when a seizure happens in front of you.
Learn More
DONATE NOW
We rely heavily on community support to achieve our goal.
Learn More
LEAVE A LEGACY
A bequest is an easy way to support Epilepsy New Zealand.
Learn More
FUNDRAISER
We need your help! If you're
interested in fundraising
for us, register today!
Learn More
Home
Privacy & Security Policy
Privacy & Security Policy
Epilepsy Association of New Zealand Inc, also trading as Epilepsy New Zealand is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website. Any information we collect about you is used to improve our site and its service to you, providing you with a more useful experience.
We collect two types of information on our website:
Web Traffic Information
This information is statistical data used to determine the number of visits to our website, the pages that are visited most, how long a visitor stays on the site, and where the traffic comes from. The information is aggregate and does not identify individual users.
Personal information
We only collect email addresses and other personal contact information when it is provided by you. This may happen in one or more of the following ways:
When you sign up as a Member:- we have a sign-up form through which we collect and store your email address on a secure database.
When you register for an event:- An event we hold may require registration through our website. If the event is held throughout the country with various Epilepsy organisations, your registration information may be directed to the corresponding organisation as selected by you for participation. This information may include, but is not limited to; your email, phone number and name.
When you make an online donation:- Your full name, address, email address and phone number may be collected in order to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes and to include you on Epilepsy NZ’s mailing list. We do not keep a record of any financial or credit card details.
When you use a referral form:- When you fill a form to refer yourself, or a person with epilepsy, to an Epilepsy organisation then those details are kept only with the organisation selected. It is required that when entering information on behalf of another individual, you have the permission or the legal right to do so.
Your Privacy
All personal information provided to us is maintained in a secure database, accessed and managed only by those who are authorised to do so. The information is used to facilitate future communication and interaction with you. We do not disclose, sell, trade or rent your personal information to any outside parties. However, we may share your contact information with companies that work on our behalf so that we can continue to effectively provide our services to you, disclose information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property or safety.
Security of Information
Our suppliers of website service ensure strict security measures are in place to ensure the safety of your personal information. Any information provided to Epilepsy NZ by users of the Epilepsy NZ site is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy, or in ways to which you have not explicitly consented. Our suppliers and Epilepsy New Zealand employ a range of techniques and security measures to protect the information maintained on our system from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, Epilepsy NZ assumes no responsibility for the security of information. Users should be aware that there is a residual risk in transmitting any data electronically, and this risk is inherent in all internet dealings.
Mailing List
If you do not wish to receive any more correspondence from us, or wish to have your details changed or corrected, then please send Epilepsy Association of New Zealand Inc an email at any time - national@epilepsy.org.nz
Updating your personal information
If any of your personal information changes, you agree to notify us promptly, either by logging into epilepsy.org.nz and updating your details in your profile, or by contacting us at national@epilepsy.org.nz.
Show Your Support
Shop Online
Or
Donate Today