https://epilepsyservicesnj.org/terms-of-use/
Facebook
Twitter
Events Calendar
Contact
Terms of Use
Policy: Website Terms of Use and Conditions
Epilepsy Services of New Jersey
Purpose: Please read these terms of use carefully before using https://epilepsyservicesnj.org/ website (Site) operated by Epilepsy Services of New Jersey (ESNJ). Every time you visit this website, you accept the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws.  By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Epilepsy Services of New Jersey are superseded and of no force or effect. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
CONDITIONS OF USE
Epilepsy Services of New Jersey maintains this Site (www.epilepsyservicesnj.org) for your personal information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without written consent from Epilepsy Services of New Jersey.
PRIVACY POLICY
Before you continue using our website, we advise you to read our privacy policy regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.
COPYRIGHT
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site, including “Epilepsy Services of New Jersey” are registered and unregistered Trademarks of ESNJ and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Epilepsy Services of New Jersey or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that ESNJ will fully aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of Epilepsy Services of New Jersey. ESNJ neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with ESNJ.
Images of people, places or objects displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, ESNJ.  The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
COMMUNICATIONS
Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
APPLICABLE LAW
Software from this Site is further subject to United States Export Controls. No software from this Site may be downloaded or exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (ii) anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
DISPUTES AND LIABILITIES
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither ESNJ nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. ESNJ also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
While ESNJ uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, we make no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. ESNJ assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Site content.
The information contained in the Site is not intended to replace, and should not be interpreted or relied upon as, professional advice, whether medical or otherwise. Accordingly, please consult your own professional for all advice concerning medical, legal or financial matters or the like which may be located in, or transmitted in connection with, the Site. ESNJ assumes no liability of any kind for the content of any information transmitted to or received by any individual/entity in connection with such individual/entity’s use of the Site, and Epilepsy Services of New Jersey does not endorse or recommend any such information.
Epilepsy Services of New Jersey has not reviewed all the websites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-Site pages or any other websites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-Site pages or other websites is at your own risk.
COMMENTS, REVIEWS, AND EMAILS
Any message submitted, posted or emailed to the Blog, Events, Stories, Message Boards, or Feedback sections of the Site is public, and ESNJ may use such messages in furtherance of its corporate purposes including, but not limited to, compiling databases and developing promotional materials, testimonial materials and responses to inquiries. In consideration of your posting messages to the aforementioned sections of the Site, you agree that your messages will not be untruthful, offensive, obscene, defamatory, discriminatory, unlawful, or violative of the intellectual property rights of a third party. ESNJ reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify and/or remove any message, submitted, posted or emailed to these sections of the Site that ESNJ deems to be not in the best interests of ESNJ or the people ESNJ serves.
Although Epilepsy Services of New Jersey may from time to time monitor or review, chats, postings, transmissions, and the like on the Site, Epilepsy Services of New Jersey is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. ESNJ will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing ESNJ to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials
Epilepsy Services of New Jersey reserves the right (but is not obligated) to delete, move or edit postings that it, in its sole discretion, deems threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane or in violation of copyright or trademark laws, or otherwise inappropriate.
USER ACCOUNT
If you are an owner of an account on the Site, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
ESNJ reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole
Epilepsy Services of New Jersey may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Updated June 10, 2020
© The Family Resource Network 2020
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset