http://epilepsy.org.nz/terms-and-conditions
About Us
Where Are We
Auckland
Canterbury / West Coast
Hawkes Bay / Gisborne
Lakes / Eastern Bay of Plenty
National Support Centre
Northland
Otago
Southland
Taranaki
Waikato / Coromandel
Wanganui / Manawatu
Wellington
Western Bay of Plenty
What do we do?
Seminars and Support Groups
News
Contact Us
Referral Form
Support Us !
Fundraiser
Partners
Volunteer
Special Thanks
Purple Pharmacy Award
Become Involved
Membership
Join Us
Client Membership
Regular Membership
Members Area
Members
64th AGM
News for Members
Annual Reports
ENZ Constitution
Meeting Minutes
Account Infomation
Help
Staff
Staff News
Information Sheets
Staff Downloads
Health and Safety
Epilepsy New Zealand Policies
Online Store
Learn More Information About Epilepsy
Research
Awareness
Living with Epilepsy
Information
About Epilepsy
Information for Professionals
Epilepsy and Teaching
Services
Epilepsy FAQ
Frequent Questions & Answers
Publications & Information Material
Epilepsy brochures
Tautikanga Ora Series
Seizure Smart this Summer
Epilepsy Across the Ages
Epilepsy and Babies
Epilepsy and Newborn Babies
Lifestyle Management
Epilepsy and Children
Lifestyle Management
Epilepsy and Children
Epilepsy and Teens
Alcohol
Driving
Epilepsy and Teens
Lifestyle Management
Preparing for Employment
Epilepsy and Adults
Men
Women
Epilepsy and Women
Alcohol
Driving
The Menstrual Cycle
Preparing for Employment
Planning for a Baby
Lifestyle Management
Caring for your Baby / Toddler
Contraception
Fertility
Hormones
Epilepsy and Men
Alcohol
Driving
Preparing for Employment
Lifestyle Management
Sexuality
Starting a Family
Resources
Publications
Useful Links
Site Map
Charity Profile
Showing 0 of 0 items added
Checkout
Freephone: 0800 37 45 37
0800 37 45 37
11th December 2020
Covid-19 and Epilepsy
Information about Covid-19 for people with epilepsy.
Learn More
FIRST AID
Know what to do when a seizure happens in front of you.
Learn More
DONATE NOW
We rely heavily on community support to achieve our goal.
Learn More
LEAVE A LEGACY
A bequest is an easy way to support Epilepsy New Zealand.
Learn More
FUNDRAISER
We need your help! If you're
interested in fundraising
for us, register today!
Learn More
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions form a legal contract between you and Epilepsy Association of New Zealand Incorporated (Epilepsy New Zealand) for your use of the Epilepsy New Zealand website, epilepsy.org.nz.
By using epilepsy.org.nz, you accept these terms and conditions. When you purchase a membership, products or services, you accept the general terms of use, and the specific conditions that apply to membership. You may wish to print this page for your reference.
You should read these terms and conditions in conjunction with our Privacy and Security policy.
General Terms
Your rights of use
You access and use epilepsy.org.nz provided you comply with these terms and conditions. In the event there was more than a minor breach of these terms and conditions, we reserve the right to cancel your access to epilepsy.org.nz.
Liability Disclaimer:  Please address all queries to national@epilepsy.org.nz.
You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of epilepsy.org.nz in any way.
No commercial use policy
Our reports and information may not be used in advertising or for any other commercial purpose without our express permission.
Copyright
Epilepsy NZ owns the copyright for all content on epilepsy.org.nz, unless stated otherwise.
Reproducing material
All users are allowed to view and copy free materials from epilepsy.org.nz for their own personal use. Members are also allowed to view and copy member-only material for their own personal use.
Any other reproduction (including by electronic means) of epilepsy.org.nz or any of our other publications, in whole or in part, is forbidden without our written permission. Please address requests to national@epilepsy.org.nz.
Errors and updates
We reserve the right to add or remove material, and correct errors. If you find any errors on any part of epilepsy.org.nz, please report them to national@epilepsy.org.nz.
Email communications
All new Epilepsy NZ members are opted in to receive email marketing communications.
You may choose to remove yourself from any email newsletter group by following the "unsubscribe" prompt at the bottom of each email or by updating your preferences in your profile.
Links to other sites
Links within epilepsy.org.nz are provided for your information. We do not endorse and have not verified any of the information available through the use of any third party link found within epilepsy.org.nz. We accept no liability for any loss caused as a result of any information or opinion contained in any third party link found within epilepsy.org.nz.
Linking to epilepsy.org.nz
If you wish to link to our website, you must comply with certain requirements. For a list of these requirements, and to request a link to epilepsy.org.nz, please email us at national@epilepsy.org.nz.
No liability for damage
We will use our best efforts to keep epilepsy.org.nz free from viruses and errors. However, to the maximum extent permitted by law, we do not accept liability for any damage or loss caused to your computer hardware, software, internet connections or other peripherals as a result of your use of epilepsy.org.nz.
Complaints
If you have any complaints about the epilepsy.org.nz service, please contact the CEO of Epilepsy Association of New Zealand at ceo@epilepsy..org.nz or call our national office on +64 7 834 3556.
Changes to terms and conditions
We may change these terms and conditions at any time. Each time you use epilepsy.org.nz you are agreeing to the terms and conditions applicable at that time. We provide a link to these terms and conditions at the bottom of our home page of the epilepsy.org.nz.
Jurisdiction
The laws of New Zealand apply to these terms and conditions. Any dispute arising in relation to these terms and conditions will be resolved in accordance with New Zealand law.
Consumer Guarantees Act
Nothing in these terms and conditions limits your rights under the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993.
Contacting us
Please address any questions or complaints to our Chief Executive Officer at CEO@epilepsy.org.nz.
Contact Details are:
Epilepsy Association of New Zealand
6 Vialou St., PO Box 1074
Hamilton 3240, New Zealand
Phone: +64 7 834 3556
Membership The following membership options are available at epilepsy.org.nz:
Financial membership. An annual membership subscription paid via epilepsy.org.nz, enables 12 month membership from date of payment giving you:
access to vote at our general meetings
receive a copy of special reports
various benefits and privileges that may be publicised as being available to members from time to time
invitations to scheduled seminars, educational programs and social event.
Prices
All prices are stated in New Zealand dollars (NZD), and include Goods and Services Tax (GST) unless otherwise stated.
Price changes
We reserve the right to increase our fees or to introduce new prices for our products and services at any time.
Methods of payment
Payment for all purchases made online is by credit card only. Your account will be charged in NZD.
Credit card details are not handled or stored by us; they are captured directly by a PCI DSS compliant payment provider.
Privacy and security
All personal information we collect about you is stored securely.
To read more about our security, read our Privacy & Security policy. We will keep all your personal information confidential. We will not sell any of your personal information to a third party without your permission. But we may share your contact information with companies that work on our behalf so that we can continue to effectively provide our services to you.
For more information about how we use and store your personal information, please read our Privacy & Security policy.
Your username and password
As part of the registration process, you will be issued a username and password. You will use your username and password to gain access to restricted parts of epilepsy.org.nz.
Access Rights to Members Area
Only current financial members, or Life Members of Epilepsy New Zealand may be granted access to the Members Area.
Epilepsy New Zealand holds the final right to grant or deny access to the Members Area to any member without prior notice.
Epilepsy New Zealand reserves the right, in its sole discretion to terminate your access to the epilepsy.org.nz website and related services or any portion thereof without notice.
Security and unauthorised use
You must keep your username and password confidential. You are responsible for ensuring there is no unauthorised use of epilepsy.org.nz under your username and password.
You agree to notify us promptly if you:
Suspect unauthorised use of your epilepsy.org.nz access; or
Know or suspect loss or disclosure of your username or password.
Loyalty prize draw
The loyalty prize draw is drawn every two months. You can only be in the loyalty prize draw once and you must be a paid member of Epilepsy Association of New Zealand Inc for the entire two month period prior to the draw. The prize winner will be picked randomly. The prize draw will take place within 7 working days of each prize draw closing. The judge's decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. If the winner is not contactable within 3 days of the prize draw taking place, the prize may withdrawn. Prizes cannot be exchanged for cash.
The prize draw is open only to Paid up financial Epilepsy New Zealand members who are New Zealand residents. It excludes free members, members with an overseas address, business members, and Epilepsy NZ employees and their immediate families.
RETURN/REFUND AND CANCELLATION POLICIES
Cancelling your membership
You may cancel your membership at any time.
To do this, call national Office +64 7 834 3556 or email national@epilepsy.org.nz.
Faulty Product/ Product Return
Please contact National Office email: national@epilepsy.org.nz or phone +64 7 834 3556 to advise details of faulty product or product you wish to return before undertaking any action. Products must be returned in original, sealed condition.
Refund
Subject to the Consumers Guarantee Act, Epilepsy Association has a ‘no refund’ policy.
Refund of Credit Card Payment
If your Credit Card has been over charged, in the first instance please email national@epilepsy.org.nz or phone +64 7 834 3556 providing details so as appropriate arrangements can be made with credit card processing supplier to refund overcharged portion.
Delivery Policy
Delivery of merchandise orders are undertaken within 7 days of receipt of payment. Products are generally delivered via NZ POST. If you have any queries, please contact National Office email: national@epilepsy.org.nz or phone +64 7 834 3556 in the first instance.
Changes to this policy
If Epilepsy NZ decides to make any changes to this policy, then those will be added directly to this statement.
External Sites
Where appropriate, we have provided links to external sites which we believe are at your benefit. Epilepsy NZ is not responsible for the content or condition of any external links on the site.
For more information please contact us directly at national@epilepsy.org.nz
Show Your Support
Shop Online
Or
Donate Today