https://equitationscience.com/policies/privacy-policy
Sign up now to receive ISES news and updates
ISES occasionally will send you press releases, information about ISES Conferences, and other ISES related activities.
All subscription data is 100% confidential and not shared with third parties. Our Privacy Statement can be viewed here.
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy the Internation Society of Equitation Science (ISES) provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, ISES makes a link to it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information ISES Collects
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on ISES websites. All information marked with an asterisk (*) is required for a particular service.
Our site https://equitationscience.com/ requires you to provide some personal information when requesting ISES membership and services. All of the information collected during registration is strictly confidential. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Your Name*
Billing Address(es)*
Email address*
Other personal information relative to conference service provision
Your IP address may also be logged. IP addresses may be used in fraud prevention and/or to prosecute perpetrators of fraud or other abuses.
The Way ISES Uses Information
ISES uses the information you provide about yourself when providing services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete service provision.
ISES uses return email addresses to answer ISES information requests, and to send out information newsletters if you have indicated that you wish to receive these. All newsletters sent provide you with the ability to opt-out from receiving such newsletters. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with any of our web sites if you would like to use our services or receive newsletters from ISES. Information you submit on our websites will not be used for any other purpose.
Finally, ISES never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
The ISES Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, ISES has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information ISES collects online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that ISES collects online and maintains by sending us an email requesting this data. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, contact us – click here.
Back