https://excelsportspt.com/terms-of-use/
REQUEST APPOINTMENT >>
Pay Now
FREE SCREENING
Terms of Use
Terms of Service for https://excelsportspt.com
Introduction
Welcome to https://excelsportspt.com/. This website is owned and operated by Excel Sports & Physical Therapy. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as ‘User Agreement’), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section below for more information).
This agreement is in effect as of July 1, 2018.
We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions.
Responsible Use and Conduct
By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as ‘Resources’), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines.
Wherein, you understand that:
a. In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date.
b. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s.
c. Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means.
d. Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited.
e. Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited.
f. You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.
g. We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:
i. Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;
ii. Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party;
Iii. Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;
Iiii. Impersonates any person or entity, including any https://excelsportspt.com/ employees or representatives.
We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us.
h. We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn’t violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of Peak Performance Clinics, and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display and/or distribute as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.
i. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Excel Sports & Physical Therapy and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we’ve created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your private information. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here.
Limitation of Warranties
By using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are “as is” and “as available”. This means that we do not represent or warrant to you that:
i) the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements.
ii) the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors.
iii) the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable, and
iv) any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.
Furthermore, you understand and agree that:
v) any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content.
vi) no information or advice, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from Excel Sports & Physical Therapy or through any Resources we provide shall create any warranty, guarantee, or conditions of any kind, except for those expressly outlined in this User Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
In conjunction with the Limitation of Warranties as explained above, you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid, if any, for use of products and/or services. Excel Sports & Physical Therapy will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary loss or damages which may be incurred by you as a result of using our Resources, or as a result of any changes, data loss or corruption, cancellation, loss of access, or downtime to the full extent that applicable limitation of liability laws apply.
Copyrights/Trademarks
All content and materials available on http://bordertherapy.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images and logos are the intellectual property of Excel Sports & Physical Therapy, and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by Excel Sports & Physical Therapy.
Termination of Use
You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information.
Governing Law
This website is controlled by Excel Sports & Physical Therapy. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. By accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of our state, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site.
Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
Guarantee
UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, Excel Sports & Physical Therapy EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
This site does not provide medical advice
The contents of this website, such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from licensors, and other material contained on the Site (“Content”) are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
Always seek the advice of your physical therapist, your physician or other qualified health providers with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, treatment, stretches or exercises. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website.
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. We do not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, stretches, exercise, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by this website is solely at your own risk.
Notice and takedown procedures; and copyright agent
If you believe any materials accessible on or from the Site infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from this website by contacting the copyright agent (identified below) and providing the following information:
Identification of the copyrighted work that you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where possible include a copy or the location (e.g., URL) of an authorized version of the work.
Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with its URL or any other pertinent information that will allow us to locate the material.
Your name, address, telephone number and (if available) e-mail address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the complained of use of the materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information that you have supplied is accurate, and indicating that “under penalty of perjury,” you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Agent for copyright issues relating to this website is as follows:
Practice Promotions LLC. 7305 Hancock Village Drive, Suite 117, Chesterfield, VA 23832. Or call: 800-594-7656
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:
Amato Physical Therapy (Managed by Excel Sports & Physical Therapy)
Affton
4625 Lindell Blvd, Suite 510
St. Louis, MO 63108
Creve Coeur
713 N. New Ballas Rd.
Creve Coeur, MO 63141
Excel Sports & Physical Therapy
Ellisville
1346 Clarkson Clayton Ctr.
Ellisville, MO 63011
St. Peters (Mexico Rd)
4800 Mexico Road Suite 104
Saint Peters, MO 63376
St. Peters (Piper Hill)
112 Piper Hill Dr. Suite 2
Saint Peters, MO 63376
St. Peters (O’Fallon)
2982 Highway K
O’Fallon, MO 63368
North O’Fallon
1096 Tom Ginnever Ave.
O’Fallon, MO 63366
St Charles
1982 1st Capitol Dr,
Saint Charles, MO 63303
Warrenton
605 E. Main St. Suite 3
Warrenton, MO 63383
Wentzville
1428 W. Meyer Rd.
Wentzville, MO 63385
Winghaven
9331 Phoenix Village Parkway,
O’Fallon, MO 63368
Quick Links
Our Locations
FAQ
Conditions Library
REQUEST APPOINTMENT
Recent Posts
Three physical therapy exercises for tennis elbow
What to expect if you have no physical therapy after knee replacement surgery
Five reasons you need physical therapy after knee surgery
Two physical therapy exercises for lower back pain
Two stretches you should try if you have neck and shoulder pain
Saint Louis, MO 63123
Phone:
(314) 367-7450
Fax: (314) 367-6940
Winghaven
9331 Phoenix Village Pkwy. O’Fallon, MO 63368
Phone:
(636) 561-4793
Fax: (636) 561-4811
Wentzville
1428 West Meyer Rd. Wentzville, MO 63385
Phone:
(636) 887-3660
Fax: (636) 887-3661
Warrenton
605 E. Booneslick Road
Suite 3 Warrenton, MO 63383
Phone:
(636) 456-6350
Fax: (636) 456-6084
Saint Charles
1982 First Capitol Drive Saint Charles, MO 63301
Phone:
(636) 949-3926
Fax: (636) 949-3928
North O’Fallon
1096 Tom Ginnever Ave. O’Fallon, MO 63366
Phone:
(636) 978-5255
Fax: (636) 978-5287
O’Fallon
2982 Highway K O’Fallon, MO 63368
Phone:
(636)
978-9235
Fax: (636) 978-8299
Saint Peters (Piper Hill Dr.)
112 Piper Hill Dr.
Suite 2 Saint Peters, MO 63376
Phone:
(636) 229-4254
Fax: (636) 229-4253
Ellisville
1346 Clarkson Clayton Ctr. Ellisville, MO 63011
Phone:
(636) 227-5200
Fax: (636) 227-5202
Saint Peters (Mexico Rd.)
4800 Mexico Rd. Ste. 104 Saint Peters, MO 63376
Phone:
(636) 939-9540
Fax: (636) 939-9886
Creve Coeur
713 N. New Ballas Rd. Creve Coeur, MO 63141
Phone:
(314) 991-0480
Fax: (314) 991-0487
Conditions We Treat
Back Pain & Sciatica
Neck Pain & Headaches
Shoulder Pain
Hip and Knee Pain
Elbow Wrist & Hand Pain
Foot and Ankle Pain
Motor Vehicle Injury
View More Conditions
Specialties
Manual Therapy
Astym® Therapy
Joint Mobilization
McKenzie Method
Running Program
Electrical Stimulation
Kinesio Taping
Massage Therapy
Patient Info
Patient Info / Forms
Insurance Info
Patient Testimonials
Refer a Friend
FAQs
Health Blog
Contact
Excel Sports & Physical Therapy | Sitemap | Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
The content on this website is informational only and not intended to provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Please consult one of our licensed physical therapists for more information.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks