http://eyesite.ucsd.edu/terms-of-use
Covid-19
|
About Us
|
Contact Us
|
From Our Patients
|
News & Events
|
My UCSD Chart
Find a Doctor
by name
Afshari, Natalie A.
Baxter, Sally L.
Borooah, Shyamanga
Brown, Stuart I.
Camp, Andrew
Do, Jiun
Ferreyra, Henry A.
Freeman, William R.
Goldbaum, Michael H.
Granet, David B.
Haw, Weldon W.
Heichel, Chris W.
Kikkawa, Don O.
Kline, Lanning
Korn, Bobby S.
Lee, Jeffrey E.
Liu, Catherine Y.
Moghimi, Sasan
Movaghar, Mansoor
Nguyen, Thao P.
Nudleman, Eric
Robbins, Shira L.
Rudell, Jolene
Savino, Peter J.
Spencer, Doran B.
Vasile, Cristiana
Weinreb, Robert N.
Welsbie, Derek S.
by specialty
Comprehensive Ophthalmology
Cornea & Refractive Surgery
Glaucoma
Neuro-Ophthalmology
Ophthalmic Genetics
Ophthalmic Pathology
Ophthalmic Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery
Optometry & Low Vision
Pediatric Ophthalmology & Eye Alignment Disorders
Refractive Surgery
/ LASIK
Retina & Vitreous
Thyroid Eye Clinic
Uveitis
by condition
AMD
(Age-related Macular Degeneration)
Cataracts
Corneal Conditions
Cosmetic Surgery
Diabetic Retinopathy
Eye Movement Disorders
Glaucoma
Hereditary (Genetic) Disorders
Low Vision
Neuro-Ophthalmic Conditions
Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery
Pediatric Conditions
Refractive Errors
Retinal Diseases
Strabismus (Strabimus)
Thyroid Eye Disease
Uveitis
Patients
Becoming A Patient
Preparing for Surgery
Out of Town Patients
Patient Resources
Specialties
Comprehensive Ophthalmology
Cornea & Refractive Surgery
Glaucoma
Neuro-Ophthalmology
Ophthalmic Genetics
Ophthalmic Pathology
Ophthalmic Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery
Optometry & Low Vision
Pediatric Ophthalmology & Eye Alignment Disorders
Refractive Surgery
/ LASIK
Retina & Vitreous
Thyroid Eye Clinic
Uveitis
Eye Conditions
Faculty
For Physicians
Continuing Medical Education
Residency
Fellowships
Medical Students
Research
Computational Ophthalmology
Ophthalmic Research Laboratories
Clinical Research Reading Centers
Clinical Trials
Grants
P30 UCSD Vision Research Core Grant Resources
Giving
How to Give
Alumni Giving
Honor Roll
Visionary Circle
Term of Use
Legal Notices and Disclaimer
Welcome to the UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute website. This website is operated and managed by the Shiley Eye Institute at the University of California.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this site and all other Official UCSD Web Sites, referred to as "these sites," you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this site. These Sites are owned and operated by UCSD (referred to as "UCSD," "we," "us," or "our" herein). We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of these Sites following the posting of changes to these terms (including the UCSD Web Policy) will mean you accept those changes.
Health Information
All health and health-related information contained within UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute website is intended to be general in nature and should not be used as a substitute for medical treatment by a health care professional. Your health care provider should be consulted regarding matters concerning the medical condition, treatment and needs of you and your family.
Every effort is made to ensure that the material within this website is accurate and timely, however, this should not be considered official and should be confirmed with other reliable sources. This information is provided without warranty for quality or accuracy. The Regents of the University of California; the University of California, San Diego; the University of California, San Diego Health System nor any other contributing author is responsible for any errors or omissions in any information provided or the results obtained from the use of such information.
Privacy
UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute shileyeye.ucsd.edu respects the privacy of its users.
Our goal is to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we sometimes collect information during your visits to understand what differentiates you from each of our other users.
To demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing our website privacy practices.
Here, you will learn what personally identifiable information of yours is collected, how and when we might use your information, how we protect your information, who has access to your information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Collection of Data
UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute collects certain information from and about its users in two ways: directly from the user and from our web server logs.
User-Supplied Information
When you submit a form we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, medical record number and some other personal information. The more accurate information you volunteer, the better we are able to respond to your request.
Log Information
Web servers typically collect, at least temporarily, the following information: Internet Protocol (IP) address of computer being used; web pages requested; referring web page; browser used; date and time. UCSD Medical Center may collect statistics identifying particular IP addresses from which Medical Center websites are accessed.
Use of Data
User-Supplied Information
The UC San Diego Health System appointment request and seminar enrollment processes require users to provide personal, demographic and insurance information. The information is used to process the request and to contact patients when necessary. UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute may also use personal information for the purpose of future communication on new offerings but only if the opportunity to opt out of that type of use is provided.
Log Information
Cookies are used to remember users who return to the site. The browser-IP-address information and anonymous-browser history is used to report information about site accesses, for profiling purposes, and for troubleshooting. This information is generally used to improve website presentation and utilization.
UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute does not sell, rent, or exchange any personal information collected or gathered online about visitors unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) we obtain your consent, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out to the sharing of information; (iii) a service provided on our site requires the interaction with or is provided by a third party; (iv) pursuant to legal process or law enforcement; or (v) we find that your use of this site violates this Policy or other usage guidelines or as deemed reasonably necessary by us to protect our legal rights and/or property.
Security: How We Protect Your Information
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
No Guarantees
While this Privacy Policy states our standards for maintenance of personal information and we will make efforts to meet them, we are not in a position to guarantee these standards. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, we disclaim any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of data.
Updating Your Information
If you would like to update your personal information or stop receiving communication from UC San Diego Shiley Eye Institute, please call (858) 534-6290.
Official UCSD Websites
Official UCSD Web Sites display the UCSD Seal for Official Web Pages at the bottom of their main page. Only Sites bearing the UCSD Seal for Official Web Pages are Official UCSD Web Sites. All other Sites hosted by UCSD servers are not official, including personal Web Pages of students, faculty, and staff, whether or not they are carry a disclaimer. Unofficial Sites do not represent the University in any way. Any content contained or accessible from unofficial Web Sites does not reflect the views of the Regents of the University of California and the Regents do not endorse, warrant, or otherwise take responsibility for the contents of unofficial Web Pages or of any material accessible from unofficial Web Pages.
Endorsements
Links from a website located on a UCSD server to any non-university site do not imply University endorsement of the site's products or services. References to non-UCSD products, services, or organizations do not imply University endorsement of such products, services, or organizations.
Restrictions of Use of Material
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to UCSD and the Regents of the University of California, unless noted otherwise.  No material from InfoPath or any Official UCSD Web Site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without explicit permission, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of UCSD's copyright and other proprietary rights. The use of any such material on any other Web Site or networked computer environment or in any other medium is prohibited.
Directions
9415 Campus Point Drive
La Jolla, CA
92093-0946
View Map
Shiley Eye Institute
9415 Campus Point DriveLa Jolla, CA 92093-0946
Appointments
(858) 534-6290
Giving
Gifts make a difference!
Directions
View Map
Find A Doctor
Refer A Patient
Research
About Us
Terms Of Use
|
Legal Disclaimer
|
UC San Diego
|
UCSD Health System
Whats Your Symptom Disclaimer
The information contained in this online site is intended to provide accurate and helpful health information for the general public. It is made available with the understanding that the author and publisher are not engaged in rendering medical, health, psychological, or any other kind of personal professional services on this site. The information should not be considered complete and does not cover all diseases, ailments, physical conditions or their treatment. It should not be used in place of a call or visit to a medical, health or other competent professional, who should be consulted before adopting any of the suggestions in this site or drawing inferences from it.
The information about drugs contained on this site is general in nature. It does not cover all possible uses, actions, precautions, side effects, or interactions of the medicines mentioned, nor is the information intended as medical advice for individual problems or for making an evaluation as to the risks and benefits of taking a particular drug.
The operator(s) of this site, and the publisher, specifically disclaim all responsibility for any liability, loss or risk, personal or otherwise, which is incurred as a consequence, directly or indirectly, of the use and application of any of the material on this site.
Click Here To Accept
Email Us
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
MRN
Topic
Select Topic
Donor
Patient
Physician
Other
Required *
Submit