https://farmamondo.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Company
About usHistoryEthics & Compliance
|Services
Unlicensed MedicinesLicensed MedicinesManaged Access ProgramsWho We Help
|Corporate News|Contacts
EN
RU
ES
JP
EN
RUESJP
PRIVACY POLICY FARMAMONDO
FarmaMondo respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will tell you about how we look after your personal data when you visit our websites and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how the FarmaMondo Group collects and processes your personal data through your use of its websites, including any data you may provide through these sites when you sign up to our newsletters.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children, unless we have agreed this with you.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
WHO WE AREThis privacy policy is issued on behalf of the FarmaMondo so when we mention ”FarmaMondo”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the FarmaMondo responsible for processing your data.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUPersonal data means any data about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identifiers has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
contact data including billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers;
technical data including internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website;
usage data including information about how you use our website, products and services; and
marketing and communications data including your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data, such as statistical or demographic data, for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data, which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
MARKETINGWe strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We will not send you unsolicited marketing information without your consent, and we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the FarmaMondo of companies for marketing purposes.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via letter, email or text message, or where we are processing your sensitive personal data.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us that we are required to retain as a result of any product/service purchase or other transactions.
THIRD-PARTY LINKSThis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
COOKIESYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
other companies in the FarmaMondo that may be based inside and outside of the CH and that may carry out centralised administrative and reporting activities as processors and joint controllers;
External third parties such as:
Service providers acting as processors based inside or outside the EEA who provide outsourced services such as IT and system administration services;
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based inside or outside the EEA who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services; or
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based inside or outside the EEA who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances; or
Regulatory authorities such as the SwissMedic.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
HOW SECURE IS MY DATA?We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
FOLLOW US ON
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.