https://fertilityprogramalabama.com/privacy-policy/
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Legal Disclaimer: THE ART FERTILITY PROGRAM OF ALABAMA MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE, ITS CONTENTS, INFORMATION, DATA PHOTOGRAPHS, OR ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED IS FOR YOUR USE “AS IS” OR “AS AVAILABLE.”
THE ART FERTILITY PROGRAM OF ALABAMA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE AND ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED. FURTHER, THE ART FERTILITY PROGRAM OF ALABAMA MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE, ITS CONTENTS, AND WHETHER THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED, IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT.
THE ART FERTILITY PROGRAM OF ALABAMA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHER DAMAGES RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED. BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE ART FERTILITY PROGRAM OF ALABAMA, ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND ANY THIRD PARTY INFORMATION OR CONTENT PROVIDERS TO THIS SITE FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, EXPENSES, AND DAMAGES RELATING TO, OR ARISING OUR OF YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION DERIVED FROM THIS WEBSITE OR ANY WEBSITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED.
NO MATERIAL FROM THIS SITE MAY BE COPIED, REPRODUCED, OR REPUBLISHED, UNLOADED, POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR DISTRIBUTED EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED.
No Physician/Patient Relationship: The information contained in this Website is not intended as a substitute for medical advice. No physician/patient relationship shall be created between any individual accessing this Website and the ART Fertility Program physicians regarding any procedures explained or described herein. By accessing this Website, you acknowledge and agree that no physician/patient relationship is created with the ART Fertility Program of Alabama, or any of its health care providers. Visitors to the ART Fertility Program Website are strongly encouraged to regularly consult a physician in matters relating to health and, particularly, with respect to any symptoms requiring any medical attention or diagnosis. All information regarding the ART Fertility Program technology should be reviewed with a trained professional medical provider.
© Assisted Reproductive Technology, Houserman, Allemand, & Mann, P.C., ART Fertility Program of Alabama 2007
PRIVACY NOTICE
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Honea, Houserman & Allemand, P.C.
Suite 508
2006 Brookwood Medical Center Drive
Birmingham, Alabama 35209
(205) 870-9784
We are required under the federal health care privacy rules (the “Privacy Rules”), to protect the privacy of your health information, which includes information about your health history, symptoms, test results, diagnoses, treatment, and claims and payment history (collectively, “Health Information”). We are also required to provide you with this Privacy Notice regarding our legal duties, policies and procedures to protect and maintain the privacy of your Health Information. We are required to follow the terms of this Privacy Notice unless (and until) it is revised. We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Notice and to make the new notice provisions effective for the Health Information that we maintain and use, as well as for any Health Information that we may receive in the future. Should the terms of this Privacy Notice change, we will make a revised copy of the notice available to you. Revised Privacy Notices will be available at our office for individuals to take with them and we will post a copy of revised Privacy Notices in a prominent location in our office. Privacy Notices will also be posted and available electronically on our web site.
PERMITTED USES AND DISCLOSURES OF YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
1.  General Uses and Disclosures. Under the Privacy Rules, we are permitted to use and disclose your Health Information for the following purposes, without obtaining your permission or Authorization:
Treatment. We are permitted to use and disclose your Health Information in the provision and coordination of your health care. For example, we may disclose your Health Information to your primary health care provider, consulting providers, and to other health care personnel who have a need for such information for your care and treatment.
Payment. We are permitted to use and disclose your Health Information for the purposes of determining coverage, billing, and reimbursement. This information may be released to an insurance company, third party payor, or other authorized entity or person involved in the payment of your medical bills and may include copies or portions of your medical record which are necessary for payment of your bill. For example, a bill sent to your insurance company may include information that identifies you, your diagnosis, and the procedures and supplies used in your treatment.
Health Care Operations. We are permitted to use and disclose your Health Information during our health care operations, including, but not limited to: quality assurance, auditing, licensing or credentialing activities, and for educational purposes. For example, we can use your Health Information to internally assess our quality of care provided to patients.
Uses and Disclosures Required by Law. We may use and disclose your Health Information when required to do so by law, including, but not limited to: reporting abuse, neglect and domestic violence; in response to judicial and administrative proceedings; in responding to a law enforcement request for information; or in order to alert law enforcement to criminal conduct on our premises or of a death that may be the result of criminal conduct.
Public Health Activities. We may disclose your Health Information for public health reporting, including, but not limited to: child abuse and neglect; reporting communicable diseases and vital statistics; product recalls and adverse events; or notifying person(s) who may have been exposed to a disease or are at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition.
Abuse and Neglect. We may disclose your Health Information to a local, state, or federal government authority, if we have a reasonable belief of abuse, neglect or domestic violence.
Regulatory Agencies. We may disclose your Health Information to a health care oversight agency for activities authorized by law, including, but not limited to, licensure, investigations and inspections. These activities are necessary for the government and certain private health oversight agencies to monitor the health care system, government programs, and compliance with civil rights.
Judicial and Administrative Proceedings. We may disclose your Health Information in judicial and administrative proceedings, as well as in response to an order of a court, administrative tribunal, or in response to a subpoena, summons, warrant, discovery request, or similar legal request.
Law Enforcement Purposes. We may disclose your Health Information to law enforcement officials when required to do so by law.
Coroners, Medical Examiners, Funeral Directors. We may disclose your Health Information to a coroner or medical examiner. This may be necessary, for example, to determine a cause of death. We may also disclose your health information to funeral directors, as necessary, to carry out their duties.
Research. Under certain circumstances, we may disclose your Health Information to researchers when their clinical research study has been approved and where certain safeguards are in place to ensure the privacy and protection of your Health Information.
Threats to Health and Safety. We may use or disclose your Health Information if we believe, in good faith, that the use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious or imminent threat to the health or safety of a person or the public, or is necessary for law enforcement to identify or apprehend an individual.
Specialized Government Functions. If you are a member of the U.S. Armed Forces, we may disclose your Health Information as required by military command authorities. We may also disclose your Health Information to authorized federal officials for national security reasons and the Department of State for medical suitability determinations.
Inmates. If you are an inmate of a correctional institution or under the custody of a law enforcement official, we may release your Health Information to the correctional institution or law enforcement official, where such information is necessary for the institution to provide you with health care; to protect your health or safety, or the health or safety of others; or for the safety and security of the correctional institution.
Workers’ Compensation. We may disclose your Health Information to your employer to the extent necessary to comply with Alabama laws relating to workers’ compensation or other similar programs.
Fundraising. We may use or disclose your Health Information to make a fundraising communication to you, for the purpose of raising funds for our own benefit. Included in such fundraising communications will be instructions describing how you may ask not to receive future communications.
Marketing. We may use or disclose your Health Information to make a marketing communication to you that occurs in a face-to-face encounter with us or which concerns a promotional gift of nominal value provided by us.
Appointment Reminders/Treatment Alternatives. We may use and disclose your Health Information to remind you of an appointment for treatment and medical care at our office or to provide you with information regarding treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.
Business Associates. We may disclose your Health Information to business associates who provide services to us. Our business associates are required to protect the confidentiality of your Health Information.
Other Uses and Disclosures. In addition to the reasons outlined above, we may use and disclose your Health Information for other purposes permitted by the Privacy Rules.
2.  Uses and Disclosures Which Require Patient Opportunity to Verbally Agree or Object. Under the Privacy Rules, we are permitted to use and disclose your Health Information: (i) for the creation of facility directories, (ii) to disaster relief agencies, and (iii) to family members, close personal friends or any other person identified by you, if the information is directly relevant to that person’s involvement in your care or treatment. Except in emergency situations, you will be notified in advance and have the opportunity to verbally agree or object to this use and disclosure of your Health Information.
3. Uses and Disclosures Which Require Written Authorization. As required by the Privacy Rules, all other uses and disclosures of your Health Information (not described above) will be made only with your written Authorization. For example, in order to disclose your Health Information to a company for marketing purposes, we must obtain your Authorization. Under the Privacy Rules, you may revoke your Authorization at any time. The revocation of your Authorization will be effective immediately, except to the extent that: we have relied upon it previously for the use and disclosure of your Health Information; if the Authorization was obtained as a condition of obtaining insurance coverage where other law provides the insurer with the right to contest a claim under the policy or the policy itself; or where your Health Information was obtained as part of a research study and is necessary to maintain the integrity of the study.
PATIENT RIGHTS
You have the following rights concerning your Health Information:
1. Right to Inspect and Copy Your Health Information. Upon written request, you have the right to inspect and copy your own Health Information contained in a designated record set, maintained by or for us. A “designated record set” contains medical and billing records and any other records that we use for making decisions about you. However, we are not required to provide you access to all the Health Information that we maintain. For example, this right of access does not extend to psychotherapy notes, or information compiled in reasonable anticipation of, or for use in, a civil, criminal or administrative proceeding. Where permitted by the Privacy Rules, you may request that certain denials to inspect and copy your Health Information be reviewed. If you request a copy or summary of explanation of your Health Information, we may charge you a reasonable fee for copying costs, including the cost of supplies and labor, postage, and any other associated costs in preparing the summary or explanation.
2. Right to Request Restrictions on the Use and Disclosure of Your Health Information. You have the right to request restrictions on the use and disclosure of your Health Information for treatment, payment and health care operations, as well as disclosures to persons involved in your care or payment for your care, such as family members or close friends. We will consider, but do not have to agree to, such requests.
3. Right to Request an Amendment of Your Health Information. You have the right to request an amendment of your Health Information. We may deny your request if we determine that you have asked us to amend information that: was not created by us, unless the person or entity that created the information is no longer available; is not Health Information maintained by or for us; is Health Information that you are not permitted to inspect or copy; or we determine that the information is accurate and complete. If we disagree with your requested amendment, we will provide you with a written explanation of the reasons for the denial, an opportunity to submit a statement of disagreement, and a description of how you may file a complaint.
4. Right to an Accounting of Disclosures of Your Health Information. You have the right to receive an accounting of disclosures of your Health Information made by us within six (6) years prior to the date of your request. The accounting will not include: disclosures related to treatment, payment or health care operations; disclosures to you; disclosures based on your Authorization; disclosures that are part of a Limited Data Set; incidental disclosures; disclosures to persons involved in your care or payment for your care; disclosures to correctional institutions or law enforcement officials; disclosures for facility directories; or disclosures that occurred prior to April 14, 2003.
5. Right to Alternative Communications. You have the right to receive confidential communications of your Health Information by a different means or at a different location than currently provided. For example, you may request that we only contact you at home or by mail.
6. Right to Receive a Paper Copy of this Privacy Notice. You have the right to receive a paper copy of this Privacy Notice upon request, even if you have agreed to receive this Privacy Notice electronically
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact our Privacy Officer. All requests must be submitted to us in writing on a designated form (which we will provide to you), and returned to the attention of our Privacy Officer at the address below.
CONTACT INFORMATION AND HOW TO REPORT A PRIVACY RIGHTS VIOLATION.
If you have questions and/or would like additional information regarding the uses and disclosures of your Health Information, you may contact our Privacy Officer at:
Address: 2006 Brookwood Medical Center Dr.
Suite 508
Birmingham, Alabama 35209
Attn: Privacy Officer
Telephone: (205) 870-9784
Fax: (205) 870-0698
If you believe that your privacy rights have been violated or that we have violated our own privacy practices, you may file a complaint with us. You may also file a complaint with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services at 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201. Complaints filed directly with the Secretary must be made in writing, name us, describe the acts or omissions in violation of the Privacy Rules or our privacy practices, and must be filed within 180 days of the time you knew or should have known of the violation. Complaints submitted directly to us must be in writing and to the attention of our Privacy Officer. There will be no retaliation for filing a complaint.
The Effective Date of this Privacy Notice is February 1, 2003.
Houserman, Allemand, & Mann, P.C. Representative
Best Fertility SpecialistAbout ART Infertility can be one of the most stressful experiences in a person’s life. We understand that the needs of each person is unique. For over 30 years, the ART Fertility Program of Alabama has provided couples experiencing infertility with the best possible medical services, personal care and counseling. ART has three convenient locations in the State of Alabama. The locations are in Birmingham, Huntsville, and Montgomery.
Contact Us
Current patients do not leave a message for your nurse on our website.
Please call the main office at
(205) 870-9784 for someone to answer your questions.
ART Fertility Program of Alabama, P.C.
2006 Brookwood Medical Center Drive Suite 508
Birmingham, Alabama 35209
Patient Message Center
Schedule an Appointment
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Accept settingsHide notification onlySettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps,
and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable Google Maps.Google reCaptcha Settings:Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
Accept settingsHide notification only