https://fightcolorectalcancer.org/policies-disclaimers/
Advocacy-Logo-WHITE-RGB
Created with Sketch.
arrow copy
Created with Sketch.
fcc-logo-light
Search for:
About Colorectal Cancer
About Colorectal Cancer Facts and Stats
March CRC Awareness Month
Survival Rates
Young Adult Colorectal Cancer
Genetics & Family History
Lynch Syndrome
Colorectal Cancer Resources
Prevention
Prevention Screening
Colonoscopy Prep
Colon Polyps
Risks
Colorectal cancer symptoms: 7 signs to see your doctor
Prevention Resources
Treatment
Treatment Diagnosis
Treatment Options
Managing Side Effects
Treatment by Stage
End-of-Life Care
Treatment Resources
Living with Colorectal Cancer
Living with Colorectal Cancer Diet and Nutrition
Paying for Treatment
Post-Treatment
Survivorship
For Friends & Family
Living with Colorectal Cancer Resources
Research
Research Our Medical Experts
Expert Workgroups
Our Research
Funding Research
Research Advocacy Training and Support Program
Clinical Trials
Be a Champion
Be a Champion Advocate
Donate
Volunteer
Share Your Story
Climb for a Cure
Events
Shop
About Us
Blog
Helpline
Donate
Policies and Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Unless otherwise indicated, Fight Colorectal Cancer (Fight CRC) does not disclose, give, sell or transfer our mailing list or database without your permission. We will not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
We respect the privacy of visitors to our website. We collect a limited amount of information on usage of the website for statistical purposes. Analytics help us measure the number of visitors to the site, relevant content, traffic sources and how visitors engage with us. None of our analytics offer personal identification of our visitors.
If visitors choose to enter personal information and complete a form, that information is stored on our password-protected database and is kept private and secure. Filling out personal information gives Fight Colorectal Cancer permission to contact; however, there is always an opt-out option to any and all communications.
Opt-out options include:
Links on emails sent through our email marketing platformReply to a personal email asking to be removed from a list or address bookCall the office at (703) 548-1225 and ask the office manager to update your account settings and preferences
Cookie Opt Out
We do allow third parties to place cookies for social networking promotion purposes on our site.
These parties may collect non-personally identifiable information about your interaction with us. This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these vendors. These vendors have their own privacy policies and may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”).
To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page and follow the relevant instructions. Please note that if you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Statement of Nonpartisanship
Fight Colorectal Cancer (Fight CRC) is a nonpartisan advocacy organization that promotes better policies and supports research, education, and awareness for all those touched by colorectal cancer. All employees, board members, and volunteer representatives at Fight CRC are required to maintain nonpartisanship while acting in an official capacity on behalf of the organization.
The Fight CRC advocacy team determines its strategic legislative and policy priorities by working with policy experts, collaborating with coalition partners, and soliciting feedback directly from colorectal cancer patients and family members.
For more information, click here.
Donor Policy
Fight Colorectal Cancer (Fight CRC) does not disclose, give, sell or transfer our online and offline donor database. We will not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. Your privacy is protected. If you choose to make a donation and supply your name, address and other identifying information, your information will be stored in a password-protected database and processed on a protected, secure portal. You may opt-out or update your information anytime by replying to emails, sending a personal email to unsubscribe or be removed, or calling the office at (703) 548-1225.
(All donor data within the portal, along with your information, is protected using SSL 128-bit encryption)
Funding Disclosure
Fight Colorectal Cancer (Fight CRC) is committed to transparency regarding the support we receive from industry partners, including but not limited to pharmaceutical companies. Fight CRC identifies and reports all financial support and in-kind donations from the pharmaceutical industry and other donors in our annual Impact Report, which is distributed to Fight CRC individual, corporate, and foundation donors, and is also available to the public as a PDF document on the Fight CRC website.
When considering whether to accept funding from donors to provide support for Fight CRC programs, Fight CRC will not accept funding that is intended to influence the content, format or delivery of its educational, research, public policy and fundraising programs. This policy is mandated by the Fight CRC Board of Directors and is implemented throughout all Fight CRC activities and materials funded by corporate grants.
Linking Policy
Fight Colorectal Cancer (Fight CRC) provides links to other organizations and websites that can provide help to people affected by colon and rectal cancer. However, we are careful that the information and services offered by other sites will help and not hurt. We ask ourselves the following questions when we decide to make a link:
Who is providing the information or service?
The link’s sponsor must be clearly identified on the site with a name, address and a method to contact directly.Clear information about sources of organizational funding and funding for the site must be available, either provided on the site or visitors are told where to find it.Local chapters of national organizations are not listed individually, but a link is made to a list of local chapters and services via the national organization.
Is information accurate, evidence-based and up-to-date?
Medical information must be reviewed by appropriate health professionals.There should be a date on each page showing when the information was reviewed and updated.Ideally, the site will carry the HON code.If off-label or non-standard therapies are promoted on the site, there is clinical trial evidence for their use in colon or rectal cancer and that evidence is supported with references.
Are site visitors protected from unnecessary intrusion?
There is a posted privacy policy.Visitor information is not collected without permission, nor are mailing lists shared.Ordinarily, Fight Colorectal Cancer does not link to sites that carry advertising.If material on the site comes from somewhere else, the source is acknowledged.
Are support and informational programs overseen by health professionals?
If the site provides referrals to peer support, people providing that support must have received training before being assigned and receive supervision as they interact with other patients or caregivers.Online chat support must be monitored.
Editorial Policy
Fight Colorectal Cancer (Fight CRC) maintains ultimate editorial control over all content. Editorial in web pages, emails, social media posts and other communications is not provided by outside contributors unless internally reviewed and approved. The editorial goal of all published content is to resource and support colorectal cancer patients and advocates with unbiased, credible and accurate information. Content that supports personal interests of supporters, sponsors, or contributors and does not uphold the editorial goal will not be published on any communications platforms. Content submitted for consideration of Fight CRC’s posting will undergo review to check compliance with the editorial policy.
Social Media
Fight Colorectal Cancer may share content from any of its social media sites that is proven reliable, credible and useful to colorectal cancer patients and advocates. Sharing content on any platform, or mentioning, tagging or engaging with other accounts, does not equal an endorsement or support by the organization. For content to be published on Fight Colorectal Cancer social media accounts, it must be in full compliance with all policies and disclosures.
Medical Content
All patient resource content published by Fight Colorectal Cancer is medically-reviewed; the medical reviewers are disclosed. This is not an endorsement or recommendation for the professional. All content is ultimately written, produced and edited by Fight Colorectal Cancer. The information and services provided by Fight Colorectal Cancer are for general information purposes only. The information and services are not intended to be substitutes for professional medical advice, diagnoses or treatment. If you are ill, or suspect that you are ill, see a doctor immediately. In the event of an emergency, call 911 or go to the nearest emergency room. Fight Colorectal Cancer never recommends or endorses any specific physicians, products or treatments for any condition.
Sponsors and Advertising
Fight Colorectal Cancer is supported by several sponsors who fund programs with unrestricted grants. These sponsors may be thanked and acknowledged in content appearing on the website, emails, social media posts, flyers, press releases and other communications platforms. The content is an acknowledgment of support through gratitude messaging; any sponsor logos, names or mentions is not advertising. Fight Colorectal Cancer does not sell advertising or sponsored content.
Financial Disclosures
Fight Colorectal Cancer’s policy is to disclose if the organization has received funding from for-profit organizations mentioned in or contributing to content. This can include both online and offline communications. The organization maintains full control over content, and it is not influenced by financially supportive organizations. It’s our policy to disclose any potential conflicts of interests.
Feedback
Fight Colorectal Cancer welcomes and encourages user feedback in the form of comments, personal emails and calls. Please contact us if you have suggestions for improvement or would like to report an error or inaccuracy. We will promptly respond.
Copyrights
Fight Colorectal Cancer owns the content, photos and graphics on FightColorectalCancer.org (and FightCRC.org) unless otherwise indicated. In the event the content is not owned by us but used with permission, a link and source to the owner is provided. If you’d like to share our website content or use it online, please attribute us by placing a link back to the URL where the original content appears. This does not guarantee a reciprocal link.  If you’re using our content or comments in printed articles or publications, please name us as a source:  Fight Colorectal Cancer. Please contact us to obtain permissions if you’d like to use the logo, photography, graphics or likeness of Fight Colorectal Cancer.
Site Disclaimers
Liability: Fight Colorectal Cancer does not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information on this website.
Endorsement: Fight Colorectal Cancer does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes or services. The views and opinions of authors expressed on our website do not necessarily state or reflect official positions of Fight Colorectal Cancer, and they may not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
External Links: Fight Colorectal Cancer links to other Internet sites only for the convenience of web users. We are not responsible for the availability or content of these external sites, nor do we endorse, warrant or guarantee the products, services or information described or offered at these other Internet sites.
Medical Information: FightColorectalCancer.org is an informational website. We shall not be held liable for damages arising from the use of information on our website. Specific medical advice will not be provided, and we urge you to consult with a qualified physician for diagnosis and for answers to your personal questions.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.