https://findyourcoach.com/privacy-policy-3/
Home
Coaching Explained
Life Coaching
Keys to Effective Coaching
Coachable goals
Types of Life Coaching
History of Life Coaching
Telephone Coaching?
How TCC Works
Why Choose TCC
Discovery Conversation
Coach Qualifications
About The Coach Connection
Success Stories
Success Stories
Case Studies
Testimonials
Prices & Guarantees
Contact
Get Started
Compare
Compare Coaching Sources
Independent Comparison
Tony Robbins Coaching
ICF Coach Referral Service
ActionCoach Coaching
Individual Coaches
Confidentiality
Everything you do with The Coach Connection will be kept very confidential…Period! We will not even reveal that you contacted us for our FREE Discovery Conversation, and we will certainly not reveal what was discussed.
Our confidentiality gets stronger. Your TCC Member Coach cannot reveal what transpires between you two to anyone else in TCC, including your TCC Advocate, except for session schedules and coaching fee matters.
The only way anyone will discover what transpired between you and The Coach Connection is that you must tell them yourself.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, call us, or fill out a form.
What do we use your information for?
The information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To send emails – the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. We send NO solicitation e-mails, NOR “Follow-UP Sales e-mails, NOR allow others to do so.
Send you newsletters-ONLY if you have subscribed to the newsletter. We do NOT add your e-mail to our newsletter list or any other such list, if you have not specifically subscribed to our newsletter.
If you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future newsletters, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the newsletter.
Schedule Your FREE Discovery Conversation
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still contact us over the telephone, and by using any one of our contact buttons.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.  We can only release your information when you instruct us to or when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,  or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 7/20/12
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Schedule Your FREE Discovery Conversation
Or Call: 239-415-1777 (from anywhere) or 800-887-7214 (Toll Free US & Canada)
Or by SKYPE at: coachconnection
Or Click to Use our
Secure Contact Form.
Or Click to Send Us an Email.
Since 2003.
Click to rewiew and provide rewiews.
FacebookLinkedInTwitter
Free Coaching Conversation
Hide