https://findingtruemagic.com/site/privacy-statement/
Top MenuInstitute for Therapeutic Learning
Lucid Heart Therapy & Life Coaching
Finding True Magic Store
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHome
About Jack
Speaking Engagements – Jack Elias, CHT
Virtual Training & Certification
Transpersonal Hypnotherapy NLP Certification
Live Trainings: Calendar
Transpersonal Hypnotherapy – Distance Learning
Finding True Magic Test the Waters Courses
Free Course Catalog
Required Reading
Testimonials
College Credit, CEUs & Financial Aid
Private Sessions
Testimonials
Products
About Hypnotherapy
Buddhism & Psychotherapy
The Nature of the Egoic Mind (article)
Waking Up from the Trance of Ego (article)
Buddhism, Hypnotherapy & NLP
Hypnosis & Tonglen Practice (article)
The 5 Skandhas, the 6 Realms & NLP (article)
The NLP Milton Meta Model (article)
Trance & Mindfulness (article)
Hypnosis & Eastern Philosophy of India
Hypnosis vs. Hypnotherapy
Therapeutic Hypnosis Defined (article)
Hypnosis, Myths & Archetypes
Inner Guidance
Accessing the True Inner Guide (article)
Self Hypnosis
Create Your Own Self Hypnosis Script (article)
Spirit Release
Subpersonality or “Parts” Work
Benefits of Hypnotherapy
Health
Addictions & Bad Habits
Asthma & Allergies
Insomnia
Pain Relief
Stress Management
Weight Loss & Eating Disorders
Wealth
Gaining Confidence
Suggestions for Success
The Richness of Life
Performance
Academic Performance
Athletic Performance
Decision Making
Depression & Anxiety
Gaining Confidence
Procrastination
Sexuality & Intimacy
Stress Management
Sexuality
Fear of Letting Go
Performance Anxiety
Premature Ejaculation
Sexual Dysfunction
Past Lives
Relationships
Conflict Resolution
Couples Therapy
Family Therapy
Sexuality & Intimacy
Emotions
Anger Management
Depression & Anxiety
Emotions: Freeing the Energy of Life (article)
Fears & Phobias
Loss & Grief
Finding True Magic Newsletter!
What Is Hypnosis? (article)
Blog
Return to Content
Our Privacy Statement
Finding True Magic (referred to in this Privacy Statement as “FTM”) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web site, subscribers to our ezine, registrants for our courses, trainings, and events, and all of our students, clients, and customers. We created this policy with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our users. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services owned by FTM.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
FTM collects information from our website users, subscribers, clients, students, and customers. In this section of our privacy policy, we will describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.
Registration and Ordering
When attending our courses, trainings, and events, participating in our teleseminars, using our website and signing up for certain selected services (such as our free ezine), users must first register. During registration, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services, and, for our website visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on our sites.
Some of our products and services are free. For our services that require payment (such as certain courses, trainings, events, and products), we also collect credit card information (such as account name, number and expiration date) through PayPal, which is used for billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared.
Finding True Magic FREE Monthly Newsletter
If users wish to subscribe to our ezine (e-mail newsletter), we ask for contact information (such as name, e-mail address, etc). We use this information in the same manner as we use contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our newsletters can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of the ezine.
Interactive Features
In the future, our website may offer interactive and community features such as discussion boards, webcasts and user profiles. Note that all personal information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not responsible.
Tell-A-Friend
If users elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, free catalog and ezine, and our services, we ask them to provide the friend’s name, mailing address, and e-mail address. FTM will store and use this information to send the friend an invitation. This information may also be used to provide information about our company and related products and services. The friend may contact us as specified in the tell-a-friend message to request that no further communications be sent.
Communications with Us
We have features where users can submit information to us (such as our ezine forms and course feedback forms). Letters to the ezine editor and similar submissions may be made public. We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes, and to help us serve our clients, students, and customers better.
Communications from Us: Service Updates, Special Offers
In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our site and services. For example, we send new ezine subscribers a welcoming message, and verify that they have, in fact, requested the ezine. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for purchase-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail.
We offer our users the option to receive information about our company, related products, services and special discounts. Users can choose not to receive these communications, as set forth in our Permission section below.
WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
Occasionally we may offer FTM Courses, Trainings, or Events in association with third parties. We do not share visitors’ credit card information with such third parties.
Specifically, please note that information collected in connection with online webcasts will be shared with the sponsor of the particular webcast(s)/seminar(s). These sponsors will use the information according to their own privacy policies, and we urge participants to read those policies and be aware of their privacy practices before registering.
Other than as set forth above, we do not share personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our product(s)/service(s), and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. Also affiliate companies, entities into which our company may be merged, or entities to which any of our assets, products, sites or operations may be transferred, will be able to use personal information. We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property.
CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), or if a user no longer desires our product(s)/service(s), we provide a way to correct or update that user’s personal data. The user should contact jack@findingtruemagic.com for the applicable product or service.
PERMISSION
Please note that we will endeavor to implement all requests for removal from our ezine list or other services within a reasonable time, although for a time users may continue to receive mailings, etc., transmitted based on information released prior to the implementation of the request. Users will continue to receive information directly related to the services for which they are registered, so that they are always kept informed.
SECURITY
We use reasonable precautions to protect our users’ personal information and to store it securely. Sensitive information that is transmitted to us online (such as credit card number through PayPal) is encrypted and is transmitted securely. In addition, access to all of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
LINKS
Our web sites contain links to other sites. FTM is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
NOTIFICATION and CHANGES
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that our users are aware of which information we collect, how we are using it and under which circumstances, if any, we would disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement, contact:
Jack Elias, CHT
Institute for Therapeutic Learning
PO Box 17229
Seattle, WA 98127
206.783.1838
info@findingtruemagic.com
“I would have paid $10,000 for what I got from you in just one 90-minute session!”
—David R., Corporate Executive
“I can recommend Jack Elias as an excellent therapist. Jack’s work is not only efficient but full of heart. With his outstanding clarity, he has helped me correct fundamental flaws in my thinking process, resulting in an increase in overall energy and awareness. His effect on many patients I know has empowered them to change limiting beliefs that had handicapped them in their growth and expression.”
—Daniel Lewis, D.C., Chiropractor
FREE Article “What Is Hypnosis?”
when you subscribe to our newsletter
“Thank you profoundly for these Finding True Magic HypnoTips. I look forward to each one that comes to my email. The wisdom and insight is essential to me, and I plan to continue to learn more from you. Keep the HypnoTips coming!”
—Kerry Hufford, School counselor and job coach
SPEAKING
Invite Jack to Speak to Your Group
BOOK
Finding True Magic - the Book!
STORE
Order Our Products Online!
FOLLOW
SUBSCRIBE
Get our posts by email