https://finncare.ca/privacy
Privacy Policy
Finnish Canadian Rest Home Association is committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of your personal information and has a Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
Our postal address is:
FCHRA2288 Harrison DriveVancouver, BCV5P 2P6
We can be reached via e-mail at fcrha.directors@finncare.ca or you can reach us by telephone at (604) 325-8241.
What Information We Collect
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page.  We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We do not set any cookies.
How We Use the Information
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page. We will not share your information with other organizations. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, or calling us at the above telephone number.
Physical Mailings
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, or e-mailing us at the above address.
New Uses of Information
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above number, or writing us at the above address.
Providing Your Information to You
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address.
Correcting Inaccuracies
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Members and Donors
The FCRHA collects and uses personal information about Members for the following purposes:
To communicate with them on membership mattersFor example, providing information about events and services available to them, inviting them to social events, care or housing related events, invoicing, and sharing news of interest about the Association.
To recognize members of the AssociationFor example, providing names of new members, lifetime members and deceased members, publishing photographs and names of members, and providing the names of donors.
The FCRHA collects and uses personal information about Non-Members for the following purposes:
To communicate with them on Association mattersFor example, providing information about events and services available to them, inviting them to social events, care or housing related events and sharing news of interest about the Association.
To recognize non-members of the AssociationFor example, providing names and photographs of volunteers and donors.
Individuals who would like not to allow the FCHRA to use their personal information as outlined above can do so by notifying the FCRHA at:
FCRHA
2288 Harrison Drive
Vancouver, BC
V5P 2P6
604-325-8241
Jäsenten ja Ei-Jäsenten henkilökohtaisia tietoja
SKLKY kerää ja käyttää Jäsenten henkilökohtaisia tietoja seuraaviin tarkoituksiin:
1. Ilmoittaakseen heille jäsenille kuuluvista asioistaEsimerkiksi ilmoittaen tapahtumista ja heille saatavilla olevista palveluista, kutsuen heitä eri tilaisuuksiin, hoito- tai asumiseen liittyviin kokouksiin, maksettavista laskuista, ja jakaakseen Yhdistykseen liittyviä uutisia.2. Tunnustaakseen Yhdistyksen jäseniäEsimerkiksi ilmoittaen uusien jäsenien nimiä, elinikäisjäsenien nimiä niinkuin edesmenneiden, julkaisten jäsenien kuvia ja nimiä, ja myös lahjoittajien nimiä.
SKLKY kerää ja käyttää Ei-Jäsenien henkilökohtaisia tietoja seuraaviin tarkoituksiin:
1. Ilmoittaakseen heille Yhdistykseen liittyvistä asioistaEsimerkiksi ilmoittaen tapahtumista ja heille saatavilla olevista palveluista, kutsuen heitä yleisiin tilaisuuksiin, hoito tai asumiseen liittyviin tapahtumiin ja  jakaakseen Yhdistykseen liittyviä uutisia.2. Tunnustaakseen henkilöt jotka eivät ole jäseniäEsimerkiksi julkaisten vapaaehtoisten ja lahjoittajien nimiä ja kuvia.
Jos haluatte että teidän henkilökohtaisia tietojaan (niinkuin yllä on selvitetty) ei saa käyttää, niin olkaa hyvä ja ilmoittakaa asiasta osoitteeseen:
FCRHA
2288 Harrison Drive
Vancouver, BC
V5P 2P6
604-325-8241
Finnish Home
2288 Harrison Drive Vancouver, BC V5P 2P6
Phone: (604) 325-8241
Fax: (604) 325-2394
Email: info@finncare.ca
View Larger Map
Search for:
Latest News
Attention: Visitor access restrictions
March 18, 2020