https://fiveelementhealing.net/site-usage-terms-and-conditions/
close
HOME
STORE
Products by Condition
Integral Protocol Packages
Products: A – Z
Healing Books & Gifts
Store Home
Conditions Supported
Allergy Strategies
Arthritis Strategies
Asthma Strategies
Cancer Strategies
Candida Strategies
Cold & Flu Strategies
Diabetes Strategies
Fertility Strategies
Fibroid Strategies
IBS Strategies
Lyme Disease Strategies
Menopausal Strategies
Menstrual Strategies
Osteoporosis Strategies
PMS Strategies
Respiratory and Immune
Sinusitis Strategies
Skin Disorder Strategies
APPOINTMENTS
Office Visits
Phone Consultation
Contact
Jason’s Books & Healing Philosophy
Jason’s Journey to Healing
Jason’s Books
Five Element Healing
Acupuncture
Medicinal Herbs
Nutrition
Seasonal Healing
Jason’s Video’s
CART
Welcome to Five Element Healing and the online healing practice of Jason Elias, MA, LAc, Dipl. OM Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Cart
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Copyright
The research, photography, graphics and writing contained on this site was for the most part created by Jason Elias, sometimes in collaboration with co-author Katherine Ketcham. The remaining work was contributed by Jason’s friends and colleagues or our herbal and nutritional associates and is used with their permission. All rights are reserved by the creators and their publishers and reproduction without permission is prohibited. We will often grant that permission to sincere health advocates after the inclusion of due credit and linking is individually negotiated. Therefore this website in its entirety is Copyright © 2010, 2011, 2012, Integral Health Apothecary, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Use Of Site
Terms, conditions, privacy and site use policy:Most websites have pages of unreadable legalese on this page and most visitors check boxes there making commitments to complex terms they haven’t  even made an attempt to read.  Here we actually attempt to create an understandable and fair agreement of trust between our visitors, members and ourselves so please take the time to read and reflect.  If you are using this website and/or have indicated on a form your understanding and acceptance of these terms of use we take you at your word and must hold you too it.Site use and health related information
The contents of both the Five Element Healing Apothecary and the fiveelementhealing.net website are based on the opinions of Jason Elias, the Five Element Healing staff and our trusted colleagues and guest contributors.   Our intent is to share knowledge, experience and research with those seeking this while on their personal quest for healing.  Nothing on this website is meant to take the place of your one on one relationship with a health care professional and nothing on this website is intended as medical advice.  We encourage you to be an empowered partner with your health care provider in making your own choices for your optimal health.
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy:We hold your entrusting us with with your personal information as a great honor and responsibility.  We will endeavor to do all we can to protect your privacy and security.  We will not reveal any of your information entrusted to us to any third party who is not part of the staff of Five Element Healing, Integral Health Apothecary, Integral Health Associates or Jason Elias’s healing practices.  The only exception to this commitment would be if you violate these terms of agreement with us or are found to be breaking US, your own country’s or international law.  At such a point it would solely at our discretion as to whom to and as to what and how much of your information we disclose.  Under any such circumstances we will hold our sense of a higher justice and balance as our guide.Financial and information security:
We have placed the processing of your store orders and the personal and finical information contained therein into the hands of the most technologically capable experts in this field: Godaddy and Paypal.  Their SSL encryption and firewalls are used to keep the information you submit to our store secure.  Unfortunately nothing transmitted over the internet nor the contents of any server connected to the internet can be warranted by us or by anybody as 100% secure.  Therefore we cannot guarantee or warrant against the breach of your information security nor can we take responsibility for theft, disclosure or destruction that could result from such a breach.  We strongly suggest when prompted by Paypal or our Godaddy cart system to create a password that you create a really good one based on their guidelines and that you not reveal that password to anyone else.
Shipping & Delivery
At this time, Five Element Healing Herbal Apothecary generally only ships merchandise to locations within the United States and U.S. territories, including Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the US Virgin Islands. Additionally, Five Element Healing Herbal Apothecary ships merchandise to Canada and Mexico, but not to other international locations unless we arrange the order personally and individually with you via phone or email.The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Web site pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
International
We are a small healing center and business based in the United States and it is only possible for us to understand and comply with our own domestic regulations and restrictions.  If you use this site and/or order products from it you must take compliance with local laws solely on yourself and by using this site and store are acknowledging this acceptance of responsibility.  Every nation and municipality has a different set of rules and guidelines regarding the import, purchase and use of herbs, supplements and plants and you do need to understand those guidelines and restrictions yourself.Customs and import duties may be applied to International orders when the shipment reaches its destination. Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of your order and vary from country to country. Contact your local customs office for details.Shipping laws are different in each country. It is your responsibility to check with your Customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products. Five Element Healing Herbal Apothecary is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices.
Non English language usage on this site:
We must admit though we are totally thrilled to be serving the diverse people of the many cultures of our world our actual grasp of other languages than English is mostly limited to less than 50 words from only about 10 languages.  This means that when you see languages other than English used on this site it is almost always a mechanically based interpretation and is very prone to error and faults based in our own lack of understanding and the limits of current technology.  We can’t and don’t take responsibility for errors based on this situation.  We do go out of our way to learn more, to reach out to international friends and to make your patience with us worth your while.
Thank you,  danke,  gracias,  merci,  arigato,  dhanyawaad,  obrigado  ……………
Sales Tax
The herbs and supplements sold by Five Element Healing Herbal Apothecary are not taxable.  In the instance of books, publications and other taxable products, Five Element Healing Herbal Apothecary will for the sake of our ease of bookeeping and as a gesture of hospitality to our customers pick up that tab ourselves.
Return Policy
Return of merchandise:If you have not opened the product and it is within one week of your having received it you may return it for a full refund except for shipping.  If the return is due to an error on our part then the shipping expense both ways is ours.
Miscellaneous
We have healing centers in 3 New York locations, with over two decades of experience and skilled and caring herbalists and healers.  We will address your questions if you wish by phone or email or you are welcome to come by and visit us.Jason Elias and the Five Element Healing staff.
Integral Health Associates
3 Paradise Lane
New Paltz, NY, 12561for questions, information or phone orders
(845) 255-2255
lori@fiveelementhealing.net, jason@fiveelementhealing.net, mikio@fiveelementhealing.net
additional locations on Central Park South in New York City and in Croton on Hudson, New York