http://focusonals.com/terms-of-use
Skip to content
About
General Information
Family Issues
ALS Awareness
Contact
Privacy Policy
We’re Back
Make Appointment
×
Make an Appoinment
Terms of Use
Browse
Terms Of Use
Welcome to our website.
By accessing or using our site, we assume that you agree to the terms, conditions, notices, and disclaimers stipulated in our Terms of Use. You also agree to any modifications, amendments, and terminations that we may make to the Terms of Use in the future. Your compliance with the Terms of Use will be synonymous to the agreement and acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
If any of the conditions in the Terms of Use are unenforceable or invalid, then it will be construed with the law that governs the Terms. The remaining portion of the Terms of the Use will still apply in full effect.
Disclaimer
We declare that the material we provide on this website is without warranty of any kind.
We cannot assure that access to the website or its functions will remain uninterrupted or free of errors due to the way data is stored in the server or probable malware or virus.
We do not make any representation of your access or use of the website in its correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise.
General Regulations
You may use and access this website for any other purpose except the following:
Reproducing or using any material on the company’s website for commercial purposes
Revising or changing any material on the website
Reproducing the material on the website to post in an external party’s website
Violating any of these stipulated rules may result in an intellectual property lawsuit.
Indemnification
You accept that we are not liable for any loss, damages, cost, or expenses from the direct, indirect, or inability to use or access the website. By agreeing to our Terms of Use, you are also relinquishing us from any claims, suits, demands, liabilities, or costs in connection with the use of the website to the extent of the law.
Termination
If you disagree with any or all of the Terms and wish to terminate this agreement, you may exit this website at any time.
Our Social Media
Categories
ALS Awareness
Family Issues
General Information
Recent Posts
Mental Health Ramblings – Taking Care Of A Loved One With ALS Results To Emotional Exhaustion
What You Need To Understand When Someone In Your Family Has ALS
Activity Suggestions For ALS Patients During Quarantine
Ways To Potentially Prevent Getting Multiple Sclerosis
Best Mental Health Apps To Help ALS Patients Cope During The Pandemic
Archives
November 2020
August 2020
June 2020
May 2020
March 2020
October 2019
September 2019
June 2019
April 2019
March 2019
February 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
August 2018
June 2018
May 2018
March 2018
Terms of Use Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Copyright © All Rights Reserved. 2020
Proudly powered by WordPress
|
Theme: BetterHealth by CanyonThemes.