http://fpnotebook.com/disclaimer.htm#privacy
Versions
Standard Desktop
Legacy Desktop
Mobile Web
Iphone/Ipad App
Help
Toggle navigation
Home
Home
Web Apps
Topic Index
About
Updates
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Books
Brain
Neurology Book
Mental Health Book
Head & Neck
Dentistry Book
Ophthalmology Book
Otolaryngology Book
Chest
Cardiovascular Medicine Book
Pulmonology Book
Endocrine
Endocrinology Book
Abdomen
Gastroenterology Book
Obstetrics Book
Gynecology Book
Nephrology Book
Surgery Book
Urology Book
Musculoskeletal
Orthopedics Book
Rheumatology Book
Sports Medicine Book
Skin
Dermatology Book
Infectious Disease
Human Immunodeficiency Virus Book
Infectious Disease Book
Hematology & Oncology
Hematology and Oncology Book
Cohorts
Gynecology Book
Obstetrics Book
Pediatrics Book
Geriatric Medicine Book
Urology Book
Diagnostics
Radiology Book
Laboratory Medicine Book
Emergency
Emergency Medicine Book
Findings
Symptoms
Signs
Procedures
Procedures
Prevention & Management
Practice Management Book
Prevention Book
Pharmacy
Pharmacology Book
Medications
EM
Resuscitation
ACLS/PALS
Newborn Resuscitation
Trauma
ATLS
Hemorrhagic Shock
Emergency Procedures
Emergency Procedures
Advanced Airway
Procedural Sedation
Chemical Restraint
Ultrasound
Ultrasound
Fast Exam
Cardiovascular Emergencies
Cardiogenic Shock
Acute Coronary Syndrome
Acute Limb Ischemia
Syncope
Lung Emergencies
Asthma Management
Infectious Disease
Sepsis
Pediatrics
Pediatric Emergency
Emergency Pediatric Dosing
Apparent Life-Threatening Events
Pediatric Dehydration Management
Neurologic Emergencies
Altered Level of Consciousness
CVA Management
Headache Management
Dizziness
Status Epilepticus
Skin
Skin Infection
Animal Bite
Envenomation
Burn Injury
Exposure
Accidental Hypothermia
Heat Related Illness
NeedleStick Injury
Miscellaneous
Diabetic Ketoacidosis
Hemodialysis Emergency
Abuse
Sexual Assault
Intimate Partner Violence
Elder Abuse
Child Abuse
Cancer
Cancer Emergency
Transition to Palliative Care
Administration
Patient Satisfaction
Documentation
4
advertisement
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
FPNotebook Library
Cardiovascular Medicine
Dentistry
Dermatology
Emergency Medicine
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Geriatric Medicine
Gynecology
Hematology and Oncology
Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Infectious Disease
Jokes
Mental Health
Neonatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Obstetrics
Ophthalmology
Orthopedics
Otolaryngology
Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
Pediatrics
Pharmacology
Practice Management
Prevention
Pulmonology
Radiology
Rheumatology
Sports Medicine
Surgery
Urology
1. Agreement
Family
Practice Notebook is an Internet-based on-line medical reference. By using this
website, you agree to the terms found here.  Please review these terms
periodically, as they may change without advanced notice.
2. License
You are
invited to use the Family Practice Notebook website for your personal use,
downloading or printing this information within the guidelines of these terms
and conditions.  You may not however reproduce any portion of these web pages'
text or graphics without prior written consent.
3. Links
For your convenience, Family Practice
Notebook links to other medical web sites.  Paid links are marked clearly
as advertisements.  The Family Practice Notebook LLC is not responsible for,
nor does it endorse the actions of other web sites or advertisers.  Please
let us know if you believe a link or advertisement to be distasteful, illegal,
inaccurate, or otherwise out of line with the values you expect from this
website.
4. Warranty Disclaimer
The Family Practice
Notebook website strives to offer reliable reference materials to medical
professionals.  Readers outside the medical profession are welcome to use
this website as a resource; this should, however, not be interpreted as medical
advice, and does not in any way replace professional medical care.
Patients should always address specific medical concerns with their physicians.
The Family Practice
Notebook website tries to maintain an accurate and up-to-date medical
database.  However, typographical errors and inaccurate information are
unavoidable with a project this size and with an ever changing medical
landscape.  The user of this website assumes complete responsibility in
applying any management strategies documented  here.  Healthcare
professionals need to use their own clinical judgement in interpreting this
medical information, and details such as medication dosages or laboratory normal
values should always be confirmed with other resources.  As always, this
website welcomes feedback to correct its errors.
The information found within this website is provided
as a service and is without guarantee.  You assume the risk of computer
viruses, worms, trojan horses and other destructive code by downloading files
from this website.
5. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Family Practice Notebook LLC, its
officers, directors, employees, authors, partners, and advertisers from and
against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's
fees, resulting from any violation of this agreement.
6. Waiver, Release and Limitation of Liability
You release Family Practice Notebook LLC, its officers, directors, employees, authors, partners, and
advertisers from any
liability relating to your use of  this website.
You waive any claims
for sustained losses or damages from use of Family Practice Notebook.
Notwithstanding, these claims should not exceed what the user paid to access
this medical information.
7. Third Party Rights
Family Practice Notebook LLC,
its officers, directors, employees, authors, partners, and advertisers may use
the provisions of paragraph 5 and 6 on their own behalf.
8. Severability
Each provision in this agreement
stands independently; they are severable.  In the event that any provision
herein is found to be invalid, this shall not affect the validity of the
remaining provisions.
9. Privacy
Maintaining the privacy of the web site user is important to the publishers of
the Family Practice Notebook.
Unlike the Fpnotebook IOS/Android versions which are supported by subscription, this website is supported by advertising. Modern website advertising (e.g. as of 2020) identifies individual users in order to serve targeted ads. However, fpnotebook does not sell any information about you collected on the website.
Ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to you by our Web advertising partners, and their policies are described below.
10. Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Per site author discretion, advertising is not accepted if it is degrades the overall quality of the site. Site users are encouraged to offer feedback regarding advertising quality.
The authors of this website have sole discretion over the content of the site;
medical accuracy is paramount.  Advertisers do not influence content.
Advertising is both labeled and clearly delimited from medical content.
11. Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
All modern browsers allow customization to disable cookies.
This website is still accessible despite disabling cookies; however certain added features may be unavailable without the use of cookies.
Fpnotebook does not sell your information to third parties.
However, third party advertisers may be able to identify you from cookies in your browser.
In addition, FPnotebook partners with UBM Medica for advertising, and users who specifically subscribe to UBM Medica's services may have their browsing history discerned by third parties. Again, disabling cookies in your internet browser will disable tracking.
12. Website traffic analysis
In order to monitor website usage, our traffic analysis solution may use "cookies."
The two traffic analysis tools used on this site are Google Analytics and Adobe Omniture.
FPnotebook uses these tools only to monitor overall trends in usage and return visitors, but not to collect personal information about the user.
As noted above, cookies may be disabled in your browser's option panel."
About
FPnotebook.com is a rapid access, point-of-care medical reference for primary care and emergency clinicians. Started in 1995, this collection now contains 6629 interlinked topic pages divided into a tree of 31 specialty books and 726 chapters. Content is updated monthly with systematic literature reviews and conferences.
Although access to this website is not restricted, the information found here is intended for use by medical providers. Patients should address specific medical concerns with their physicians.
This page was written by Scott Moses, MD, last revised on 8/18/2018 and last published on 8/18/2018.
Contact
Send a message
2015
Family Practice Notebook, LLC.
Terms | Privacy (EHS) | About | Site Map | Blog