https://gaincharity.org.uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statement apply to your use of Guillain-Barre & Associated Inflammatory Neuropathies (GAIN) website.  GAIN maintains this website as a convenience to its members and supporters. By using websites owned and operated by  GAIN, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use that may change at any time.
Intellectual Property Rights
This website is owned and operated by  GAIN. The rights in the designs, the pictures, photographs and content of this website are owned byGAIN, and are protected by intellectual property rights. You are permitted to print or download content for your own personal use only. You must not use any material on this website for any commercial purpose or on any other website, unless prior written permission has been sought.
Copyright
All material on this website is copyright ofGAIN, except where otherwise expressly stated.
Accuracy of information
Though much of the material on this site has been written by neurologists and other health professionals,GAIN is a registered charity and not a medically qualified organisation. The information on these pages is for general educational purposes only and should not be regarded as advice on the diagnosis or treatment of either the Guillain-Barré syndrome or any other medical condition. Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information provided, GAIN can neither be held responsible for such information nor be held responsible for information on linked sites. The information provided on this site is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient/site visitor and his/her existing doctor. Confidentiality of data relating to individual patients and visitors, including their identity, is respected.GAIN may change or update this website or links to other websites at any time.
Governing Law
The terms and your use of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and any disputes will be decided only by the Courts of England.
Disclaimer
gain offer weblinks to other websites for your convenience. In using one of these weblinks it is considered that you are leaving the GAIN website, therefore it does not offer any guarantees, endorsements or accept any responsibility for any such websites.
Privacy
GAIN is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This policy only covers this website. Weblinks from this website to other websites are not covered by this policy; users should check the Terms and Conditions of any other website they visit.
You can access and browse our website without disclosing your personal data. However, our forum does enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
GAIN collects the following information regarding visitors to our website: IP addresses, information regarding what pages are accessed and when. We use your IP address to help us to track usage behaviour and compile aggregate data that will allow content and navigation improvement of our website.
Our website uses email forms for visitors to request information on the condition, to register as friends or members or to make donations. We collect visitors’ contact information (i.e. email and postal address) and unique identifiers (i.e. date of birth). Contact information from the email form is used to send information to our visitors as specifically requested by them. Unique identifiers (such as Customer Reference Numbers) are generated to verify the user’s identity in our record system. Visitors’ contact information and unique identities will not be shared with third parties.
GAIN places great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our visitors. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data under our control. We have organisational and technical security measures in place to safeguard your personal information, and we are registered data controllers under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Emails are stored for a maximum of 90 days for reference purposes.
Charity Number – GAIN
Registered Charity No: 1154843 and SC039900
Registered office: Woodholme House Heckington Sleaford NG34 9JH
Contacting the website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you should contact the Website Administrator at office@gaincharity.org.uk. You have a legal right to a copy of all the personal information about you held by GAIN. You also have a right to correct any errors in that information.
Consent
You agree to use our website only for lawful purposes. You agree that you will not bring or use on our website any viruses or any other computer programming routine which damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions you agree that all information provided by you is complete, accurate and honest and that you will at all times use the website with common sense and care. GAIN reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions from time to time.
By continuing to use this website it is implied that you accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statement set out above.
Data Protection
The information provided will be held by GAIN for processing and administrative purposes in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We would like to keep you informed about our work and charity appeals and events. If at any time you prefer not to receive this please contact us on 01529 469910 or email: office@gaincharity.org.uk
Use Coupon code GAINBF at the checkout for 20% discount on all your shopping until midnight on 30 November.
Click Dismiss to view your basket Dismiss