https://gapa.net/privacy-policy/
Home
About GAPA
Events
News
Students
Members Only
Join/Renew
Your privacy is important to GAPA.net. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that we collect, and the ways in which we uses that personal information.
As you browse GAPA.net or any sub domains, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with GAPA.net. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’ targeted advertising.
By visiting www.gapa.net, third parties (such as AdRoll and Google) may place cookies (tracking pixels and related technologies) on your browser for targeted advertising purposes.
Some of the types of data we collect for targeted advertising could include IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and website activity.
This data may be used to track how you use our site by third parties (such as AdRoll and Google) to target ads to you on other sites based on your online activity. You can opt out of receiving targeted advertising using one of these websites: DAA opt-out site www.aboutads.info or the NAI opt-out site at networkadvertising.org/choices
Share this story:
Join GAPA Today!
Search:
Search for:
Upcoming Events
2021 Conference
Hilton Head Island,
South Carolina
July 12-16, 2021
PAC Donations
Donate today and strengthen the PA's voice in key legislative processes. Click here for more information »
GAPA empowers and affords Physician Assistants a voice in legislation, protects the right to practice, provides meaningful connections and the edge to succeed through quality education.
Sign up for our newsletter »
Stay connected to GAPA:
Contact Us Today:
770-640-1920
info@gapa.net
1905 Woodstock Road • Suite 2150
Roswell, GA 30075
Homepage
About GAPA
Events
Students
Members Only
Join GAPA Today!
Privacy Policy
©2020, GAPA. All rights reserved.
GAPA
HomepageAbout GAPAEventsStudentsMembers OnlyJoin GAPA Today!Privacy Policy
× Close Panel
GAPA 2021 Annual CME Conference
July 12-16, 2021 • Hilton Head Island, South Carolina
Subscribe and stay tuned for more details!
LEARN MORE
Join our
email list
Stay up-to-date with the latest news about the conference.
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
X