http://genesishealth.com/privacy.aspx
Skip to Content
Set Your Location
Update
Close
Set Your Location to See Relevant Information
Address, City or ZIP Code
Set My Location
Use Your Current Location
Setting your location helps us to show you nearby providers and locations based on your healthcare needs.
PH: 563-421-1000
NOW HIRING
Contact Us
Genesis Today
Health Resources
My Genesis
Main Navigation
Care & Treatment
Classes & Events
Find a Doctor
Our Locations
Patients & Visitors
COVID-19
Close
Search
Menu
Call ahead with COVID-19 symptoms or exposure. Learn more about COVID-19. COVID-19 Vaccine InformationGenesis Safe at Home COVID Care Program | Visitor Restrictions | Learn How Genesis Is Safe | Mask Up Quad Cities | COVID-19 Case Tracker
Get Care Now
Pay My Bill
Request an Appointment
View Health Records
Send a Cheer Card
Support Genesis
expand/collapseI want to
You are here:
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please view the Genesis Health System Notice of Privacy Practice.
Genesis Health System respects the privacy of every individual who visits our Web sites. This privacy statement provides notice of the standards and terms under which Genesis Health System protects the privacy of information supplied by visitors to sites on the World Wide Web that are owned and operated by Genesis Health System, including www.genesishealth.com and www.VitalSite.net. This privacy statement provides notice of our information collection practices and of the ways in which your information may be used. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to review this information.
What information does Genesis Health System collect and how is it used?
A. Personally-Identifiable Information:
Genesis Health System typically receives specific data about its Web site visitors only when such information is provided voluntarily, such as when our visitors request information, purchase or enroll for services, provide resume information for employment opportunities, or send us e-mail. Of course, some of these activities require that you give us information, such as when you make a purchase, use a credit card to pay for services, submit your resume, or request certain types of information. When you provide personally-identifiable information to Genesis Health System through one of our Web sites, it will be used to fulfill your specific request. In most cases, you will be given the opportunity to select whether you do, or do not, want Genesis Health System to use this information for additional purposes. You may also request that Genesis Health System not use your information by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@genesishealth.com, however, Genesis Health System reserves the right, in its discretion, to send you bulletins and other important information about your Genesis Health System services. Absent any instructions from you, Genesis Health System may use information you provide to inform you about additional services and products offered by the Genesis Health System family of companies, Genesis Health System authorized agents, and other goods and services providers with whom Genesis Health System has relationships and whose offerings might be of interest to you. Genesis Health System will not, however, sell or trade your personally-identifiable information unless we are authorized or legally required to do so, or in the case of imminent physical harm to the visitor or others. On those Genesis Health System sites where you may provide Genesis Health System with credit card or other ordering information via the web, Genesis Health System protects and secures this information by employing commercially customary web- based security and encryption protocols, examples of which include Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Secure Electronic Transaction (SET). On those sites where you voluntarily offer any feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like, Genesis Health System will treat that portion of the information as non-confidential and non-proprietary and, except as otherwise expressed in this privacy statement, Genesis Health System assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure.
B. Non Personally-Identifiable (Generic) Information:
In general, Genesis Health System gathers some generic information automatically. Generic information does NOT reveal the identity of the visitor. It usually includes information about the Internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors, and the Genesis Health System sites visited. Genesis Health System gathers this information for the limited purpose of determining customer service and Web site needs. We accomplish this by using certain technologies, including "cookies" (a technology that can be used to provide the visitor with tailored information about Genesis Health System services). Genesis Health System does not combine information collected in this way with any personally-identifiable information. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you can refuse it.
C. Your Genesis Health System-Hosted Web site, Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms and Third-Party Sites:
Information that you disclose in a public space, including on any bulletin board, chat room, or Web site Genesis Health System may host for you as part of your Genesis Health System services, is available to anyone else who visits that space. Genesis Health System cannot safeguard any information you disclose in these locations. Additionally, Genesis Health System Web sites contain links to sites that belong to third parties unrelated to Genesis Health System. Genesis Health System cannot protect any information you may disclose in these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit.
D. Exceptions and Limitations:
Notwithstanding the foregoing and in compliance with applicable laws, Genesis Health System (i) cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to Genesis Health System) or purported unlawful activities of any user of the Service, and (ii) takes reasonable measures to protect its proprietary rights. For the limited purposes of accomplishing such cooperation and measures and in compliance with applicable laws, Genesis Health System may be required to disclose personally identifiable information. In addition, Genesis Health System may elect to monitor the areas of communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Genesis Health System; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Genesis Health System or others. In connection with the potential sale or transfer of any of its interest in www.genesishealth.com, www.VitalSite.net and www.publisherengine.com and other sites owned by the company, Genesis Health System reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (including , but not limited to name, address information, and other information you provided to Genesis Health System) to a third party that (i) concentrates its business in communication products or services; (ii) agrees to be Genesis Health System's successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of information collected and maintained by Genesis Health System; and (iii) agrees to the obligations of this policy statement.
View Additional Section Content
Privacy Policy
MyGenesis
MyGenesis is a free and simple way to take control of your health care online.
View your health records
Manage your appointments
Message your provider
Pre-register for your hospital stay
Sign up today
Careers
News & Media
Safe Place
About Us
Quality Care
Support Genesis
Patient Privacy
Patient Rights
Disclaimer
Connect