https://giovanni-maciocia.com/legal-notices/?gdpr_active=no
Giovanni Maciocia
Books
The Channels of Acupuncture
Clinical Pearls
Diagnosis in Chinese Medicine – 2nd Edition
Diagnosis in Chinese Medicine – 1st Edition
The Energetics & Treatment of Body Areas– The Face
The Energetics and Treatment of Body Areas– The Vertex
The Foundations of Chinese Medicine – 3rd Edition
The Foundations of Chinese Medicine – 2nd Edition
The Foundations of Chinese Medicine – 1st Edition
Obstetrics and Gynaecology in Chinese Medicine
The Practice of Chinese Medicine – 2nd Edition
The Practice of Chinese Medicine – 1st Edition
The Psyche in Chinese Medicine
Tongue Diagnosis in Chinese Medicine
Herbal Formulae
Continuing Education
Continuing Education
Educational Presentations
Articles
Blog
Legal NoticesGiovanni Maciocia2020-09-18T12:02:18-08:00
Disclaimer, Liabilities & Privacy Policies
Disclaimer
Giovanni Maciocia® website does not give medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Content, such as words, pictures and other material found on giovanni-maciocia.com (the website) is for informational use only. The information provided through The website does not create any physician-patient relationship, nor should it be considered to take the place of getting advice from your doctor on diagnosis or treatment. Nothing contained on or provided through The website is intended or can be considered to constitute the practice or furnishing of medical, nursing, or professional health care advice, diagnosis, consultation, or treatment, or approval of any specific product, service, or treatment.
The website is not liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken based upon the information contained on or provided through The Website. Always speak with your doctor or other qualified caregiver with any questions you may have about a medical problem. Never ignore your doctor’s advice or wait to get medical help because of something contained in or provided through the website.
Limitation of Liability
The health information contained on our website is designed for educational purposes only. It is not intended to be a substitute for informed medical advice or care. You should not use this information to diagnose or treat any health problems or illnesses without consulting your doctor.
The products mentioned in our courses have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration or by Health Canada and are not intended to cure any disease.
Under no circumstances, shall Giovanni Maciocia® be liable for any incidental, special, indirect, or consequential damages arising out of the use of the books.
Shipping Policy
We ship to the USA and Canada and orders are usually processed in one business day. We offer FREE shipping via USPS Priority Mail for all orders. Please note that orders can take up to 5 business days to ship.
We are unable to make any changes to your order once it has been submitted because order processing sometimes starts immediately. If you would like additional items, please place a new order. We are unable to make order and price adjustments after your order has been submitted. Coupon codes must be used at checkout, they can be added using the section in checkout under shipping/taxes. We are unable to add a coupon code
or make an adjustment on the price to match the code for you after you have checked out.
Return Policy
If you need to return an item, please Contact Us or send an email to monika@acureausa.com with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond quickly with instructions for how to return items from your order. You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We’ll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc).
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund much more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper, the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request.
Unauthorized Use / Breach of Copyright
© Giovanni Maciocia®. All rights reserved. “Giovanni Maciocia®” is a registered trade mark of Su Wen Herbs. All other copyrights, trade mark rights and other intellectual property protecting products (and their names) and content offered from this site are the property of Su Wen Herbs (or their licensors).
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement was last updated on March 10, 2020 and describes how Giovanni Maciocia® collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, contact us online.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you: Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, message and phone number.
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We use this information to improve our website.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information.
We use another company (Google Analytics) to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site.
Links to Other Websites
Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of giovanni-maciocia.com. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us online.
Additional Policy Information
Our website includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, contact us online or mail to:
Giovanni Maciocia®
3905 State Street, Suite 7-470
Santa Barbara, CA
93105-5107
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Continued use of this site indicates that you accept this policy. Read more. Accept