https://girlsandboystown.org/privacy-policy/
Home
Relationships
Education
Environment
Travel
Housing
Outdoors
Pets
Legal
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Privacy Policy
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
GirlsAndBoysTown – Home, everyday life, education.
Home
Relationships
Steps You Should Take to Revive a Dying Relationship
Can Astrology Tell You If Your Relationship Will Last?
Is Non-Traditional Dating Here To Stay?
Modern Day Dating In The Digital Era: Online Dating
New Vocabularies That Have Been Incorporated Into Relationships
Education
Classrooms Without Walls, And Hopefully Covid
‘It Can Be Life Or Death’: The Parents In England Refusing…
Canada: The Federation Of Childcare Workers Of Quebec Calls An Indefinite…
Universities Move Freshmen Orientation Online Amid Covid-19
Schools Ready to Reopen, South African Education Minister Says
Environment
Sustainable Development And Implementation Of Diving And Snorkeling Standards
The Main Benefits Of Eco-Friendly Products
Exciting Ways To Study Climate Change In The United States
Promoting Green Initiative In American Cities
Climate Crisis Found To Harm Wine’s Production – And For How…
Travel
Reasons Why You Should Travel to Pakistan for Your Honeymoon
Travel The World With Cheap Getaway Deals
American Students Are Found Going To Soviet Sleepaway Camp, But Why?
China’s Corona Pandemic – A Nightmare For Tourists?
Cruise Tourism – Mankind’s Haven Or An Impending Peril?
Housing
Vaping A Better Alternative To Smoking
How You Can Avoid Mistakes When Selling Homes
Modern Painting Techniques You Should use to Paint Your House
Why Standby Generators are an Ideal Power Back-up Solution for Modern…
Factors to Consider before Hiring House-Cleaning Services
Outdoors
Saltwater Fly Rod Sport With Kahawai
DIFW Opportunity May Interest You
NY Hunting Licenses Surge As COVID-19 Pandemic Has People Seeking ‘More…
Snowsports Expected To Grow 29% This Winter Due To The Pandemic
Whistleblower: Grand Canyon National Park Stored Radioactive Materials In Museum Building…
Pets
How to Avoid Scams When Buying Puppies Online
Benefits Of Children Growing Up With Pets
How To Fly With Your Pets
Here Are Tips To Use If You Are Travelling With A…
Millennials And Their Trends: Humanization Of Animals
Legal
House Republicans To Sue Pelosi Over Remote Proxy Voting In Pandemic
Supreme Court Decides No Signature, No Problem
Guidelines Of 2020 Annual Tax And Customs Control Plan: Measures Concerning…
NYC’s 1st Pandemic Jury Trial: Masks, Murmurs, Wary Jurors
Division Over Roberts’ Louisiana Abortion Opinion Flares Up In Lower Courts
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 21 June, 2019
GirlsandBoysTown (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the GirlsandBoysTown website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://girlsandboystown.org
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
978FansLike1,044FollowersFollow674FollowersFollow
Exciting Ways To Study Climate Change In The United States
Melissa Tylor -
6 June, 2020
Every day, the climate of the planet is in a constant state of flux. Temperatures are on the rise, disruptions in the patterns of...
Climate Crisis Found To Harm Wine’s Production – And For How...
Melissa Tylor -
4 February, 2020
Just in case, if you are thinking of hollering your way through our bleak future with a good glass of wine…Well…A recent study published...
Factors to Consider before Hiring House-Cleaning Services
Melissa Tylor -
23 August, 2020
Let’s face it! You always get overwhelmed one moment or the other with house cleaning duties. So much overwhelming can these duties be that...
Details About Pool Remodeling And Renovating Process
Melissa Tylor -
13 August, 2020
Every homeowner wants a comfort source around their home, be it a tree, or a swimming pool. Certainly, the majority of homeowners would love...
The Main Benefits Of Eco-Friendly Products
Melissa Tylor -
24 June, 2020
Our environment has suffered a lot from the activities of human beings day in and day out because there were limited actions taken towards...
Important Steps You Have To Follow When Buying A Home
Melissa Tylor -
5 August, 2020
Shelter remains one of the three essential things a man needs to survive in the world as it provides man with warmth and protection....
Snowsports Expected To Grow 29% This Winter Due To The Pandemic
Melissa Tylor -
2 November, 2020
COVID-19 restrictions on indoor spaces pushed more people outdoors over the summer, and that trend is expected to continue in the coming months as...
Covid-19 Contracts Smell Of Cronyism – So I’m Taking The Government...
Melissa Tylor -
3 November, 2020
Lucrative deals are being handed out to inexperienced associates of ministers and advisers. It has to stop...
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy