https://glaucoma.uk/terms-and-conditions/
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This page sets out the terms on which you may access and make use of the website glaucoma.uk. By using the site, you agree to these terms and conditions; if you do not agree to them, please do not use the site.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England, and any dispute arising from these terms and conditions or your use of this website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
About us
References to ‘our’, ‘we’ or ‘us’ are references to Glaucoma UK which is the operating name of the International Glaucoma Association (IGA). IGA is a charity registered in England and Wales under number 274681 and SC041550 in Scotland. The IGA is a Registered Company number 1293286 with its registered offices at Woodcote House, 15 Highpoint Business Village, Henwood, Ashford, Kent TN24 8DH.
References to ‘you’, ‘your’ and ‘yours’ are references to the person(s) accessing the Glaucoma UK website.
Disclaimer and Liability
Material included in this website is for general use only. ‘Material’ means any information, data, text, graphics, links, programming code or other material published, contained or available on the website.  The content provided is for information purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for medical consultation with an appropriately qualified professional. Nothing contained in the website is intended to advocate or recommend the purchase of any product or use of any service or to endorse or guarantee the credentials or appropriateness of any health care provider. You are strongly advised to consult with an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
Glaucoma UK uses reasonable care in compiling and presenting the information on this site.  While all reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of content, Glaucoma UK does not assume liability for any errors or omissions in the content on this site, including but not limited to inaccuracies, outdated information, typographical errors, or broken, outdated or inaccurate links. The site, and all the information contained in it, is provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of any kind, express or implied, and the IGA expressly disclaims liability.
The Site includes links to external websites which we believe may be of interest to users of our website. These are provided for your information and benefit; the IGA has no control over the contents or availability of these sites or the quality of services offered through third party service providers. We do not endorse and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of them is subject to your agreement to their terms and conditions.
If you would like to request a link from our website to your website, please email info@glaucoma.uk Please be aware that we receive lots of requests for links, so you may not get a direct reply to your request, particularly if we feel the link isn’t suitable.
Site access
Whilst we try to ensure that the website is available 24-7, we shall not be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to the website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
Intellectual property rights, copyright and trademarks
Glaucoma UK is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the site, and in the material published on it. All such rights are reserved. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off the site or downloaded, you must not use any of the materials on this site for commercial purposes without  written consent from us or our licensors.
The name and logos of Glaucoma UK may not be used without our prior consent.
We encourage links to our site where such links would help the people we support, and hence permission is not required to link to the website. However links should not be used to imply Glaucoma UK endorsement of third party sites, related products or services, and we reserve the right to request the removal of any link.
Online payments and donations
Although this site uses encryption security software in areas where on-line payment details are accepted, the security of information and payments transmitted via the internet cannot be guaranteed. Any loss incurred or sustained by you when transmitting information by means of email or other internet links shall be borne solely and exclusively by you and in no event shall any such loss in whole or in part be borne by Glaucoma UK or its agents.
Glaucoma UK reserves the right to vary the prices of any goods listed on this site, without notice. Glaucoma UK also reserves the right to refuse to supply goods or services to any organisation or individual, and to refuse to accept any payment or donation without explanation.
Purchases made online
By placing an order for goods on our site, you agree to these terms and conditions.  This does not affect your statutory rights.
Credit card charges are made in pounds sterling. Prices may vary without notice at any stage. The supply of goods from this site is subject to availability, and we cannot guarantee to inform you at the point of order if goods are available. In the event of goods being unavailable, we will offer you the option of a similar alternative item.
We aim to deliver your goods to you within 28 days from receipt of your order; please allow this period before querying non-delivery. Delivery can be made within the UK only. Please be aware that parcels can be bulky, and if your order is large please ensure that someone is available to take receipt on delivery.
In the event that a product purchased from us proves to be unsatisfactory due to defective workmanship or faulty material, you can return it to us for a replacement or full refund.
In accordance with the Consumer Rights Act 2015, you are entitled to a cooling-off period of 14 days from the date your order is delivered. If you no longer wish to keep your purchases, you have the unconditional right to cancel your order. Any unwanted items must be returned complete with packaging and in an un-used and re-saleable condition. You must inform us by telephoning 01233 64 81 70 and a full refund will be issued within 14 days of return of the unwanted item.  Please note, you are responsible for the cost of returning goods to us unless the item has been delivered in error.
Online forum
Our online forum is a space where people living with and affected by glaucoma can share experiences and provide mutual support. It is moderated by Health Unlocked staff and Glaucoma UK staff, and we reserve the right to remove or amend any content without notice, or to ban users who do not comply with these terms and conditions.
You may not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. In particular but not exclusively, you are prohibited from posting any material:
That is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, in breach of confidence or privacy.
For which you do not have the necessary approvals, permissions or licences.
Which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, or gives rise to civil liability.
Which contains malicious code, viruses or other harmful programmes or material (including but not limited to spyware, adware, devices, programs, robots, iframes, hidden pictures, redirects, spiders, computer scripts or other automated, artificial or fraudulent methods designed to deceive).
Which advertises commercial products or services, or promotes products that claim to cure glaucoma; such messages will be deleted.
We encourage those posting on the forum to:
Maintain respect for other users and keep posts polite and relevant.
Post messages only once, under the relevant thread, and use only one account to post from.
Safeguard your own privacy and that of others – do not include personal details such as addresses, phone number or email contact details.
Be patient and considerate of other forum users; please remember that posts are read by people of many different ages and backgrounds, so please ensure that your message is appropriate for anyone to read.
If you are under 18, you must get a parent or guardian’s permission before posting in the forum.  Never reveal any personal information about yourself, and never arrange to meet up with people you talk to on the internet.
Opinions expressed in the forum are users’ own, not those of Glaucoma UK. They are not a substitute for medical advice.
To report inappropriate content or behaviour, please email info@glaucoma.uk
Privacy and Data Protection
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. For more information please see our Privacy policy
Changes to these Terms and conditions
We reserve the right to change these Terms and conditions at any time. Please check back regularly because the amended Terms and Conditions will apply to your continued use of the website.
Policy last updated: June 2020
X