https://glenwood.org/about-us/privacy-and-security-policy/
Privacy and Security Policy
Glenwood, Inc.
Help us make a difference
Pecans
Donate
Campaign
Skip to content
About Us
History
Mission and Vision
Main Campus-Birmingham
Locations
Leadership Staff
Board Members
Junior Board
Accreditation
Annual Report
Video Gallery
Services
ABA Services
Outpatient & Community Services
Occupational Therapy
Speech-Language Therapy
Managing Crisis Safely (MCS) Training
Child & Adolescent Services
Children’s Residential Services
Allan Cott School
Daniel House Programs and Lakeview School
Adult Services
Residential Admissions
Family & Community Services (FACS)
Education Training
Resources
Resource Directory
Privacy Practices
Child and Adult Care Food Program
Ways To Give
Donate
Planned Giving
Capital Campaign
2021 A Night Under the Big Top
2020 Ireland Legacy Golf Tournament
Wish List
AmazonSmile
Contact
Directions to Birmingham Campus
Connect with Glenwood
Complaint/Request for Review Form
Employment
Benefits
Search for:
Privacy and Security Policy
Security Certificate and Privacy Statement
Security Certificate
You can view the security certificate that is used on all shopping cart pages for this website by:
Internet Explorer Users: Choose File > Properties, then choose Certificates.
Mozilla Firefox Users: Right-Click and choose View Page Info, then choose the Security tab.
Note: You must be on a shopping cart check out page to view the Security Certificate.
This website supports authentication for all shopping cart pages. The identity of this website has been verified by Equifax, a certificate authority.
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Privacy Statement
Glenwood, Inc. will not use your email address or other contact information provided in any way other than to supply requested information or goods from Glenwood, Inc.
Glenwood, Inc. Notice of Privacy Practices
(205) 969-2880 |
© 2009 - 2020 Glenwood, Inc.
All rights reserved. |
·Back to Top
·Privacy and Security Policy
·Refund Policy
·Shipping Policy / Delivery Policy
Glenwood is a nonprofit organization incorporated in 1974 for the purpose of educating and treating individuals diagnosed with autism, behavioral health disorders and mental illnesses. Glenwood is devoted to helping individuals reach their full potential and be productive members of society. Glenwood's campus is located on 363 acres in Birmingham, Alabama.
DataPerk Web Hosting