https://globalhealth.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
This website is owned and operated by Global Health Council. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about how we treat the information they provide to us. This privacy policy addresses those concerns.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can contact us at:
Global Health Councilc/o Global Impact1199 North Fairfax Street, Suite 300Alexandria, Virginia 22314 Tel: 800.836.4620 FREELocal: 703.717.5200Fax: 703.717.5215
Our Policy
Global Health Council respects the privacy of its online visitors and donors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view public areas of our site. Global Health Council only gathers personally identifiable data that is voluntarily submitted by the visitor, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes and e-mail addresses.
Information Collection
Global Health Council is the sole owner of the information collected on our website. We collect information from our visitors at several different points, and we do not sell or trade it.
Donations
We request information from the visitor on our donation form. A visitor must provide contact information (such as name, e-mail and mailing address) and payment information (such as credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and for sending a receipt of the donation. If we have trouble processing a donation, we use the information to contact the visitor. If the visitor has expressly given us permission, we may share his or her name and contact information with carefully selected organizations and charities that we feel would interest that donor. Where requested by the visitor, we will provide information on larger donations to appropriate charities and donors for tax purposes. Financial and credit card information is NEVER released.
Other Sections
We request information from the visitor on our forms. A visitor must provide contact information such as name, e-mail and address. We use this information for internal purposes only, and it is not shared with third parties.
Tell-A-Friend
We request information from the visitor in our Tell-a-Friend referral service. A visitor must provide their name and e-mail, as well as the name and e-mail of their friend(s). This information is not shared with outside organizations. Global Health Council stores this information for the sole purpose of sending a one-time e- mail and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend(s) may contact Global Health Council at unsubscribe@charity.org to request the removal of this information from our database.
Information Use
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies and log files in order to create a profile of our visitors. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual visitors that details their viewing preferences. We do not share your profile with third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor’s computer that is tied to information about the visitor. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. Once a visitor closes the browser, the session ID cookie terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the visitor’s hard drive for an extended period of time. It enables us to track and target the interests of our visitors, in order to enhance the experience on our site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If a visitor rejects cookies, he or she may still use every public part of our site. We do not share information gathered though cookies with third parties.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track visitor’s movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are only linked to personally identifiable information when online credit card transactions are conducted (i.e., when donations are made). We do not share individual information gathered though log files with third parties.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make a good faith effort to preserve visitor privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when we believe that we are legally required to do so (e.g., to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website).
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Global Health Council, have no control over and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site that they should read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Interactive Features
From time to time, our site requests information from visitors via interactive features, such as surveys or quizzes. Participation in these features is completely voluntary and therefore the visitor has a choice of whether or not they disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and e-mail), and information on the visitor’s interests. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and providing pertinent information to participants. Visitors’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties.
Referrals
If a visitor elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask the visitor for the friend’s name and e-mail address. Global Health Council will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail with an introduction to Global Health Council and an invitation to visit the site. The one-time e-mail will include the name of the person making the referral. Global Health Council stores this information for the sole purpose of sending a one-time e-mail and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact Global Health Council at unsubscribe@charity.org to request the removal of this information from our database.
Security
This website takes many precautions to protect our visitors’ information. When visitors submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our donation form asks visitors to enter sensitive information (such as credit card information), it is encrypted and protected with one of the best encryption software programs in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to being un-locked, or open, as occurs when visitors are just ‘surfing.’
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we make every good faith effort to protect visitor information off-line. All of our visitors’ information, not just sensitive information, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who require the information to perform a specific job are granted access to data that is personally identifiable.
If visitors have any questions about the security of our website, they may contact us via e-mail.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so that our visitors are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use visitors’ personally identifiable information in a manner significantly different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify visitors via e-mail and will not disclose the information unless express permission is granted. However, if visitors have opted out of all communication with the site or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner.
Want to stay up-to-date on coronavirus?
Visit our COVID-19 page for the latest.
CLOSE