https://glucosamine-arthritis.org/privacy-policy/
Arthritis in pets
Glucosamine Research
Arthritis News Feed
Discussion forum
Glucosamine Products
Glucosamine Center
Articles & Resources
Arthritis Center
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Arthritis and Glucosamine Information Center has created this statement to demonstrate our commitment to on-line privacy. It discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for this website.You may visit our website without submitting any information about yourself. If you send us e-mail or subscribe to one of our on-line publications, you will be asked to submit information about yourself. We will use this information for replying to your message or forwarding the requested material. We may at times share this information with our related partners, affiliates or members of our network. Our website may log the IP addresses of visitors, but only to administer the site and diagnose problems with our server. IP addresses are not used to identify individuals. This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy practices or content.Please note that The Arthritis and Glucosamine Information Center will not respond to any question concerning a specific medical or health condition. If you submit such a request you will receive a standard response that you should consult with your own health care professional. Of course, we will not intentionally share the contents of this type of an e-mail with any third party. However, due to the nature of electronic communications, we cannot and do not provide any assurances that the contents of your e-mail will not become known or accessible to third parties.WE URGE YOU NOT TO PROVIDE ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU OR YOUR HEALTH TO US VIA ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION. If you do so, it is at your own risk.If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, you can contact us at privacy@glucosamine-arthritis.org. Also, please read the Terms of Use for this Web site.
Copyright © 2019-2029 All Rights Reserved.
Statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not provided to
diagnose any disease or to suggest that liquid glucosamine will treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Website designed and hosted by DTC Health. Website Funding and Support by DTC Health.
Any specific endorsements made about Flexicose on this site are made by DTC Health.
the makers of Flexicose and other high quality nutraceuticals.
DTC Health
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of use
|
Site Map
|
Links and Resources
Mangata Global Enterprises, Inc.