http://greaterclevelandsafetycouncil.com/privacy
Banner
Intro
Driver Classes
Upcoming Events
Routing
AASC
Welcome
About
Contact
Join
Classes
All Classes
Adult Remedial Driving
Juvenile Driver Improvement
Defensive Driving
First-Aid & CPR
Fork Lift Certification
Custom Programs
Members
BWC Rebate Program
Resources
Safety Program Materials
Member Companies
Pay An Invoice
BWC Semi-Annual Report
Events
Privacy Policy1. Our Policy.Greater Cleveland Safety Council (the "Company" "we," or "us"), respects and understand our website www.greaterclevelandsafetycouncil.org (the "site") users' concerns about confidentiality and privacy and we take all reasonable steps to ensure that any information you give us is handled in a safe and responsible manner. Because of our respect and understanding of your privacy, we have developed this policy which discloses the Company's privacy practices and describes the information we collect about you during your use of our site and what use we may make of that information.It is important to remember that by using our site, you agree to the terms of this policy. Because the technology in this area is expanding and improving at such a rapid pace, we suggest that you refer to this policy on a regular basis as it may change, at any time in the Company's sole discretion, in order to allow us to take advantage of any technological advances or for business purposes or legal reasons.2. Information That We May Collect.We collect your information in different areas of our site. The exact information collected varies depending on the areas of our site that you use. We collect all information that you voluntarily disclose in the course of using our site, or in becoming a registered user of our site. In the future, we may require further information as dictated by the nature of the services that we may offer.In the course of using our site, we automatically track certain information about you. This information includes the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you go to next (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. Many sites automatically collect this information. In addition, we may decide to use cookies on certain pages of our site. Cookies can help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session.3. Our Use of Your Information.We internally use personally identifiable information to improve our services, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content, to customize our site's content and layout and for other customer service purposes. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs.We will also use personally identifiable information to deliver information that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as promotional e-mails. If you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive occasional e-mail from us announcing services, product information, promotional events, or updates to our website. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please send us an e-mail to info@greaterclevelandsafetycouncil.org indicating your e-mail address.4. Our Disclosure of Your Information.We do not sell, lend or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party outside of the Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries, authorized agents, operating companies and other related entities. We only disclose information to third parties when it is reasonably necessary in order to allow us to perform our services and deliver information, goods and services to you.We cooperate with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce, the rights of others and all and any federal, state or local law or regulation. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials, including any government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), third parties may unlawfully intercept or access files, transmissions or private communications. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private.5. Third Party Collectors of Information.Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to third parties, whether service providers, advertisers or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Third party service providers, advertisers and other website operators adhere to their own privacy customs and policies. Because we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We do not make any representations or warranties as to how such third parties may use your information.6. Contacting the Website.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or our practices regarding our site, you can e-mail us at info@greaterclevelandsafetycouncil.org.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
We respect your privacy.
Thank you!