http://gruntdoc.com/category/medicine/policy
GruntDocRamblings of an Emergency Physician in TexasRamblings of an Emergency Physician in Texas
You are here: Home / Archives for Medicine / PolicyThe Rape of Emergency Medicine, 2017 version
January 2, 2017
by GruntDoc Summa Health, an Ohio Hospital system, recently changed ED contracts from their 40 year group to a new one. On FOUR DAYS’ NOTICE! Four days, over the Christmas/New Year’s Holiday. That sounds distinctly unsafe, beyond the gross lack of sense, or commitment to a 40 year partner.
In case you think this is going smoothly, here’s a post to the ACEP ED Informatics Section from one of their former doctors (reproduced here with permission in its entirety):
I wanted to inform you, my colleagues, about what is going on at my home institution.   You all know me as a colleague and a fierce advocate of patient safety in EHRs. I have published on EHR patient safety for ACEP task forces and I am heading up a new ACEP task force on EHR patient safety issue reporting. It is with sadness that I have to tell you what is going in right now at my home institution.
Summa has gone to paper.
About 36 hours ago, our contract was taken over by US Acute Care Solutions (USACS) formerly EMP, through a scandalous process, but they literally created no plan for EHR transition.  I was the director of informatics and I, along with the rest of the physicians, was notified 4 days before New Years Eve that we were out.  We were told that when the ball dropped, our contract was over.  The physicians coming in to take over were to arrive at the facility for the first time 1 hr before their shifts and we were to sign out to doctors that had no EHR access.  No access to old records, CPOE, PACS, etc.  They went the first 30 hours without access.  Nurses were asked to do triage protocols and put the orders in under the new medical director, the only one with an account.  This morning at 30 hrs into the process some were to start training.   Now, the only information I get now is hearsay.  We strongly believe the EMP/USACS has no chance of safely staffing our 5 EDs with a total of 175k volume using part-time docs who have other full time jobs.  Our 55 docs and 20 PAs are sitting at home right now, scared for the patients that show up at the hospitals where their group spent the last 4 decades saving lives.  As a board certified clinical informaticist, I offered my services up until midnight when our contract ended but they elected to move another direction.  To the patients of Summa, I’m sorry.
Anatomy of a takeover.
As all of you are emergency physicians, I thought you’d be interested in how something like this might happen.  It is sort of a tangent to the EHR story, but I’ll include it because it is so interesting.  I’ve attached various references and additional information about the ongoing issue.  In short, the wife of Dom Bagnoli (USACS/EMP’s CEO) is the individual our hospital assigned to work out the contract renewal.  USACS/EMP has long been our chief rival in the area, so this is an obvious conflict of interest. Summa has an ethics policy that against even perceived conflicts, so two of our ED physician executive recused themselves from the process although she did not.  EMP had former Summa contracts, but had poor quality, staffing issues, and bad EMS relationships and lost their contracts or sold them to other staffing companies.  The hospital system drug its feet on negotiations until the last minute.  Contract negotiations failed when Summa (the health system) wanted SEA (Summa Emergency associates-our physician group) to fund the residency core faculty hours and wanted us to continue staffing under-performing stand-alone ERs that were built in inappropriate markets.  We found out later that they had already been talking to EMP.
EMP is offering $100k signon bonuses, and we have heard they are paying temporary doctors up to $1000 per hour during the first 2 week transition.  I do ask you as a colleague not to take advantage of this opportunity–it may benefit you this week, but it hurts us all in the long run.
The hospital house staff council has voted no confidence against the CEO.  The EM residency director has pulled the EM residents from the ED to keep them from having to work with non-vetted, non-EM, and non-Board certified physicians.  He does not believe that it is safe for them and they should not be subject the undue service requirements of a hospital CEO’s bad decisions.
We are hopeful that EMP/USACS will not be able to run the residency and the department, and that negotiation will resume to restore a safe emergency care in Akron.
Sincerely,
{Redacted}
Newspaper Sources:
http://www.ohio.com/news/local/resident-physicians-at-summa-health-vote-no-confidence-in-system-president-1.737494
http://www.ohio.com/lifestyle/health/fire-chiefs-concerned-about-summa-health-system-emergency-room-plans-1.737312
http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/summa-health-bringing-in-new-doctor-group-to-staff-its-ers-starting-new-year-s-day-1.737043
http://www.ohio.com/business/emergency-in-the-er-come-jan-1-it-s-unclear-which-doctors-will-be-staffing-summa-s-emergency-rooms-1.736916
While I have no dog in this fight individually, all ED docs need to be aware that this isn’t just happening in the Bad Old Days, it happened this year.
I feel worst for the 55 former physicians and 20 PA’s of the Summa ED’s who were so disrespected by Summa, and fellow Emergency Physicians. It will make it very hard for them to trust in their new employment, wherever that may be. I hope they don’t take the money bait and help bail these new contract holders out.
For those who aren’t familiar with the title of this post, here’s a link to the original book The Rape of Emergency Medicine as a free .pdf.
Filed Under: Emergency, Policy, Web/Tech ABEM and their new POS TOS
September 1, 2016
by GruntDoc A guest post! (Finally, a use for my blog)!
So there I was, just cruising the Internet, when I thought to myself, “Jeepers! It’s about time I checked on my ABEM Maintenance of Certification status! Golly, I might be late for the latest LLSA!”
Well, not really. But anyway, there I was on the ABEM website, when I ran into this rather odious new “click here to consent” barrier (see below).
Most of it was pretty standard – I certify everything is true, I won’t cheat on the exam, I won’t share test questions – OK, fine. Then we get to the particularly unsavory bits:
1. a mandatory arbitration clause.
This is a big deal, especially with the whole hubbub with ABIM and their MOC controversy. Essentially you are waiving the right to sue ABEM and must turn things over to an arbitrator, who is almost always going to find in favor of the big company and not you, the individual. And oh by the way, if there’s a dispute, you have to schlep out to Ingham County, Michigan to do this arbitration – not in your home court system.
No me gusta.
Here’s some information on why mandatory arbitration doesn’t benefit you:
http://www.hotcoffeethemovie.com/default.asp?pg=mandatory_arbitration
TL;DR: pre-dispute mandatory arbitration is biased towards the larger organization and should be avoided at all costs. Given that ABEM is made up of us, the emergency physicians, we should be able to tell our specialty board to take their arbitration clause and shove it.
2. mandatory personal information sharing with Elsevier’s for-profit “Official ABMS Directory”.
The other part that I find undesirable is the mandated information sharing. I hate getting 15,000 tons of locums spam, advertising, and a bunch of other garbage in either my home or my work mail box, to say nothing of the ‘helpful’ phone calls and emails from headhunters trying to fill an EM job in BFE.
And yet, ABEM is mandating that we share our personal information with Elsevier – to then publish in in a for-profit “doctor’s directory”?
To put it bluntly – EFF NO.
I’m an emergency physician. I don’t need to advertise. I don’t need to have people “looking me up” to see if I’m board certified. And oh by the way, I don’t have an “office” – so I use my home address for most of my certification stuff. I definitely don’t want that info out in public, especially given the casual disregard to privacy that is all too prevalent today. In my opinion, the less personal information shared, the better.
But there’s NO WAY to opt out of this information sharing. Emailing or contacting Elsevier goes nowhere. We’ll see what happens with ABEM.
Quite honestly, I find that overall, there’s little regard to doctors’ privacy, because people think “oh, you want people to find you so you get more business”. No, I don’t – not in our specialty. People find me just fine – they look for the big blue H sign on the highway, or the brightly lit sign that says “EMERGENCY – Physician on Duty”. I don’t need ‘helpful’ directories to publish all of my information.
I’ve sent out an email to ABEM, at abem@abem.org and moc@abem.org. You should too.
Let’s fix this before it gets out of control.
Sameer Bakhda, M.D.
Monterey, California
Twitter: @sameerucla
(Many thanks to Dr. Bakhda for the post! FYI, the title is mine, so blame me for that.)
Filed Under: Emergency, Guest, MedBloggers, Policy How To Discourage a Doctor | The Health Care Blog
September 22, 2014
by GruntDoc A modern parable.
RICHARD GUNDERMAN, MD
Not accustomed to visiting hospital executive suites, I took my seat in the waiting room somewhat warily.
Seated across from me was a handsome man in a well-tailored three-piece suit, whose thoroughly professional appearance made me – in my rumpled white coat, sheaves of dog-eared paper bulging from both pockets – feel out of place.
Within a minute, an administrative secretary came out and escorted him into one of the offices. Exhausted from a long call shift and lulled by the quiet, I started to doze off. Soon roused by the sound of my own snoring, I started and looked about.
That was when I spotted the document on an adjacent chair. Its title immediately caught my eye: “How to Discourage a Doctor.”
via How To Discourage a Doctor | The Health Care Blog.
Filed Under: Policy ACEP Now still silent on EM President interviews.
August 17, 2014
by GruntDoc Which is terrible, yet predictable.
ACEP Now | The Official Voice of Emergency Medicine.
Yeah, it’s completely devoid of interviews or conversations with the purported future leaders of Emergency Medicine.
What a surprise.
Again, if you’re running for President of ACEP but abide by the Gag Order, you aren’t worthy, and we (as a specialty) shouldn’t support them.
Filed Under: Policy, Rants My professional college beclowns itself
June 25, 2014
by GruntDoc A fisking of a paranoid, ill-considered and frankly stupid idea a 9th grader would be ashamed to put forth. From the American College of Emergency Physicians ‘leadership’.
ACEP Clarifies Campaign Rules
By James M. Cusick, MD, FACEP
Chair, Candidate Forum Subcommittee of the ACEP Council
ACEP is a member-driven organization with a representative body of our peers – the ACEP Council – chosen through component bodies, including our chapters (1 representative per 100 members), our Sections of Membership, and other aligned organizations.
There follows some boilerplate language designed to get you to tune out.
None of this is aimed at the author, BTW, I have no doubt he was asked to write this and didn’t make this decision. This is about the College and a terrible decision that reflects poorly on it.
In addition, protections were incorporated into the rules to keep candidate interviews in ACEP publications. Our goal is to avoid candidates being put in the position of commenting on College policy without adequate preparation and to ensure that the campaign process is fair and equal for all candidates.
Wait, what? Candidate interviews for ACEP positions can only be in ACEP house organs? Is Stalin in charge? And for the rationale of “…being put in the position of commenting on College policy without adequate preparation and to ensure that the campaign process is fair and equal for all candidates” means ‘we intend to cover up for the candidates we really want to win, and the gaffes from the unworthy will be published in bold print, but rest assured if you’re our selection it’ll totally be glossed or even left out’.
Count on that. And that’s bollocks.
It’s the biggest horse shit this college has dumped in quite a while, and that isn’t how I want my college to represent itself because that’s how it represents me. Really, if you’re running for President of ACEP, you should be able to handle a non-coddled interview. Seriously, you’re going to say they’re too fragile to be interviewed ‘without adequate preparation…’ and then expect them to deal with legislators and their staffs who are dealing with skilled negotiators and people who know what they are there for? No thanks, I’d rather know the warts and all right up front, not filtered through the ACEP info-seive.
Certain candidates may unfairly benefit from coverage in non-ACEP publications, while some may be disadvantaged. In order to ensure a fair election, campaign questions and the vetting of candidates is the responsibility of ACEP, its Council and its Council Committees.
Umm, no, it’s the right of all of ACEP to know who’s running for office, what their unfiltered views are, and how they handle themselves with tough questions from tough questioners. It’s called campaigning, it’s not the pinewood derby. The very idea that ACEP can make an election totes fair by limiting the questions and answers to their own publications is laughable, were it not so tragically and pathetically sad. If you’re worried someone has an unfair advantage, Editorialize in ACEP Now, and their 150 avid readers can spread the word. But this entire approach is insulting to the intelligence and spirit of ER docs in our great nation.
(Any of you ER docs want to make sure your patients are only presented one at a time, with discreet illnesses and injuries, with a pre-selected choice card of correct diagnoses? No? It’s because we live and work in the real world, and that’s an absurd proposition, like this).
Also, and some may not be aware, but this is most likely a reaction to the excellent challenge by Dr. Greg Henry, ACEP Past-President and fixture asking for a robust questioning in his April 28, 2014 article ACEP, let’s set a real agenda. Read that article, and the kind of questions he wanted to ask, then you’ll see this in-house gag order for what it is: cover for their chosen.
If you’re a candidate for president and you buy into these rules, I know you’re not ready for the job.
If there are specific questions you would like asked of the candidates prior to the election, please send them to communications@acep.org. The Candidate Forum Subcommittee will consider them, the selected questions will be posed to candidates and their responses will be made public.
Really. You’re not only going to vet the answers and decide what goes out you’re going to control the questions, too? Here are a couple for you: a) boxers or briefs, and b) puppies or kittens?
I for one would like to have someone bathed in the knowledge of fights won and lost ask our presidential candidates hard questions about the tough choices facing ACEP, but we will absolutely not get it with this format. On purpose.
Hell, we’ll be lucky to find out if they like puppies.
via ACEP Clarifies Campaign Rules « The Central Line.
Filed Under: Policy, Rants You Can’t Yelp Your Doctor – The Daily Beast
May 27, 2014
by GruntDoc Some of the country’s best doctors have the worst patient satisfaction scores. Here’s why.Part of being a doctor is learning to suppress your feelings. You get good at being what people need you to be. But it slowly transforms you into something you couldn’t have foreseen—a sort of Stepford doctor—pleasing everyone with your perfect smile and agreeable demeanor, hoping that your patient satisfaction survey will be favorable, no matter the cost.
Press Ganey is one of the top providers of patient satisfaction surveys, according to the Forbes article, Why Rating Your Doctor Is Bad For Your Health.The government has bet big on these surveys, as a recent article in Forbesnotes. Armed with the idea that “patient is always right,” Washington figured that more customer satisfaction data “will improve quality of care and reduce costs.”
That turns out to have been a bad bet.
via The Mask Your Doctor Hides Behind – The Daily Beast.
Read the whole thing, but it’s what your doctors, especially the hospital based ones, have been saying since day 1.
Filed Under: Policy Healthcare Reform Update: Doc employment won’t lead to lower healthcare spending, research shows | Modern Healthcare
May 12, 2014
by GruntDoc You don’t say.
Market share and prices tend to climb among hospitals that employ doctors but not for hospitals with looser contracts with independent physicians, according to newly published research. The findings, the authors say, suggest that integration itself does not produce the savings that many health system executives and policymakers promise from closer coordination between hospitals and doctors.
…
Hospital prices, according to the study, increased 2% to 3% each time physician-employing hospitals’ market share increased by one standard-deviation. The results were drawn from an analysis of roughly 2 million hospital bills submitted to private insurers between 2001 and 2007. Overall spending on services at the hospitals that employed physicians grew, while the utilization of services at those hospitals didn’t change.
via Healthcare Reform Update: Doc employment won’t lead to lower healthcare spending, research shows | Modern Healthcare.
Filed Under: Policy All Trials | All Trials Registered. All Results Reported
May 11, 2014
by GruntDoc Many thanks to Steve in the comments on the last post for alerting me to this movement:
It’s time all clinical trial results are reported.
Patients, researchers, pharmacists, doctors and regulators everywhere will benefit from publication of clinical trial results. Wherever you are in the world please sign the petition:
Thousands of clinical trials have not reported their results; some have not even been registered.
Information on what was done and what was found in these trials could be lost forever to doctors and researchers, leading to bad treatment decisions, missed opportunities for good medicine, and trials being repeated.
All trials past and present should be registered, and the full methods and the results reported.
We call on governments, regulators and research bodies to implement measures to achieve this.
via All Trials | All Trials Registered. All Results Reported.
I signed the petition, and hope others will as well.
Realistically, this will require either a mindboggling scandal (even worse than the ones we know about) leading to group self-regulation, or more likely, intrusive and poorly thought out legislation.
I know what I’d bet on.
Filed Under: Medical, Medicine, Policy Stolen laptops lead to important HIPAA settlements
April 23, 2014
by GruntDoc In case you wondered why your IT department isn’t reasonable about security, it’s because the penalties aren’t reasonable.
Stolen laptops lead to important HIPAA settlements
Two entities have paid the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights (OCR) $1,975,220 collectively to resolve potential violations of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Privacy and Security Rules.  These major enforcement actions underscore the significant risk to the security of patient information posed by unencrypted laptop computers and other mobile devices.
via Stolen laptops lead to important HIPAA settlements.
1.7 Million dollar fine.
Filed Under: Policy Top 5 Reasons Why ‘The Customer Is Always Right’ Is Wrong | Alexander Kjerulf
April 20, 2014
by GruntDoc Top 5 Reasons Why ‘The Customer Is Always Right’ Is Wrong | Alexander Kjerulf.
Correct!
Filed Under: Policy Medicare Payments to Providers in 2012 – WSJ.com
April 9, 2014
by GruntDoc Medicare Payments to Providers in 2012
Newly released Medicare billing data show total payments to more than 880,000 medical providers in 2012, totaling $77 billion.
Search the database by provider name, specialty and location to see the types and number of procedures performed and the amounts paid to each provider by Medicare. Related article.
via Medicare Payments to Providers in 2012 – WSJ.com.
Use your new powers for Good.
Filed Under: Medicine, Policy Why the Zero Defect mentality will never work
November 24, 2013
by GruntDoc At least, not in real life:
…
The idea that “failure is not an option” is a fantasy version of how non-engineers should motivate engineers. That sentiment was invented by a screenwriter, riffing on an after-the-fact observation about Apollo 13; no one said it at the time. If you ever say it, wash your mouth out with soap. If anyone ever says it to you, run. Even NASA’s vaunted moonshot, so often referred to as the best of government innovation, tested with dozens of unmanned missions first, several of which failed outright.
Failure is always an option. Engineers work as hard as they do because they understand the risk of failure. And for anything it might have meant in its screenplay version, here that sentiment means the opposite; the unnamed executives were saying “Addressing the possibility of failure is not an option.”
via » Healthcare.gov and the Gulf Between Planning and Reality Clay Shirky.
Healthcare has this idiocy. It’s a disconnect between the doers, who will tell you what’s possible, and the managers, who either don’t know or don’t remember.
Leaders, by the way, would know the difference.  Need more of those.
Filed Under: Policy Grading a Physician’s Value — The Misapplication of Performance Measurement — NEJM
November 7, 2013
by GruntDoc NEJM realized the PQRS Emperor has no clothes.
Perhaps the only health policy issue on which Republicans and Democrats agree is the need to move from volume-based to value-based payment for health care providers. Rather than paying for activity, the aspirational goal is to pay for outcomes that take into account quality and costs. In keeping with this notion of paying for value rather than volume, the Affordable Care Act ACA created the “value-based payment modifier,” or “value modifier,” a pay-for-performance approach for physicians who actively participate in Medicare. By 2017, physicians will be rewarded or penalized on the basis of the relative calculated value of the care they provide to Medicare beneficiaries.
Although we agree that value-based payment is appropriate as a concept, the practical reality is that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS, despite heroic efforts, cannot accurately measure any physician’s overall value, now or in the foreseeable future. Instead of helping to establish a central role for performance measurement in holding providers more accountable for the care they provide and in informing quality- and safety-improvement projects, this policy overreach could undermine the quest for higher-value health care. Yet the medical profession has been remarkably quiet as this flawed approach proceeds.
via Grading a Physician’s Value — The Misapplication of Performance Measurement — NEJM.
How many tens of thousands of hours are spent jumping through hoops like these that turn out to be more meaningless (or worse) ‘government work’?
Filed Under: Policy Spin in the cancelled-policy articles
November 3, 2013
by GruntDoc All the articles about cancelled Individual Insurance plans have some variation of this spin in them:
For some who have received the letters, the new plans being offered are more expensive, but for others — especially those who qualify for a federal subsidy to bring down the cost of the premium — their insurance bill will go down.
via Canceled health insurance plans add to angst of change | Local News | The Seattle Times.
Emphasis added.
Here’s the thing: people (like me) in the Individual market don’t have IBM or Exxon sitting across the table from an insurance company, dealing from a position of some strength. We’re individuals. We’re independent Contractors (me), self employed and scraping by, or doing well. We looked at our options, bought plans we could afford, and realized there are tradeoffs from a cost/benefits standpoint. Not a lot of people in that group bought a soup-to-nuts expensive plan (some did, most don’t).
The emphasized thing above is pure spin on the part of the writers. I have no doubt they’ve been told this over and over, but I have yet to see one article about someone in the Indy market that got a ‘better’ plan that dropped in price. There will be a few, but most if not all will see their costs go up.
Just so you see it for what it is.
Filed Under: Policy AAPS Sues to Stop the Unlawful Revisions to ObamaCare
November 1, 2013
by GruntDoc A constitutional argument. From docs:
The Association of American Physicians & Surgeons (AAPS) has filed a lawsuit today in federal court to halt the unlawful revisions to ObamaCare (the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act).
The separation of powers required by the Constitution prohibits the executive branch—the Obama Administration—from rewriting laws passed by Congress. Yet that is what Obama has done by changing key parts of ObamaCare in order to implement it.
The AAPS lawsuit, which was filed today in the Eastern District of Wisconsin, asks the Court to enjoin the Obama Administration from imposing its “individual mandate” while delaying the “employer mandate.” The law that was passed by Congress in 2010 requires that the employer mandate go into effect at the same time as the individual mandate: Jan 1, 2014.
“The U.S. Constitution requires a strict separation of powers between the three branches of government, such that the executive branch cannot change laws passed by Congress,” AAPS’s lawsuit explains. By imposing the individual mandate in 2014 without the protection of the employer mandate, the Obama Administration has changed the legislation passed by Congress.
via AAPS Sues to Stop the Unlawful Revisions to ObamaCare.
Bizarre congress is super-cool with the executive branch picking and choosing the laws to bother enforcing.
Filed Under: Policy Next Page »Pages
About
Ad Policy
Archives
Contact
Tweets by @gruntdoc
Follow me on @Twitter!
Follow @gruntdoc
My Favorites
I sent a guy with a normal EKG to the cath lab
Inexplicable Support for the Public Plan
The AMA's Statement on Health Care Reform
TPA for Stroke 2
The End of the Code
My Grandfathers' Guns
Some Nurse Love
Wasabi Peas: A Word of Caution
Say again?
Best Chief Complaint of the Night
Grinding to a Halt
Todd
Tearing Up
Tips for the ED Drug Seeker
WSJ on Stroke: TPA is a wonder drug for stroke!
Dilbert's Doc meets a Drug Rep
Consultants and Transfers
Some Dude
Crack
Home flooding
I get complaints
Mania
So, you want the Navy to pay for your Med School
Word to the Wise
Liberia Marine Malaria: Inexcusable
Who makes the ED run? The Secretaries
LCPL Anthony Sledd, USMC
Recent Comments
Jim on Memorial Day, 2020a on How am I listening to breath sounds (and hearts) during the Covid-19 pandemic?Mindy Jung on Another year. Seventeen so far.Mindy Jung on Another year. Seventeen so far.GruntDoc on Another year. Seventeen so far.
Post Categories
Post Categories
Select Category
Amusements  (730)
Announcements  (479)
Aviation  (68)
Blogroll  (4)
Books  (7)
Current Affairs  (91)
Cycling  (24)
EP Monthly  (7)
Family  (265)
from the iPhone  (14)
Guest  (13)
Dr. Val  (3)
Humorous  (20)
Medical  (402)
MedBloggers  (73)
Medicine  (1,436)
Deployed Docs  (60)
Emergency  (226)
EMR  (13)
GrandRounds  (236)
Policy  (258)
Nursing  (29)
Other  (283)
public-health  (6)
Racing  (10)
Rants  (236)
Religion  (8)
Science  (17)
Shooting  (13)
Sports  (24)
Travel  (14)
Uncategorized  (243)
Web/Tech  (125)
Weblogs  (108)
Zippy  (2)
December 2020
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031
« May
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · eleven40 Child Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in