https://hairlossfight.com/terms/
Terms and Conditions
The contents of this website, including all of the pages of this website, may contain material that is solely the opinion of the editor of this site. NONE OF THE OPINIONS OF THE EDITOR OF THIS SITE NOR ANY OTHER CONTENT PRESENTED IN THIS SITE SHOULD BE CONSIDERED MEDICAL ADVISE. The information contained here is NOT meant to act as medical advice in any way, shape or form. The editor of this site is not a doctor and his opinions may be incorrect or invalid. Before using any of the products or techniques discussed here, the viewer should consult a physician.
Welcome and thank you for visiting the HairLossFight.com website.
This website is provided to you subject to the following terms and conditions, which may be updated by the owner of this website from time-to-time without notice. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the following terms and conditions.
Disclaimers
This website, its organization and design, and all information, images, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures and other materials on this website (together, “Content”) are provided “as is”. The Content is believed to be accurate when it was posted on this site. However, the Content may not be accurate, complete or current. The owner of this website makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the Content or the operation of this website.
This website has sections in which individuals representing themselves as doctors or specialists in dermatology or cosmetics answer questions from viewers of the website. The owner of this website does not necessarily agree with any claims or statements made by these individuals or the viewers, nor does the owner of this website endorse said individuals or their products or services. These sections (and the entire site) is provided for your convenience “as is”. The owner of this website will not be held liable for views, statements, information, or any other content that exists in these sections (or anywhere else on the site).
The owner of this website has a “Hair Loss Forums” section in which individuals discuss hair loss and various other topics that may or may not be directly related to hair loss. The owner of this website does not necessarily agree with any claims or statements made by any individuals, including the those made by the forum moderators, that participate and make posts of comments, claims, questions and articles in said forums. The owner of this website will not be held liable for views, statements, information, or any other content that exists in this section.
Not Medical Advice
The Content of the web site is not medical advice. Do not use or otherwise rely upon any of the Content without first seeking medical advice from a qualified medical professional in person.
Security
E-mail communications between you and the owner of this website and the HairLossFight.com website may not be secure. We suggest that you encrypt all e-mail to increase the security of your communications with us.
Limitation of Liability
The owner of this website and its partners, employees and representatives will not be liable to you or any other party for any damages of any kind including, without limitation, indirect, special, consequential or incidental damages, lost profits, business interruption or other damages arising directly or indirectly from your use of this website or the Content.
Copyright
The Content and the copyright in the Content is owned by the owner of this website. You may download information from the website for your personal, non-commercial viewing, but you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, republish, post, transmit, display, frame in another web page, perform, distribute, modify or create derivative works from the Content without our prior written approval.
Trade-marks
“HairLossFight.com”, and the “HairLossFight.com” logo, and all other related trade-marks and trade names appearing on this website are owned by the owner of this website. Unless otherwise indicated, all other trade-marks appearing on this website are owned by third parties and are used by the owner of this website under license.
Privacy
The owner of this website respects your personal privacy. You may use this website without providing any personal information about yourself to us. If we ask you to provide us with any personal information, we will tell you the purposes for which we intend to use that information. We will not collect, use, or disclose that information without your consent, and we will not use or disclose that information for any other purposes without your consent. To view our privacy policy, please click here.
Linking
The sites that are linked from this website are not under our control. The owner of this website does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials available at those linked sites. All links are provided for your convenience only; they are not an endorsement or referral by the owner of this website. Should you choose to link to this website, or any of the Content, you may not use any icons or logos of ours on your website without our express written consent, and you may not use the link to suggest that the owner of this website sponsors, endorses, approves of, or is affiliated with you or your website.
Advertisements, Advertorials, Site Sponsorship
HairLossFight.com has both direct, static advertisements and advertorials throughout the site, as well as contextual ads. All contextual ads are displayed via the Google Adsense Program. The owner of this website is not responsible for and will not be held liable for the claims made by any advertisers or sponsors, whether they are direct advertisers or sponsors, or whether they are advertising via the contextual ads on the site provided by Google Adsense. The owner of this website is not responsible for and will not be held liable for any damages that may result from use of any of the products and/or services advertised on the HairLossFight.com website. Follow the links to advertisers or sponsors sites and/or use their products and/or services completely at your own risk.
HairLossFight.com reserves the right to choose who is allowed to advertise on the HairLossFight.com website, and may reject any company, person or entity from advertising on the site at the sole discretion of The owner of this website.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions, your access to and use of this website, and any claims made at law or in equity against The owner of this website, its partners, employees and representatives, arising out of such access or use or otherwise, will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws applicable in the Province of British Columbia, Canada. You submit and attorn to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the British Columbia courts.
Other Agreements
If there is any conflict between this agreement and any other agreement between you or your business and the owner of this website the latter agreements will prevail.
General
The owner of this website may amend these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Accordingly, you should periodically re-visit these terms and conditions to review the then current terms and conditions governing your use of this website. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that part is severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.