https://haircenter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentOur Website Privacy PolicyCooley Hair Center understands the necessity of protecting the privacy of your data when you visit our website. The following outlines how we protect your personal information collected with your visit to our site. Cooley Hair Center may update our statement on occasion as new programs, services and processes are implemented.Cooley Hair Center does not collect information, including email addresses, from you without asking first. In some instances, we may request you to supply information personally, which could include contact information like your email, street address, phone number or other information. This serves to personalize your visit to our site to make it more beneficial for you. It is completely voluntary for you to provide this information, but when you do, we make the assumption you have agreed to our use of that data under accordance with this privacy policy.Cooley Hair Center does not intentionally use, collect or disclose patient information on its website that is personally identifiable. You should not post information on our website that could be used to identify you. If we discover we have personal information, we will begin the process to delete the date as quickly as possible.You must be at least 18 years old to receive permission from us to use our website. We will not intentionally or knowingly collect personally identifiable information about visitors under the age of 18.When Information is ProvidedWhen you share information with us voluntarily, that is implied consent for the collection and use of your data by our practice. Cooley Hair Center will not rent or sell personal data we collect on this website to anyone.Cooley Hair Center may offer the option to register or purchase products online. During the transaction, it is possible that personal information will be collected. If that is the case, we may share that information with other parties to accommodate support services like credit card authorization or fulfillment of your order. By voluntarily giving us that information, you give Cooley Hair Center permission to provide your data to the third parties that provide these services. You also agree not to hold Cooley Hair Center responsible for any of the actions or omissions of these third parties.Cooley Hair Center may also collect non-personal information provided by your browser when you request a page view from your server. This information may include your browser time, IP address and access times. Cooley Hair Center uses this information for supporting website operations and to evaluate traffic patterns for our website.Some of the statistics Cooley Hair Center may collect and use includes volume, traffic patterns, referral sources, login activity and other information related to our website to support our operations. The information may be shared with third parties, but will not include personally identifiable data of any kind. Cooley Hair Center may disclose information in special cases where required, such as: 1. Follow legal requirements; 2. Defend or protect our property and rights: 3. Enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use; 4. Protect our users’ interests.Occasionally, Cooley Hair Center may be required by law enforcement or the legal system to provide personal information to the appropriate authorities. This information will be disclosed with a court order, subpoena or to otherwise cooperate with an investigation conducted by law enforcement. Cooley Hair Center reserves the right to report activities we believe to be unlawful to the proper authorities or law enforcement agencies.Cooley Hair Center reserves the right to send mail or email regarding products or services to the personal information you have voluntarily provided. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we will provide instructions to easily indicate that desire as well.Use of CookiesCooley Hair Center may use Internet technology known as “cookies” to identify your device so we can offer appropriate website features to you that are compatible with that device. Cookies also provides us information about whether you have visited our website in the past. They do not allow us to collect your email address or other information from your hard drive. Cooley Hair Center may use memory-based cookies to authenticate some of our website applications. The control of your browser settings remains with you, as you can choose to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or receive notifications when a cookie is sent. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of our website that require them.Cooley Hair Center reserves the right to utilize Google products like Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Analytics Demographics, DoubleClick Campaign Manager or Interest Reporting. You may choose to opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google’s Ads Settings. You can also utilize the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add On if you choose to prevent having your data used by Google Analytics.Cooley Hair Center will not initiate merging of your personal information with non-personal data collected from Display Advertising features based on the DoubleClick cookie unless we give you clear notice and you provide your consent for such action.Cooley Hair Center may use Remarketing with Google Analytics for online advertising. In addition, third-party vendors may insert ads for our practice on different sites on the Internet. This does include Google. Both Cooley Hair Center and third-party vendors may also use first-party cookies (including the Google Analytics cookie) and other third-party cookies (including the DoubleClick cookie) alone or in combination to optimize, inform and serve ads based on your previous visits to our website.Cooley Hair Center and third parties, including Google, may also use both first-party and third-party cookies, alone or in combination, to determine how ad impressions, other uses of ad services and interactions with these services are related to our website visits. Cooley Hair Center may also use information from Google’s Interest-based advertising or data from its third-party audience, which might include age, gender and interests. Date will be combined with Google Analytics to provide general profiles about visitors and determine how visitors might use the site. This information can then be used to improve the content, marketing and design of the website, as well as services and products offered here.Cooley Hair Center may use the Facebook.com “conversion tracking pixel” to determine whether Facebook’s advertisements are effective for marketing purposes. This tool allows us to gather information on users’ actions after the user is directed to a third-party website through a click on a Facebook ad on this website. The data we collect with this tool does not include personally identifying information. However, Facebook may use this information according to Facebook’s Data Policy to show you advertisement on both Facebook.com and third-party websites that might be of interest to you. A cookie may be used to facility ad displays by both Facebook and its partners.Cooley Hair Center may also use Twitter.com products tailoring audiences and conversion tracking. The products connect data from Twitter’s advertising network to your own actions performed on the website. To learn more about the type of information collected, refer to Twitter’s Privacy Policy.Links to Additional WebsitesCooley Hair Center’s website contains links to other sites. While we try to only link to sites that share a high respect for privacy, Cooley Hair Center is not responsible for privacy policies held by other websites. If you have questions about this statement, you should contact us at 10650 Park Rd, Charlotte, NC 28210.
Ultra-Refined Hair Transplant Surgery For Men & WomenGet your self-confidence back. Of course, hair restoration is something you do for yourself….not to please anyone else. When you have surgical hair restoration at Cooley Hair Center, you will see not only new hair but renewed self-confidence and higher self-esteem. It is an investment in yourself!It is an investment in yourself!
First Name*Last Name*PhoneEmail
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Close Menu