http://handsurgeon.com/privacy/
MeetVipul Patel, MD, F.A.A.O.S.Board Certified Orthopedic Surgeon Read More About Dr. Patel
hand
Wrist
Elbow
Fracture & Trauma care
Pediatric care
Arthritis
Work Injuries
PRP / Stem Cell Therapy
Nerve Study
Home » Privacy
Privacy
Vipul Patel MD, Hand, Upper Extremity and Microvascular Surgeon
Your Practice Online and Vipul Patel MD, Hand, Upper Extremity and Microvascular Surgeon are interested in the privacy and safety of our visitors. Our Website contains forms through which users may request information or provide feedback to us. In some cases, telephone numbers or return addresses are required so that we can provide requested information to you. We may also track where you go or what you read in our Website so that we can provide you with effective follow up information, but only if you have given us explicit permission to do so by filling out a form that asks you if we may do so.
Google Analytics- Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of information gathered through our Website, please contact our Webmaster at [javascript protected email address].
hand
Wrist
Elbow
Fracture & Trauma care
Pediatric care
Arthritis
Work Injuries PRP / Stem Cell Therapy
Pre-Op & Post-Op instructions
Your First Visit
Download Patient Forms
Patient Portal
Online Bill pay
Research & publications
Map & directions
^ Back to Top
X