http://hcds4you.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyKimberly Yow2019-03-07T12:57:51-08:00
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for HCDS4you.com.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and SharingWhen you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Email Information – If you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.  We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
Website Use Information – Similar to other commercial Web sites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” to provide our personalization feature and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used.  Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited just before our website.  This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
We use cookies and web server logs to gather information about our website users’ browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our website and better serve our clients.  This information assists us in designing and arranging our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our website to better meet the needs of our clients and prospective clients.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.  We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request or as required by law.  Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.  Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at 562-592-9260 or via email at:  hcds4you (at) gmail.com.
Links To Other SitesThis website may contain links to other sites.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Go to Top