https://hchdfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Purpose:  To ensure privacy of all HCHD Foundation constituent information. To ensure that personal information of all HCHD Foundation constituents is respected as appropriate and is in accordance with the constituent’s wishes, or according to law.
Definitions:
Constituent is someone who donates finances, tangible items, and/or time to or in support of the HCHD Foundation.
Distribution of constituent information applies to the sharing of personal information to other organizations or persons.
Policy Statement
The types of personal information collected on the HCHD Foundation website:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Organization Information and Address
Credit/Debit Card Information
Information can also be submitted about other people on various pages of the website. For example, if an individual makes an Honorarium/Tribute gift online and wants an acknowledgement sent directly to the honoree, the individual needs to submit the honorees name and address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Email
Distribution of constituent personal information other than name and gift amount is not permissible by HCHD Foundation Board of Trustees or staff without the explicit permission of the constituent, or as required by law or court order.
Constituent information such as name and gift amount may be distributed in HCHD Foundation printed material, such as annual reports, newsletters, recognition signage, etc.
Anonymous gifts will be respected per the constituent.
Requests by the constituent to remain anonymous must be submitted in writing.
HCHD Foundation staff will document all requests by constituents as it relates to anonymity.
The HCHD Foundation uses non-identifying and aggregate information internally to better design the website. For example, this information may be used to determine that X number of individuals visited a certain area of the website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out a registration form.  No information that could be used to identify those individuals is ever disclosed.
Finally, the HCHD Foundation never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.  The constituent is always provided an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit unrelated uses.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures have been put in place to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. The HCHD Foundation is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant and no credit card information is stored in our database.
How a Constituent Can Access Or Correct Personal Information:
Individuals can access all personally identifiable information collected online and can maintain it by accessing his or her user profile.
Individuals can correct factual errors by contacting the HCHD Foundation via email, phone or in writing.
To protect our constituents’ privacy and security, the HCHD Foundation staff will also take reasonable steps to verify identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact the HCHD Foundation
Please contact the HCHD Foundation staff with any concerns or questions: (phone) 713.566.6409 or (email) HCHDF@harrishealth.org.
Back to top