https://headandneck.org/policies-terms/
Close
About
Board & Staff
Head and Neck Cancer Alliance Award
2019 Annual Report
Contact Us
About Head & Neck Cancer
Symptoms
Risk Factors
Self-Exam Guide
Diagnosis & Staging
The HPV Connection
Treatment & Side Effects
Genomics & New Treatments
Life After Cancer
Programs
OHANCA
2020 Spokesperson
Screening Locations
Events Calendar
Host a Screening
Media Guides
Past Spokesperson
Gas Card Program
Peer-to-Peer Program
Ambassador
Program
Ambassador Profiles
Ambassador Application
Request an Ambassador
Survivorship Webinars
Oral Health Webinar
2020 Survivorship Webinar Series
HPV Awareness Week
Online Support
Community
Smash Cancer
Your Cancer Story
Patient & Caregiver Resources
Managing Side Effects
Dry Mouth
Oral Mucositis
Lymphedema
Neuropathy
Osteoradionecrosis
Trismus
Radiation Fibrosis
Nutrition
Online Cookbook
Recipe Cards
COVID-19
Clinical Trials
Active Trials
Research Studies
Online Support Community
Your Cancer Story
Laryngectomee Guide
Other Resources
Survivor Stories
Survivor Videos
Survivorship
Survivorship Education Videos
Oral Health Webinar
2020 Survivorship Webinar Series
Peer-to-Peer Program
Survivor Stories
Survivor Videos
AHNS – Patient Education on Post-Treatment Care
News & Views
HNCA Blog
Videos
Podcasts & Articles
Webinars
Survivor Stories
Survivor Videos
e-Newsletter Archives
Get Involved
Donate
Ambassador
Program
Ambassador Profiles
Ambassador Application
Request an Ambassador
Corporate & Community Partners
Donate
Inspire
Policies & Terms
Privacy Statement & Terms of Use
Last Modified: September 17, 2018
Privacy Statement
The Head and Neck Cancer Alliance (“HNCA”) respects the privacy of visitors to our website and users of our services. This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) outlines what information we collect about you, when and how information is collected, when and how your information is used, and with whom your information may be shared.
This Privacy Statement applies to 1.) information collected through HNCA websites (“Sites”); 2.) any and all information collected through your communications with HNCA, whether electronic, written or oral, obtained during the course of providing HNCA mission-related information or resources (“Services”); 3.) information about you that we may collect offline or receive from third-parties. By accessing our Sites and Services and/or providing your information to us, you accept and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
Information We Collect About You
HNCA Sites will not collect any personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number, etc., unless you provide such information in the course of completing a registration or transaction on the Site, filling out program forms or subscriptions, requesting information, etc.  Any personal information you provide voluntarily, including information submitted through online forms and email or in completing a transaction through the Site, will be used for the purposes for which you provide information to us or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
When you engage with HNCA, visit or use our Sites and/or Services, we collect a variety of information. In general, the type and amount of information we collect about you will depend on your purpose for interacting with HNCA. For example, if you are a patient contacting us for assistance, we may collect different information to assist you (such as your diagnosis or date of diagnosis) than if you are using our website to make a donation or access information or online resources.
HNCA may collect the following types of personal information from users of its Sites and Services:
Contact Information and Communication Preferences. We may request contact information such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and/or your preferences for how you would like to be contacted by HNCA.
Demographic Information. We may request limited demographic information such as your gender, race or ethnicity, marital status, geographic location and/or primary language.
Health Information. We may request limited health information about you such as your relationship to cancer, your diagnosis, date of diagnosis, or current treatment.
Financial Information. If you make a donation to HNCA or make a purchase on an HNCA Site, we will collect payment information such as your credit card number to process your transaction. We may use a third-party payment service to process payments made through our Sites and Services. We will retain your credit card information only for as long as necessary to process the transaction.
Call Recordings and Chat Transcripts. If you contact HNCA for information or assistance by calling our Patient HelpLine or by using our Patient HelpLine live chat feature, we may record your call or maintain a transcript of the call or chat for training and quality assurance purposes. The information contained in these transcripts will depend on what you voluntarily provide to HNCA.
How Information is Collected
HNCA and its service providers may collect personal information in a variety of circumstances, including:
Requests for Information and Resources. HNCA offers programs and resources to help cancer patients and their caregivers navigate through their cancer journey. For example, HNCA provides transportation assistance through our Gas Card Program. If you contact HNCA to utilize this program or similar support services, we may ask you for contact and demographic information as well as limited health information.
Patient HelpLine and Support Services. HNCA’s Patient HelpLine is available to answer your questions Monday through Friday from 9:00am – 9:00pm. When you contact the HelpLine or a local HNCA chapter office for information and resources, we will collect the personal information you provide in order to assist you.
Site Use. We may collect personal information through your use of our Sites. If you become a registered user of the Site, we will collect login and profile information and may also collect information about your areas of interest.
Donations. If you make a donation to HNCA, we will collect personal information from you that may include your name, address, phone number, and/or e-mail address so that we can send you a receipt and acknowledgement of your donation. We may also collect limited financial information to process your donations. Financial information, such as a credit card number, is only maintained for as long as necessary to process your transaction.
Volunteer Participation. If you volunteer with HNCA, we will collect information related to your role. For instance, if you are volunteering for our Ambassador Program, we may ask about things such as your relationship to head and neck cancer, your diagnosis, and/or the languages you speak, among other information.
Research Participation. If you inquire about (or enroll in) an HNCA research study, we may collect information from you related to the study or studies, which may include health information.
Third-party Fundraising Campaigns, Promotions or Events. We may use or interact with third-parties to conduct fundraising campaigns, promotions, or events, including online platforms such EventBrite. In these instances, we may receive access to donor reports which includes donor name, contact information, and donation amount. We also may receive your personal information if you respond to a cause-related marketing campaign or other promotion benefitting HNCA that is conducted by a third-party.
Social Media.  Your interactions with social media companies and the use of their features are governed by their privacy policies, not the policies of HNCA.
How Information is Used
HNCA and its service providers  will use your personal information to respond to and process your requests for information, resources and services. We may use your personal information to keep you informed about relevant news and HNCA services, events, or resources that may be of interest to you, to request donations to HNCA, or to seek your participation in an HNCA research study. We may also use your personal information to evaluate and improve our programs and services. For example, we may contact you with a survey seeking voluntary feedback on services you have received.
With Whom Your Information May Be Shared
Currently, we do not sell, rent, or share any personal information with any third-party entities, with the exception of third-party organizations who provide operational services to HNCA (such as payment processors). While we will take appropriate steps to protect your information in these circumstances, third parties may also have their own privacy policies; however, they are not permitted to use your personal information for their own purposes.
In addition to third-party service providers necessary to HNCA’s ability to conduct business, your personal information may be shared with:
HNCA Chapters We may share your information with HNCA chapter offices in your region, to better communicate with you about local activities and services.
Other Uses or Disclosures of Personal Information. We may also use and disclose your personal information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence, to respond to requests from public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence, to cooperate with law enforcement, or for other legal reasons; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use; and (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.. In addition, HNCA may use, disclose, or transfer your information to a third-party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our organization (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Your Consent. In addition to the other disclosures described in this section, we may also disclose your information as you expressly authorize us to do so.
Other Information We Collect
In addition to the above personal information, HNCA automatically gathers general statistical information about the Sites and their visitors, such as IP addresses, browser and device information, pages viewed, number of visitors, etc., Such information is anonymized and/or aggregated so that it no longer reveals your identity. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about the use of the Sites to report on activities and trends.
Our Sites may use “cookies” to store and, at times, track information about you. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, cookies are used on our Sites to (i) enable the system to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it (such as when filling out forms); (ii) gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users; and (iii) research website usage patterns, and (iv) and track progress and participation in promotions.
Data Security Protections
We use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to secure your personal information within our organization. Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, that information can potentially be collected and used by others. No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Notices and Disclosures
Children’s Privacy. HNCA does not knowingly request or collect information from any person under 13 years of age without parental consent. If you believe that your child has submitted personal information to HNCA without your consent and you would like this info restricted or removed, please contact us at info@headandneck.org or by phone at 866-792-4622.
Links to Third-Party Websites. Our Sites and Services may contain links to third-party websites, whose privacy practices may be different from HNCA’s. This Privacy Statement does not address, nor are we responsible for, the privacy of information or the practices of any third-parties, including any third-party to which HNCA Sites and Services link. Links to other sites do not imply HNCA’s endorsement of the products, services, or privacy or security practices of those websites. In addition, we are not responsible for the information, privacy, or security policies/practices of other organizations.
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfer. The HNCA Sites and Services are controlled and operated by HNCA from the United States and are not intended to subject HNCA to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal information may be stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our database is operated. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, or security authorities may be entitled to access your personal information.
Information on Third-Party Relationships. If you disclose to us any personal information relating to other people (for example, if you are a caregiver and you disclose information about your loved one/cancer patient), you represent that you have the authority to do so and you permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, wish to notify us of any desired restrictions, or believe your privacy rights may have been violated, please contact us at:
Phone
1-866-792-HNCA (4622)
Mail
Head and Neck Cancer Alliance
PO Box 21688
Charleston, SC 29413
Email: info@headandneck.org
Security Breach or Fraud Notification
If you witness or become aware of any suspected privacy or security breach of HNCA constituent data (i.e., mishandling, theft, loss, or improper disclosure of personal information) or potentially fraudulent activity, please call 1-866-792-4622.
Updates to The Privacy Statement
HNCA may modify this Privacy Statement at any time. When changes are made, we will update the “Last Modified” statement at the top of this page. Your use of the HNCA Sites and Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Statement.
Terms of Use
By accessing, browsing, using HNCA Sites or accessing any content on the Sites, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following terms of use.
Consent
You agree that your use of the HNCA Sites and any use of any services or resources accessed on or through the Sites are subject to your agreement with all of these Terms of Use and our Privacy Statement described above. You agree that you will comply with all local, state, federal, or international laws applicable to the Sites and your use of and access to the Sites shall be according to this Terms of Use.
You acknowledge and agree that HNCA cannot and does not guarantee against viruses, worms, or other unauthorized users or hackers attempting to obtain access to these Sites or information transmitted to or from this these Sites.
HNCA reserves the right to temporarily or permanently discontinue the Sites, any page, or any functionality on the Sites at any time and without notice.
Modifications
You should review these Terms of Use regularly as they may change at any time. The modified terms of use will be effective upon posting to our Sites.  Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of such changes constitutes acceptance of those changes. Modifications will be posted on the Sites and the “Last Modified” date at the top of this page will be revised accordingly. HNCA suggests that you regularly review the Terms of Use, as well as the other website policies listed above.
Scope of Use
The contents of the HNCA Sites, including text, graphics, images, animations, videos and/or any other information, are for informational purposes only.
HNCA permits you to view, use, and download portions of the Site content for your personal, informational, non-commercial purposes, including photos, videos, illustrations, and educational resources. Should you choose to download any materials, you agree that you (a) will leave all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices intact, (b) shall not display or distribute the content on another website without our prior written consent, and (c) shall not sell, resell, or otherwise exploit the content for commercial purposes. You may not reproduce, modify, display, or distribute any text, graphics, images or other content on the Sites, or the design and layout of the Sites, without HNCA’s prior written consent.
By accessing the Sites, you agree to abide by all security and safety measures established by HNCA and its partners or service providers. HNCA reserves the right, for any reason, at its sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Sites at any time.
Rules of Conduct
Certain portions of the Sites may permit you to upload, post, or otherwise transmit content to HNCA or directly to the Sites. It is a violation of these Terms of Use for you to:
Use these Sites for illegal purposes, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations or in violation of the rules of HNCA or its service providers;
Copy, sell, resell, or exploit for commercial purposes any portion of the Sites; use any robot, spider, or other automatic or manual process to monitor, data mine, or copy any Site pages, content, or user information, except as expressly permitted by HNCA;
Manipulate identifiers, use another’s ID or password without authorization, or otherwise engage in any activities intended to impersonate or hide a user’s identity or contact information; transmit or distribute viruses or other malicious code;
Collect user names and contact information and/or send unsolicited commercial communications (spam);
Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionally large load on the Site’s infrastructure;
Post content or take any action on the Sites that infringes or violates someone else’s rights (whether protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity, or other proprietary right) or otherwise violates the law;
Transmit or distribute any user content that is unlawful, deceptive, false, stolen, threatening, abusive, harassing, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, racially or ethnically objectionable, or in violation of the personal privacy rights of another; or
Assist or permit any person(s) in engaging in any of the activities described above.
Each user of the Sites, including you, is responsible for (i) the content you transmit to the Sites, and the consequences of its use or submission; and (ii) ensuring that all content you transmit to the Sites is accurate, truthful, up-to-date, and complete.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold HNCA and its affiliates, officers, agents, partners, members, and employees harmless from any claim, action, demand, loss, or damages (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to your use of these Sites, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any law or rights of a third party.
Proprietary Rights
All trademarks, service marks, and logos on the Sites are the property of HNCA, including without limitation, the HNCA logo. Unauthorized use of any HNCA (or of any third-party) trademark, service mark, or logo may violate HNCA or a third party’s legal rights. You must obtain HNCA’s written permission prior to using any trademark or service mark of HNCA.
HNCA owns all intellectual property rights in these Sites, except as otherwise expressly indicated. These Sites are protected by United States and international copyright laws.  Any unauthorized use of the Sites or any content or materials appearing on or accessed through the Sites may violate copyright laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations.
Ability to Agree to Terms of Use
The Sites are not directed towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only use the Sites under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you are over the age of 18, you acknowledge that you are fully able and competent to comprehend, understand and enter into the terms, conditions, limitations, obligations, representations and warranties contained in these Terms of Use.
Limitations of Liability
In no event shall HNCA be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, or monetary damages, including fees and penalties, in connection with your use of the materials posted on these Sites or connected to or from these Sites to any other website.
Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusions of liability for certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not apply to you to the extent prohibited by law. In such cases, HNCA’s liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Third-Party Websites and Linking
As a convenience to users, these Sites contain links to websites operated by third parties. Third-party sites are not under the control of HNCA, and as such, access to and use of such third-party sites is at your own risk and subject to the corresponding third-party’s terms of use and privacy policies, not HNCA’s. HNCA is not responsible for, does not endorse, and hereby disclaims any and all content, advice, or services found, learned, available, or provided on such third-party sites. We reserve the right to terminate a link to a third-party site at any time. The fact that we provide a link to a third-party site does not necessarily mean that we endorse, authorize, sponsor, or are affiliated with that third-party site.
Unless otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and HNCA, you must adhere to HNCA’s linking policy as follows: (i) the appearance, position, and other attributes of a link to HNCA may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with HNCA’s name or any HNCA trademark or service mark; (ii) the appearance, position, and other attributes of a link to HNCA may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with HNCA; (iii) when selected by a user, the link must display the HNCA Site(s) on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linking website; and (iv) HNCA reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time at its sole discretion.
Registration and Account Security
Certain features of the Sites provide you with the option of setting up an account/profile for which you will receive a user ID and password. User IDs and passwords are confidential and proprietary. It is a violation of these Terms of Use for you to share your user ID or password, or to use your user ID and password for unauthorized purposes. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of your user ID and password.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use, as modified from time to time and including any policies or disclaimers that are incorporated by reference, set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and HNCA with respect to the subject matter hereof. HNCA’s failure to exercise any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision and the other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
BY USING THESE SITES, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.
1-866-792-4622 (HNCA)
Recent Posts
HNCA Ambassadors Participate in Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs’ Peer Reviewed Cancer Research Program for the Department of Defense
Emergency Respiratory Care and Resuscitation in Laryngectomees
Ask the Expert with Dr. Angela Wicker-Ramos: October 5 – 8
A Survivor’s Experience as an Imerman Angels Mentor
A Cancer Researcher’s Thoughts on HPV Vaccination
I cannot stress this enough: when you are diagnosed with cancer, GO TO A CANCER HOSPITAL! After that, go to another cancer hospital for a second opinion. This can literally mean the difference between life and death, or the quality of your life post-treatment.Paul ReitanoStage III HPV-attributed Tonsil Cancer Survivor
Thank You to Our Corporate and Community Partners