http://healthcare.utah.edu/policies/privacy.php
Jump to main navigation
Jump to content
Billing & Insurance
MyChart
Search
Menu
Find A U of U Health Doctor
All U of U Health Services
All U of U Health Locations
For All U of U Health Patients & Visitors
Patient Services
Questions About Your Bill?
Urgent Care
Where to Stay
Patients & Family Services
Clinical Trials
University of Utah Hospital
University of Utah Hospital
Staying at the Hospital
Parking & Valet
Looking for Another Location?
General Questions
801-581-2668
Find an Interpreter
About U of U Health
Billing & Insurance
MyChart
Search
Related Resources
University of Utah Health Notice of Privacy Practices Universidad de Utah Practicas de privacidad
Attention:
University of Utah Health Patients and Research Participants
U Health Plan and Healthy "U" Members
UNI Behavioral Health Network Health Plan Members
U Flexible Benefit Plan Members
Introduction
Academic freedom, the decentralized nature of the World Wide Web, and the diverse purposes served by University of Utah Web sites require that as much freedom as possible be granted to those creating and maintaining Web sites. We support and encourage freedom of expression and an open environment for the pursuit of knowledge; however, the contents of all web pages under University jurisdiction must comply with local, state and federal laws as well as University policy.
Personal Information
You do not have to disclose any information to visit any University site. However, while browsing some sites, you may find your needs can be better accessed by disclosing some information. The information you provide will not be sold, traded, or leased to any other organization outside of the University, without your prior written consent.
We may use demographic information that does not personally identify you and/or information you voluntarily provide, to improve the features of the site or for general statistical purposes.
Information Automatically Collected and Stored
As with any site you visit on the Internet, University Health Care does collect certain system information from its users. The University's site automatically stores the following information during your visit:
The Internet location (IP address)
Which pages were last visited
The date and time of the visit
The software used to visit our site
The information collected is not associated with your name or any other information you voluntarily provide. This information is stored and used for statistical purposes that allows us to improve the quality of this site, and to better fulfill the needs of our users.
IP Addresses
As stated above, we collect your computer’s IP address during your visit. An IP address is the number automatically assigned to your computer that allows computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. We use IP addresses to determine the geographic characteristics of our users and to allow internal users to view internal pages. Analyzing geographical information allows us to make this site more accessible to our users.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that a Web site transfers to a user’s hard disk to record certain information about your visit. Some University sites place cookies in the browser files of your computer to provide you with tailored health care information. You can chose not to download cookies or disable cookies.
Web Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for our website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information on Google privacy practices, visit http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
This site uses Inspectlet to record some visitors' website experience. We use this data to improve our website and make it easier to use. We do not collect any personal information with this software. Data collected by inspectlet adheres to its privacy policy.
Surveys and Questionnaires
In an effort to improve the quality of services the University offers, we may ask if you would like to voluntarily participate in surveys or complete questionnaires, which may request contact or demographic information from you. We typically use information you provide to use to respond to your needs, or for statistical purposes to allows us to improve our services.
Copyright
All information contained in this Web site is copyright protected, unless otherwise noted. Information may be reprinted and/or downloaded for personal use only. Permission to reprint or electronically reproduce any document or graphic in whole or in part for any non-personal or commercial use is prohibited unless prior written consent is obtained from the respective copyright holder(s).
Agreement/Terms of Use
By using this site, you agree that you understand and accept the terms listed above. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not use this site. Privacy as it applies to the Internet is a rapidly developing area. We reserve the right to change our privacy practices from time to time, and will include any changes on this site.
Questions or Comments
If you have additional questions and/or comments, please feel free to email the hscwebmaster@hsc.utah.edu.