https://healthyhappywoman.co.uk/your-privacy-is-important-to-me/
Skip to content
Home » Your privacy is important to me
This privacy policy is for the healthy happy woman blog and outlines what I do about the privacy of the people who choose to use it. It specifically talks about how I use and store any information you might share with me, explicitly or implicitly. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through the website or social media accounts and encourages users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
The Website
The website is based in the UK and as such is required to comply with all national and EU laws that govern privacy.
Linda Parkinson-Hardman is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. All information you choose to give us is at your discretion at all times.
Linda Parkinson-Hardman may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 10th February 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and address
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to use of the website, purchases from the online store, surveys and contact information.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
statutory requirements, in the case of sales data
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails via our newsletter system about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
All payments are processed through third party payment processors, your credit or debit card information is not available through this website.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. This includes a Facebook pixel. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected – unless you specifically opt in to the email list.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing me at linda@healthyhappywoman.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Linda Parkinson-Hardman, 43 Malthouse Meadow, Weymouth, DT3 4NS.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Email Newsletter
Signing up to the email newsletter is at the individual’s discretion. We use Send in Blue to host and process all our email lists and you have the opportunity to unsubscribe whenever you receive an email from us.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading...
Follow Me
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Never Miss A Story Sign up to get my message in a bottle newsletter with new stories, ideas and challenges.
First Name*Email*
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Login
Prove your humanity
8   +   4   =
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Create a new account
%d bloggers like this: