https://healthyaging.net/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
Log In to Healthy Aging MagazineGet Healthy Aging® Magazine
The Premier Lifestyle Magazine for All Ages
Subscribe Today!
Magazine
Travel
Food
Health
Lifestyle
Fashion
Beauty
Sports
Music
Fitness
Work
Finances
News
Subscribe
Healthy Aging® Month
Educators
Product Reviews
Resources / Store
Senior Discounts
Blog
Contact Us
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy / Terms of UsePrivacy Policy / Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Healthy Aging® we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team, info@healthyaging.net.
Healthy Aging® operates several websites including Healthy Aging.net, Healthy Aging Magazine.com, Healthy Aging Food.com, Healthy Aging Travel.com.  It is Healthy Aging’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Healthy Aging collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Healthy Aging’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Healthy Aging’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Healthy Aging may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Healthy Aging also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our blogs. Healthy Aging only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Healthy Aging’s websites choose to interact with Healthy Aging in ways that require Healthy Aging to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Healthy Aging gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a newsletter or blog at Healthy Aging to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Healthy Aging – by purchasing Healthy Aging subscriptions or products, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Healthy Aging collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Healthy Aging. Healthy Aging does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Healthy Aging may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Healthy Aging may monitor the most popular news articles  on the Healthy Aging site or use spam screened to help identify spam. Healthy Aging may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Healthy Aging does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Healthy Aging discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Healthy Aging’s behalf or to provide services available at Healthy Aging’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Healthy Aging’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Healthy Aging will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Healthy Aging discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Healthy Aging believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Healthy Aging, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Healthy Aging website and have supplied your email address, Healthy Aging may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Healthy Aging and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Healthy Aging takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Healthy Aging uses cookies to help Healthy Aging identify and track visitors, their usage of Healthy Aging website, and their website access preferences. Healthy Aging visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Healthy Aging’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Healthy Aging’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Healthy Aging, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Healthy Aging goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Healthy Aging may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Healthy Aging and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Opt-Out
Individuals who sign up for the free Healthy Aging newsletter always have the option of discontinuing receipt of the newsletter by clicking “Opt-Out” on the newsletter.
For information about opting out of Gourmet Ads and ad serving partners please visit http://www.gourmetads.com/about/privacy-policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Healthy Aging may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Healthy Aging’s sole discretion. Healthy Aging encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Get the latest
Healthy Aging® News
Free Email Newsletter
Sign Up
Follow Us on Twitter
Helpful wellness tips from Marta Zaraska, a Canadian-Polish science journalist. Practical ideas to implement into d… https://t.co/lgotEJy1iL December 8, 2020 12:43 pmTips for planning a Colorado ski trip during the pandemic https://t.co/YS0RXjWIh9 #skiing #traveltips #COVID19 @ColoradoSkiUSA December 7, 2020 11:13 amProcrastinator's guide to Medicare open enrollment https://t.co/8t5dJ6Wdyk #medicare #HealthInsurance… https://t.co/Dpr60IY2Vf November 30, 2020 4:34 pmFollow us!
Ask the ExpertsQuestions about active travel?We're here to help!Carolyn Worthington, PublisherHealthy Aging® Magazine
Shop Our Store
Healthy Aging® Store
Visit the Healthy Aging® Store for informative books, videos, and more.
Shop Our Store
Healthy Aging® WebsiteBooks
Diet and Fitness
Fashion
Finances
Food
Learn
Lifestyle
My Story
Music
Sports
Travel
Wine
Work
Care
Reprints
Healthy Aging® MagazineAbout Healthy Aging® Magazine
Magazine home page
Sign Up Healthy Aging® Free Newsletter
Advertise in the magazine
Media Kit
Reprints
Healthy Aging® ResourcesHealthy Aging® Month
Educators
Aging
Care
Healthy Aging® Store
Interesting Links and Related Sites
About Healthy Aging®Contact Healthy Aging®
About Healthy Aging®
Trademark
Advertise
About the Healthy Aging®Website
Jobs
Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
FacebookInstagramPinterestRSSTwitter
Copyright © Healthy Aging ®
2020 All Rights Reserved.
New to Healthy Aging®?
Don't miss out on healthy lifestyle tips and information...
Sign up for your Free Newsletter now!
Please don't show this again