http://healthforumonline.com/privacy-policy/
X
You may need to Reload the page to make it work correctly.
HomeOur CoursesUpcoming: About HealthForumOnlineAccreditationsFAQRegisterLog InCart
Privacy Policy
We understand that your privacy is
very important to you. That's why we've developed this policy to ensure
that your privacy is protected while using our Service.
About Health Forum Online, LLC and Information We Collect
We ask for information such as your name, email address, company, address,
and phone number. We collect information in the following ways:
Information we receive from you on your order form
Information we receive from taking online courses and through evaluation forms
Information we receive through our Web site
Information about your transactions with us
Why We Collect This Information
We collect this information for a variety of reasons, including Health
Forum Online's effort to inform you of changes in service, special
offers, newsletters, and other products and services that you may be
interested in.
When you submit personal information to Health Forum Online, you understand and agree that Health Forum Online may access, store, and use your customer profile. Health Forum Online will not store credit card information nor will it disclose credit card
information to any third parties.
Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information
Health Forum Online, LLC will use your Information only for that specific
purpose for which you submitted the information. We DO NOT sell or rent
any personally identifiable information about you, including but not
limited to, your emails, addresses, names, and phone numbers, to any
third party without your permission. Unless otherwise indicated,
information provided by you to Health Forum Online is for internal use
only to fulfill your order requirements or for administrative purposes.
We may disclose your personal information we collect, as described
above, to companies that perform services on our behalf to fulfill
order requirements or administrative requirements.
We will cooperate with legal authorities in order to assist in an
investigation, and may release your personal information to them, as
required by law.
Our Security Procedures
We restrict access to personal customer information and only allow
disclosures to persons to assist in the order fulfillment process or
administrative process. We maintain physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information
Please help Health Forum Online maintain the accuracy of your information by
notifying us of any change to your address, phone number, email address
or other information by updating your profile, sending an email or by
writing to the address below.
Billing
All payment information that is on the payment page including your e-mail
address, credit card number, company name, first name, last name,
address, city, state, zip, country, is received by Verisign Inc, our
authorized payment processor, on their secure payment gateway. Secure
Socket Layer (SSL) is used for all financial transactions to ensure
your security. If you have any questions, please refer to their Privacy
Policy and Terms of Use at http://www.verisign.com/truste/
Privacy Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may change at any time. It is your sole responsibility
to revisit this page to review our privacy policy updates.
The most recent version of our Privacy Policy is always available from the bottom of most pages on the site.
© Health Forum Online, LLC, 2007.
Our Contact Information
Health Forum Online, LLC
505 Old York Road
Suite 100
Jenkintown, PA 19046
Phone 215-887-6669
Fax 215-884-3697
info@healthforumonline.com
Home | Our Courses | Upcoming | About Us | FAQS | Cart | Contact Us
Site Map | HFO Press | Privacy Policy | Grievance Policy | Associated Links | CE Requirements
© 2008 - 2020 HealthForumOnline, LLC
Created by NetReach.®  Powered by cmScribe Content Management System (cms)