https://healingdeva.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarTHIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES SOLELY TO INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIS WEBSITE.
We value your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the healingdeva.com Website (the “Website”) operated by HEALINGDEVA.COM (“Us”, “We”, “Our”) as this Privacy Policy contains important information regarding your privacy and how we may use the information we collect about you.
Your access to and use of the Website is conditional upon your acceptance of and compliance with this Privacy Policy. By using this Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this Website. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Usage Data may include information such as your Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages on Our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
What Information We May Collect and Store
We receive and store any and all information that you enter on this Website or provide to us by any other form of communication, including, but not limited to: electronic mail, regular mail and phone calls.
Categories of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that we collect via this Website:
Name
Email
Location
IP address
This Website collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with This Website. This Website does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information by not filling out the contact form.
We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying information to anyone.
Under certain circumstances, We may be required to disclose potentially personally-identifying (PI) and personally-identifying information (PII) if required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. This Website uses cookies for reasons including, but not limited to:
Analyze our web traffic using Google Analytics.
Website functionality.
Recognize when you return to the Website.
A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better user experience by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful, and which pages you do not.
Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse Cookies before visiting websites, with the drawback that certain features of our website may not function properly without the use of Cookies.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS and THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This Website uses Google Analytics for information regarding search engine optimization, to improve the functionality of this website, and to track which pages on this website are most useful to our website visitors. Google provides a Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Read https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ for more information.
This Website may contain links to websites and embedded content (e.g. videos) operated by parties other than Us. All links are for reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their content or practices. It is up to you to read and fully understand their Privacy Policies. Our inclusion of links  to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material placed on such websites or any association with the website owners or operators.
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH FACEBOOK, TWITTER, GOOGLE, YELP, PAYPAL, OR ANY OTHER THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE.
RECAPTCHA
This Website uses reCAPTCHA. reCAPTCHA is a service from Google that helps distinguish between humans and bots, thereby helping prevent spam. reCAPTCHA works by collecting hardware and software information, such as device and application data and the results of integrity checks, sending that data to Google. Please read Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Service to learn more about reCAPTCHA and how Google uses your personal information.
SHOPPING CART
This Website uses e-Junkie for selling digital goods (Reiki Manuals). You can find their Privacy Policy posted on their website. Payments are processed through PayPal.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. Most modern browsers provide this option. We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
OPTING OUT OF US COLLECTING PERSONAL  INFORMATION
The easiest way to opt-out of us collecting your PII is to not input data into our Contact or Article Submission forms.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This Website is intended for use by a general audience and does not offer services to children.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The security of your personal data is important to us.  While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee its absolute security online.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Although most changes are likely to be minor, We may change Our Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion.  Your continued use of this Website after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
QUESTIONS
If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us via our Contact form.
Last Updated: January 28, 2020
Search this website