https://hedyschleifer.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Office of Hedy Schleifer
Your privacy is important to Hedy Schleifer. This statement describes our privacy practices for our website (www.hedyschleifer.com) and office personnel including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information may be shared. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our clients, associates and visitors.
We conform with the General Data Protection Regulation set forth by the European Economic Area for our visitors who are covered by that regulation. In addition, we comply, as required to various privacy laws in the US, covered below.
This privacy policy applies to visitors to our site who view only publicly available information, as well as customers who engage with us around our service offerings, free or paid. By visiting our site or engaging with us around our service offerings, free or paid, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
Your Personal Information
Hedy Schleifer is the sole owner of the information collected on our website or via our office personnel. You can visit www.hedyschleifer.com without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, to access certain portions of the website or send us a message via the contact form, you may have to provide us personal information such as your name and e-mail address. We use this information to deliver the services requested of us, and, on occasion, to contact visitors about offerings for which they have expressed interest or may be interested in the future.
How Information is Collected, & Our Mailing List
Contact Form/Email: If you send us a message via our website contact forms, we require you to enter your first name and email address so that we can respond to your inquiry. Some forms include other requested information such as phone number, spouse/partner name, and how you heard about us. If you send us an email directly (not through our web form) we will capture any information that you give to us in your email so that we can better answer your inquiry.
Registration/Order: When you register for one of our workshops, training sessions, other events, or order a product, you will need to provide your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and credit card information. Your credit card information is used solely for the secure processing of your registration or order. All other information will be used to permit us to communicate with you about the services you’ve purchased. All payment/order data is held by 1ShoppingCart. You can read their privacy notice, here.
Calling our Office: When contacting our office, you may provide us with your personal information so that we can send you the information you request or answer your inquiry.
General Mailing List: We use a third-party provider, Mailchimp.com, to deliver our newsletter and periodic announcements about our upcoming events. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see Mailchimp’s privacy statement. You can unsubscribe from general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
How Information is Used
Any information that you provide us via our website or to our office may be used to provide you with the services that you’ve requested from us including answering your inquiry, and/or also keeping you informed of future offerings via our mailing list. After your initial inquiry or registration, we may contact you again via email, phone, fax, text or postal mail depending on what information you provided.
Transfer, Storage, and Processing of Your Information Internationally
Our third-party vendors may transfer, store, and process your personal information in the United States, or in other countries at their sole discretion in order to effect your efficient use of their services.
How Long Your Personal Information is Stored
We store your information only as long as we need to in order to provide you with the services you’ve requested from us, unless otherwise required by law.
When we no longer have a legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize the information.
If you have previously ordered a product, or registered for an event, you may not be completely deleted from our records unless you specifically request that we delete that information as well; doing so may mean that we cannot fulfill on delivery of services.
Your Rights to Access / Remove / Change Your Information
Based on the laws of your country, you may have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
• to access/view your information
• to rectify/amend your information
• to the portability of your information
• to withdraw consent of our use of your information
• to ask us to delete/erase your information
• to restrict/object our processing of your information
• to complain to a supervisory authority
Access / View / Change / Amend / Port your Information
You may have the right, for any reason, to view the information that we store about you. We will gladly tell you what information we keep in our records, and you can ask us to change or amend any of that information. Upon request, we can send you a file, such as an excel spreadsheet, with the information we have about you. We also appreciate any updates to your contact information such as a change in your mailing address or email address. You can provide us with your updated information by using the appropriate link on the emails you receive, or by calling or postal mailing our office with the update. To access, view, change, amend, or port your information, contact us by phone, email, or postal mail at the addresses listed at the bottom of this policy. We will reply to your request within 30 days.
Withdraw Your Consent to Receive Emails or Calls
To be removed from our marketing emails, you can do this by using the Unsubscribe link in emails that you receive. You can also withdraw your consent to receive calls by contacting us by phone, email, or postal mail at the addresses listed at the bottom of this policy. We will reply to your request within 30 days.
Delete / Erase Your Information Completely
You may request at any time the deletion of all the information that we may have for you. We take all removal requests seriously. You may need to be removed from more than one database, and any oversight or delay is purely unintentional and will be corrected.
Be aware that requesting deletion, unlike unsubscribing from specific emails, is total and irreversible. This means that we will also lose record of you having ever been on our records, including any previous event registrations, products purchased, or previous instructions you may have given us opting out of specific emails types. If you re-join our systems, by voluntarily providing your personal information, you will appear to us as a completely new record.
To request deletion of your personal information, contact us by phone, email, or postal mail at the addresses listed at the bottom of this policy. We will reply to your request within 30 days.
Restrict / Object / Complain of Our Use of Your Information
At any time, you want us to keep your information but do not want us to use it, you may inform us of the request along with exactly how you do or do not want your data used. If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes upon data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze aggregate site traffic, and for online marketing purposes as outlined below.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. You can find extensive general information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies for Website Traffic Information (Google Analytics)
Like most websites, we use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to discover patterns such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. Some information collected includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone personally. We use this information to try to better understand visitor preferences. None of your personal or specifically identifiable information is used or stored.
Cookies for Marketing Purposes
Should we use online advertising through Google ads, Google uses a cookie to track the success of our advertisement. Likewise, we use a Facebook pixel to help us track the success of an advertisement on Facebook.
Affiliate Program Participation
We participate in the Amazon Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program. As part of this program, we have used customized links, provided by Amazon, to track our referrals of products on Amazon. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
YouTube Cookies
On our website we embed videos from our official YouTube channel. YouTube may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, to keep track of number of views, and where you may stop in the video so you can come back to the same place next time.
Disabling Cookies
You may disable cookies through your web browser settings at any time if you do not wish for information to be collected about how you use our website. More detailed information about how to manage cookies can be found at your browser’s website, or by clicking on ‘settings’ in your browser.
Security
Our website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. We work with third-party vendors that are also committed to protecting user information. In every case, your information is transferred to our vendors automatically in the safest way possible.
Those We Trust with Your Information
We do not sell, distribute or share your personal information with third parties of any kind without your permission.
Friends and Associates: Rarely, a third party may ask us to distribute information for them that may interest you. In this case we will forward the information to you from our office directly, and will not give your information to the third party.
Your Fellow Graduates: Many individuals, couples, and professionals who attend our workshops and trainings want to stay in touch with their classmates. If you attend our events, two weeks after the event we may distribute your name and email address to the rest of your classmates. Before doing so, we will ask for your permission via an email. At no time will we release your information to another party without your permission unless required by law to do so.
Event Registrations, Product Sales, & Payments: We use 1Shoppingcart.com as our secure payment service to securely process all credit card information. Your credit card information is kept for a maximum of 30 days in order to issue refunds if necessary. Their full privacy policy is available on their site.
Google Analytics
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site. You can read more about how Google uses your personal information here. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website contains links to other websites. Although we link only to people and organization we believe are trustworthy, Hedy Schleifer is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Please be aware of when you are leaving our website and review the privacy practices of the other websites.
Affiliate Program Participation
We participate in the Amazon Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program, designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com. As part of this program, we have used customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referral to Amazon. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales. If you used these links and purchase a book on Amazon.com, we may receive a small commission at no additional cost to you.
“Do Not Track” Technology
Newer web browsers have a “Do Not Track” preference that transmits a “Do Not Track” message to a websites you visit with information indicating that you do not want your activity to be tracked. We currently do not respond to browser “Do Not Track” signals.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance (COPPA)
Our site and services are not appropriate for anyone under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian who believes we may have collected information about your child, please contact us via phone, email, or postal mail at the addresses listed at the bottom of this policy. We will reply to your request within 30 days.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We are in compliance with the requirements of CalOPPA (California Online Privacy Protection Act).
Notification of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on December 9, 2020. Please visit this page from time to time and check for any updates.
Questions Regarding this Privacy Statement
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:
Hedy Schleifer
RE: Privacy Policy
2000 14th St. NW, Ste 104, #73022
Washington, DC 20009
Phone: +1 305-604-0010
Email: info@hedyschleifer.com
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze aggregate site traffic, and for online marketing purposes . Some third-party sites may also track your use of this website if you visit a page which contains their embedded content. You can opt out of being served cookies by adjusting your settings; however doing so may limit our ability to provide services to you.
Learn more by reading our privacy policy. AcceptPrivacy Policy