https://helenhayeshospital.org/legal-disclaimer/
Spinal Cord Injury Rehabilitation
Joint Replacement and Orthopedic Rehabilitation
Traumatic Brain Injury
Stroke Rehabilitation
Cardiopulmonary Rehabilitation
Patients and Visitors
Legal Disclaimer
While the New York State Department of Health makes every effort to post accurate and reliable information, it does not guarantee or warrant that the information on this website is complete, accurate or up-to-date. The New York State Department of Health assumes no responsibility for the use or application of any posted material. This website is intended solely for the purpose of electronically providing the public with general health-related information and convenient access to data resources. The New York State Department of Health assumes no responsibility for any error, omissions or other discrepancies between the electronic and printed versions of documents.
The New York State Department of Health cannot provide individual advice or counseling, whether medical, legal, or otherwise. If you are seeking specific advice or counseling, you should contact a licensed practitioner or professional, a social services agency representative, or an organization in your local community.
The New York State Department of Health cannot guarantee the privacy or security of information shared via e-mail or other means not specifically designed for sensitive information exchange. Please do not include any confidential information, such as private health information or social security numbers, within your e-mail message or within any other unsecured method of correspondence.
The New York State Department of Health website links to websites maintained by other entities. Reasonable precautions are taken to link only to websites which are appropriate, accurate and maintained by reputable organizations. However, those web pages are not under the New York State Department of Health’s control and the New York State Department of Health is not responsible for the information or opinions expressed in those linked sites.
Accessibility statement for Helen Hayes Hospital
We want everyone who visits the Helen Hayes Hospital website to feel welcome and find the experience rewarding.
What are we doing?
To help us make the website a positive place for everyone, we’ve been using the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0. These guidelines, which have three levels of accessibility (A, AA and AAA), explain how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities, and user friendly for everyone. Currently, we meet the AA level.
How are we doing?
We monitor the website regularly to maintain this level, but if you do find any issues, please get in touch in any of the following ways:
Email us at webmaster@helenhayeshospital.org
Call us on 845-786-4225
Related Services
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Patient Rights
Health Info
HHH Staff
Amputee Rehabilitation
Traumatic Brain Injury Rehab
Cardiopulmonary Rehabilitation
Joint Replacement & Orthopedic Rehabilitation
Neurological Rehabilitation
Spinal Cord Injury Rehabilitation
Stroke Rehabilitation
Subacute Rehabilitation
X