http://helpingourteengirls.org/home/privacy-policy/
Helping Our Teen Girls In Real Life Situations, Inc. (HOTGIRLS)Improving the health and lives of underserved young women and girls since 2001About HOTGIRLS
Our Name
Our Beliefs & Values
Dr. Carla Stokes
Our Partners
What We Do
Workshops & Events
Young Women’s Leadership Council
Youth Advisors
Walk In My Shoes Project
Transformed Lives
Press
What’s Hot
Our Supporters
Resources
Young Women & Girls
Educators & Girl-Serving Professionals
Parents & Caregivers
FAQs
Thank you for your support. HOTGIRLS is no longer operating. This website is an archive and celebration of our work. You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
HOTGIRLS’ Philosophy and Commitment to Privacy Protection
Thank you for visiting helpingourteengirls.org. This web site is provided by Helping Our Teen Girls In Real Life Situations, Inc. (“HOTGIRLS”). Your privacy is very important to us. HOTGIRLS has created this Privacy Policy to show our commitment to user privacy and online data security, and to communicate our online information gathering, use and dissemination practices for users of this helpingourteengirls.org site (the “Site”). Please take the time to read and understand our privacy policies so that you can understand how we treat your personally identifiable information.
1. Information Collected. You may be asked to provide, or HOTGIRLS may gather, certain information and data described on the Site and in this Privacy Policy. HOTGIRLS does not collect Identifiable Information about you unless you submit that information to us voluntarily. Some of this information and data will be identifiable as yours, including names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, financial information, and compilations of data (collectively, your “Identifiable Information”). However, we do not require users to provide their real names, postal addresses, or telephone numbers in order to use this Site. We also ask young women under 18 years of age to check with their parents before giving out any Identifiable Information on our Site.
2. HOTGIRLS’ Protection and Use of Your Identifiable Information.
2.1 HOTGIRLS shall use your Identifiable Information only in association with its operation and administration of the Site and its communications with you. HOTGIRLS shall maintain the confidentiality of your Identifiable Information in the same manner in which it protects its own confidential information of like kind, but in no event shall HOTGIRLS take less than reasonable precautions to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of your Identifiable Information.
2.2 HOTGIRLS may disclose your Identifiable Information to its employees, volunteers, and contractors on a need to know basis provided that such employees, volunteers, and contractors have confidentiality obligations to HOTGIRLS. HOTGIRLS may also disclose your Identifiable Information (and any information in its possession) as required by applicable law or pursuant to a subpoena, order and/or request of a court or other governmental, legislative or regulatory body. HOTGIRLS reserves its right to disclose your Identifiable Information if it believes, in good faith, that such disclosure is necessary to respond to an emergency situation (i.e., if you tell us that you are hurting or planning to hurt yourself or others). Lastly, HOTGIRLS may modify your Identifiable Information such that it is not identifiable as yours, and HOTGIRLS may store, analyze, manipulate, aggregate, display, disclose, distribute, retain and otherwise use such unidentifiable information without restriction.
2.3 HOTGIRLS’ obligations under this Privacy Policy do not apply to any information or data that:
(a) is not identifiable as yours;
(b) is or becomes entirely in the public domain (for example: postings on our forums);
(c) was known to HOTGIRLS prior to its access to the information or data;
(d) received lawfully from a third party through no breach of any obligation of confidentiality owed to you; and/or
(e) created by HOTGIRLS independently of its access to or use of your Identifiable Information.
HOTGIRLS will have no obligation or responsibility to return or provide any unidentifiable information to you.
Third Party Sites. The Site contains links to other web sites. HOTGIRLS is not affiliated with, and HOTGIRLS does not endorse or sponsor, any such linked sites. HOTGIRLS provides any such links to you only as a matter of convenience, and in no event shall HOTGIRLS be responsible or liable for any content, products, or other materials on or available from or through such sites, including, but not limited to, the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites. Users will need to review the privacy policies or statements of these other web sites to understand the operators’ information gathering, use and dissemination practices.
3. Security. The Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of your Identifiable Information and data under HOTGIRLS’ control. Such security involves the use of firewalls, intrusion detection and blocking software, packet filtering, and other commonly used security methods. Despite taking these measures, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. Because no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we cannot guarantee the security of information you transmit to us, and you transmit all information to us at your own risk.
4. Opt-Out Policy. You have the option to opt out of providing certain information or data, from being contacted by or receiving information from HOTGIRLS, its sponsors, advertisers, affiliates and/or strategic partners, and to choose how HOTGIRLS uses your information and data. You may exercise your options by sending an e-mail with your request.
5. Reviewing, Correcting & Updating Your Identifiable Information. You may review, update and correct your Identifiable Information by sending us an e-mail. You can always unsubscribe from our mailing lists or contact us in order to delete your personal information from our systems. However, you should be aware that even if we delete your personal information, it is not technologically possible to delete every record of information you have provided to this Site from our servers (i.e., postings). Since we back-up our systems to prevent accidental loss, it is possible that a copy of your personal information may exist in a non-erasable form that may be impossible to locate.
6. Internet Protocol Addresses. We collect non-personally Identifiable Information via cookies and Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses. IP addresses are identification numbers assigned to a user’s computer by its Internet Service Provider each time the user logs onto the Internet, or are permanently assigned if a user has an open connection to the Internet. IP addresses are used by HOTGIRLS to, among other things, administer the Site, help diagnose technical problems, and to track and analyze aggregate data associated with the Site. This means that a user’s session will be logged, but the user will be anonymous. HOTGIRLS may sometimes ask users for personal information via our online surveys. This information will not be used to identify you. HOTGIRLS may provide such IP addresses and/or such aggregate data to third parties. However, IP addresses are not linked to your Identifiable Information, and HOTGIRLS will not disclose your Identifiable Information in providing IP addresses or aggregate data to third parties.
7. Client Variables and Cookies. A “client variable” is a piece of data stored on the server containing information about the user. A “cookie” is a piece of data stored on a user’s hard drive containing information about the user. HOTGIRLS uses Client Variables and cookies to authenticate users and provide time saving shortcuts and preferences. Some of HOTGIRLS’ sponsors, advertisers, affiliates and/or strategic partners use cookies, however HOTGIRLS has no access to, or control over, these cookies.
8. Third Party Sites. The Site contains links to other web sites. HOTGIRLS is not affiliated with, and HOTGIRLS does not endorse or sponsor, any such linked sites. HOTGIRLS provides any such links to you only as a matter of convenience, and in no event shall HOTGIRLS be responsible or liable for any content, products, or other materials on or available from or through such sites, including, but not limited to, the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites. Users will need to review the privacy policies or statements of these other web sites to understand the operators’ information gathering, use and dissemination practices.
9. Amendments to This Privacy Policy. HOTGIRLS reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion. HOTGIRLS will provide notification of any change by posting the change on the Site. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy and all such changes. Continued use of the Site after any such changes have been posted shall constitute your agreement to such changes. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of HOTGIRLS’ Terms of Use for the Site.
Read More Success Stories
Tweets by @https://twitter.com/HOTGIRLSInc
This web site was made possible by a generous gift from the National Association of University Women.[Read more...]
Donna Clark presents the NAUW Community Service Grant Award to HOTGIRLS.
Return to top of pagePrivacy Policy | Terms of Use | Health Disclaimer © 2001-2016 Helping Our Teen Girls In Real Life Situations, Inc. (HOTGIRLS)®
Twitter
Facebook
grab this