https://hemoglobal.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Please read the following Terms and Conditions of use carefully before using this site.
By using this site, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use this site.
Hemoglobal may revise and update these Terms and Conditions without notice at any time. Your continued usage of the Hemoglobal Web site (“site”) will mean you accept those changes.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
This is a Canadian Web site.
This site does not provide medical advice.
Please be advised that all of the information on Hemoglobal’s Web site is provided for informational purposes only. This site does not provide medical advice. It is not a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. If you have or suspect you have a health problem, please consult your family physician. If you have or suspect you are experiencing a health emergency, please promptly visit a Hospital Emergency Department in your area.
This site may contain health- or medical-related materials that are explicit. If you find these materials offensive, you may not want to use our site.
The site and the content provided are on an “as is” basis. Reliance on any information provided by Hemoglobal appearing on or provided in relation to the site is solely at your own risk.
When using the site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of Hemoglobal. As such, Hemoglobal assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of this site.
Use of Content
Hemoglobal authorizes you to view or download a single copy of the material on the Hemoglobal site solely for your personal, noncommercial use if you include the following copyright notice: “Copyright © 2006 Hemoglobal. All rights reserved.” Any other use of the material is strictly prohibited without our prior written permission and the permission of the applicable rights holder(s). If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the content.
External Web sites linked from Hemoglobal’s Web site
Any Web sites linked from the Hemoglobal Web site are created by organizations outside Hemoglobal. Those organizations are responsible for the information contained within their sites. Hemoglobal does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party websites. Hemoglobal is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites or third-party advertisements and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Any specific comments regarding these sites should be directed to that individual organization.
General Information
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others of these Terms and Conditions of use does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms and Conditions of Use set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us and any site user with respect to the site, its uses and services.
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the site, these Terms and Conditions and the Hemoglobal Disclaimer constitute the entire agreement between you and Hemoglobal with respect to the use of the Hemoglobal Web site.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy can be found here.
Trademarks
Hemoglobal® logo is a registered mark of the Hemoglobal, a registered Canadian charity.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions of Use or the Web site in general, please contact us at info@hemoglobal.org.
Thank you for visiting info@hemoglobal.orgWe hope you find your visit to be worthwhile and useful.