http://herpesalliance.org/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy applies to the Herpesalliance.org. Herpesalliance.org sites include any site that may share information among their subsidiaries or sites that they own or control, but they are always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Herpesalliance.org site contains links to other sites. Once you enter another Web site (whether through an advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that Herpesalliance.org is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit through a link or advertisement on Herpesalliance.org.
Non-Personal Information We Collect About You
Even if you do not register with Herpesalliance.org, we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site, special promotions and newsletters.
A. Cookies
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site and your use of the Web sites of selected sponsors and advertisers through the use of Cookies. Every computer that accesses a Herpesalliance.org Web site is assigned a different Cookie by Herpesalliance.org. The information collected by Cookies (i) helps us dynamically generate advertising and content on Web pages or in newsletters, (ii) allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Web site and selected sponsors’ and advertisers’ sites, (iii) how many people open our emails, and (iv) for what purposes these actions are being taken. We may use Cookie information to target certain advertisements to your browser or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. Cookies are also used to facilitate a user’s log-in, as navigation aides and as session timers. Cookies used by Herpesalliance.org and IMI are also used to restrict underage use of the tools.
If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our Web site may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use our site. We do not link Non-Personal Information from Cookies to Personally Identifiable Information without your permission and do not use Cookies to collect or store Personal Health Information about you.
B. Web Beacons
We also may use Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your use of our Web site and the Web sites of selected sponsors and advertisers, and your use of special promotions or newsletters. The information collected by Web Beacons (i) allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our website and selected sponsors’ and advertisers’ sites, (ii) how many people open our emails, and (iii) for what purposes these actions are being taken. Our Web Beacons are not used to track your activity outside of our Web sites or those of our sponsors’. We do not link Non-Personal Information from Web Beacons to Personally Identifiable Information without your permission and do not use Web Beacons to collect or store Personal Health Information about you.
C. Third Parties Collecting Non-Personal Information on IMI’s Behalf
Third parties under contract with Herpesalliance.org may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of IMI’s sites, and this information may used by Herpesalliance.org to tailor the advertising you may see on sites within the networks of these third parties. This Non-Personal Information is anonymous and does not contain any personal information about you. These third parties may collect this information, on our behalf, to help Herpesalliance.org target our advertising on these third party sites. These third parties have agreed not to use this non-personal cookie or web beacon information except to help us target our advertising on these sites and have agreed to not link any non-personal cookie or web beacon information collected by them on our sites to Personally Identifiable Information they or others collect from other sites. If you browser is set to reject cookies, this Non-Personal Information will not be sent to these third parties.
D: Personally Identifiable Information We Collect About You
Currently, we do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. In the future, we may collect Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us when you register as a member of Herpesalliance.org and/or when you update your member profile. We use the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to respond to your questions, provide you the specific services you select, send you emails about Web site maintenance and updates, and inform you of significant changes to this Privacy Policy.
E. Newsletters and Emails to You
At various times as you use Herpesalliance.org, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational/promotional newsletters via email from Herpesalliance.org and/or directly from third parties. These emails will not contain Personal Health Information. When you sign up for our email newsletters or any time thereafter, you can choose to Opt-Out of receiving additional promotional emails from Herpesalliance.org. In order to subscribe to Herpesalliance.org newsletters via email, we need your contact information, such as name and email address.
F. Emails You Send to Herpesalliance.org
This Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to Herpesalliance.org by email. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to Herpesalliance.org. We try to answer every email within 30 business days, but are not always able to do so.
G. Message Boards and other Public Forums
As a service to our users, Herpesalliance.org features message boards, chat rooms and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer. We also offer online discussions moderated by medical or healthcare experts. Any information shared (including Personally Identifiable and Personal Health Information) that you reveal in a chat room, message board, Ask The Doctors posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not a private, secure service. You should think carefully before disclosing any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information in any public forum. What you have written may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, this information may also appear in third-party search engines like Google, Yahoo, MSN etc.
H. Subscription Services
From time to time, Herpesalliance.org offers users the opportunity to register for paid subscription services. Each subscription service has its own Service Agreement that governs your use of the service and the information we collect to provide the service, including your credit card information. The Service Agreement will be disclosed to you at the time of registration for that subscription service.
I. Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Neither Herpesalliance.org nor any of its services are designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. A parent or guardian, however, may use Herpesalliance.org Manager to establish a personal health record for a minor. The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor’s use of Herpesalliance.org The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate. The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through Herpesalliance.org for the minor.
J. Market Research
From time to time the Herpesalliance.org market research department, or its operations contractors acting on its behalf, conducts online research surveys in order to gather feedback about our site, our sponsors and opinions on important healthcare issues, through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may ask you to submit Personally Identifiable Information. This Personally Identifiable Information is used for research purposes, and is not used for sales solicitations. When a survey is sponsored by a third party, Aggregate Information of the survey results is reported to the sponsor. Personally Identifiable Information collected through market research will be used only by Herpesalliance.org and its service providers and contractors and will not be given or sold to a third party without your consent or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. For market research surveys we will not knowingly accept survey responses from or conduct interviews with any person under the age of 18.
K: Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on Herpesalliance.org’s Behalf
Sponsors or advertisers on Herpesalliance.org may use their own Cookies, Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on Herpesalliance.org and in emails, special promotions or newsletters we send you. Some advertisers use companies other than Herpesalliance.org to serve their ads and to monitor users’ responses to ads, and these companies (“Ad Servers”) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on our Web site. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the Web site of an Ad Server or other third party acting on behalf of the sponsor, partner, or advertiser before re-directing your browser to its selected destination (e.g., back to Herpesalliance.org to show the ad, or to the advertiser’s website); this re-direction process will not be apparent to you.
We do not control these third parties’ use of cookies or Web Beacons, or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. You should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from our site to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies or web beacons on their own sites.
L: Disclosure of Your Information
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Herpesalliance.org will not disclose any Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information it gathers from you on our website. We may only release Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable or Personal Health Information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below.
M. Disclosure to Herpesalliance.org Operations and Maintenance Contractors
Herpesalliance.org operations and maintenance contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information in the course of providing products or services to Herpesalliance.org. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our Web site. Unless you have Opted-out of receiving emails and newsletters from Herpesalliance.org, these contractors also may have access to your email address to send newsletters or special promotions to you on our behalf or to send emails to you for purposes such as conducting market research on our behalf. Access to your Personally Identifiable Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for Herpesalliance.org. We also contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors 1) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and 2) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with products and services as required by law.
N. Disclosure to Third Party Contractor Websites
Certain content and services offered to you through our website are served on Web sites hosted and operated by a company other than Herpesalliance.org (“Third Party Contractor Web sites”). Herpesalliance.org does not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to these Third Party Contractor Web sites without your consent, but you should be aware that any information you disclose once you access these other Web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Herpesalliance.org does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Contractor Web sites. You should review the privacy policy posted on the other Web site to understand how that Third Party Contractor Website collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information. Herpesalliance.org makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Contractor Web site, either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site.
Herpesalliance.org also provides links to sites provided by Third Party Contractor Websites that have business arrangements with Herpesalliance.org to pay commissions based on sales of products or services generated through Herpesalliance.org.
O. Disclosure to Linked Sites
In addition to the Third Party Contractor Web sites that you may access as described above, for your convenience there are links to Third Party Web sites operated by companies that are not affiliated with the Herpesalliance.org Web site and that do not have contracts to provide content or services through the Herpesalliance.org Web site. These links may be found in advertisements, referenced within content, or placed beside the names or logos of sponsors. Herpesalliance.org does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Websites without obtaining your consent. Herpesalliance.org does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. If you choose to link to one of these Third Party Web sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on this other website to understand how that Third Party Web site collects and uses your Personally Identifiable Information.
P: How Herpesalliance.org Handles Privacy and Security Internally
Listed below are some of the security procedures that Herpesalliance.org uses to protect your privacy:
Herpesalliance.org does not currently collect Personally Identifiable Information or Personal Health Information. Backs-up our systems to protect the integrity of your Personally Identifiable and Personal Health Information.
Despite Herpesalliance.org’s efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information and Personal Health Information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted.
Q: Updating Your Information and Contacting Herpesalliance.org
R. Updating Your Personally Identifiable Information
Herpesalliance.org tools that collect and store self-reported data allow you to correct, update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool, logging-in and making the desired changes.
S. Removing your Personal Information
If you have a complaint or problem, please contact Customer Support. We try to answer every email within 30 business days, but may not always able to do so. If you do not receive adequate resolution of a privacy related problem, you may write to Herpesalliance.org’s Privacy Help Desk.
T: Phishing
With identity theft a continuing problem, it has become increasingly common for unauthorized individuals to send e-mail messages to consumers, purporting to represent a legitimate company such as a bank or on-line merchant, requesting that the consumer provide personal, often sensitive information. Sometimes, the domain name of the e-mail address from which the e-mail appears to have been sent, and the domain name of the web site requesting such information, appears to be the domain name of a legitimate, trusted company. In reality, such sensitive information is received by an unauthorized individual to be used for purposes of identity theft. This illegal activity has come to be known as “phishing”.
If you receive an e-mail or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your web site password or credit card information) via e-mail or to a web site that does not seem to be affiliated with our web site, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such request to us.
We will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
U: Changes to this Privacy Policy
Personally Identifiable Information – We will inform you if a material change to the Privacy Policy, which means a change that expands the permissible uses or disclosures of Personally Identifiable Information allowed by the prior version of the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Herpesalliance.org Web site will indicate acceptance of the changes. You may of course choose to Opt-out of continuing to use the Herpesalliance.org Web site. Please exit the site immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy.
Personal Health Information – We will inform you if a material change in the Privacy Policy is made that involves the use of your Personal Health Information, and your express Opt-in authorization will be requested. Please exit the site immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy. Herpesalliance.org reserves the right to discontinue or limit functionality in all its products including Herpesalliance.org.
Non-Significant Changes – Herpesalliance.org may make non-significant changes to the Privacy Policy that do no affect Personally Identifiable Information or Personal Health Information. For these instances, Herpesalliance.org may not notify you of such non-significant changes.