https://hivcl.org/privacy-policy/
Introduction
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in Canadian privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
PIPEDA sets out the ground rules for how private-sector organizations collect, use or disclose personal information in the course of commercial activities across Canada. It also applies to personal information of employees of federally-regulated works, undertakings, or businesses (organizations that are federally-regulated, such as banks, airlines, and telecommunications companies).
It should be noted that PIPEDA does not apply to organizations that are not engaged in commercial activity. As such, it does not generally apply to not-for-profit and charity groups, associations or political parties, for example—unless the organization is conducting a commercial activity (fundraising is not considered a commercial activity).
In addition, PIPEDA will not apply to an organization that operates wholly within a province that has legislation that has been deemed substantially similar to the PIPEDA, unless the personal information crosses provincial or national borders. Alberta, British Columbia and Quebec have general private-sector legislation that has been deemed substantially similar. (see following section titled “Provincial privacy laws” for more information)
Therefore, PIPEDA generally applies to:
Private-sector organizations carrying on business in Canada in the provinces or territories of Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Northwest Territories, Nova Scotia, Nunavut, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Saskatchewan, or Yukon but not their handling of employee information.
Private-sector organizations carrying on business in Canada when the personal information they collect, use or disclose crosses provincial or national borders but not their handling of employee information.
Federally-regulated organizations carrying on commercial activity in Canada, such as a bank, airline, telephone or broadcasting company, etc., including their handling of health information and employee information.
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada oversees compliance with PIPEDA.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in Canada and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CASL Compliance Act
The CASL Compliance Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CASL Compliance we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can contact us at: (403) 508-2500 or 1 (877) 440-2437
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
HIV Community Link
110 – 1603 10 Ave SW, Calgary AB, T3C 0J7
(403) 508-2500 or 1 (877) 440-2437 (toll free)
Type and Press “enter” to Search
Lead, Knowledge Translation and Peer Program
Janak is a public health researcher with a background in tropical medicine and global health. Janak is passionate about bringing change in the lives of people living with HIV by implementing programs related to harm reduction, health promotion and disease prevention. Janak is currently working on his Ph.D. in Community Health Sciences at Cumming School of Medicine, at the University of Calgary.
CLOSE
Karyn Jackson
Karyn holds a master’s degree in Social Work from the University of Calgary. She is passionate about the intersectionality of ageing and working to create communities that help reduce inequalities and support a just ageing process. Identifying as a radical social worker, Karyn’s approach is rooted in harm reduction and rights-based philosophies from which she adapts tools to help facilitate positive social change. Karyn loves the community that HIV Community Link has helped to foster and is honoured to share the journey with those who engage with the agency.
CLOSE
Bob Noftall
Bob is an independent Executive Coach who partners with leaders to strengthen their leadership impact within their teams, across the organization, and with external stakeholders. With over 20 years of experience as a Chief HR Officer he has significant understanding and experience of the complexities
leaders face as they lead organizations through growth and change.
Career experiences include Chief Human Resources Officer Celestica, Chief HR Officer for DH Corporation and EVP HR Americas and Asia Pacific Regions with Cadbury Schweppes PLC working out of Melbourne, Singapore, and the USA. Bob holds a Bachelor of Commerce Degree from the University of Calgary, Master’s Degree in Human Resources & Industrial Relations from the University of Toronto, and a Graduate Certificate in Executive Coaching from Royal Roads University.
A core value of Bob’s is supporting people who engage directly with vulnerable people in the community. He has more than 25 years of experience on volunteer boards, leading committees on Governance, Strategy, Human Resources and Fundraising. Experiences include Chair of the Griffin Centre, a Toronto based mental health agency for youth, adults, and their families and former board member of the National Ballet of Canada.
In addition to volunteering, Bob dedicates a quarter of his coaching practice to provide free coaching to leaders in not for profit organizations. Recently returned to his hometown of Calgary, he is delighted to be able to support HIV Community Link’s efforts in HIV Prevention, Support and Advocacy.
CLOSE
Jordana Goldstein, HIV Case Manager
Working at HIV Community Link fits perfectly with my skill set as a psychotherapist and gives me a fabulous opportunity to further my knowledge, education and experience. With a Masters of Counseling I am given the opportunity to enhance my two areas of specialization; bereavement and as a sex psychotherapist. The diversity, resilience and openness of the community members is a cherished aspect of my position. I appreciate the transparency, non-judgemental, open and welcoming work environment for both clients and staff. I am honored and often find myself humbled when clients share their stories and truly thankful to be a part of their journey.
CLOSE
Harm Reduction Outreach Worker
Kevin has a Bachelor of Health Science degree, majoring in Addictions Counselling from the University of Lethbridge. His passion for working in Harm Reduction developed while working in Vancouver’s Downtown Eastside at InSite, North America’s first supervised injection site. Kevin feels very fortunate in having the opportunity to work for HIV Community Link, as he has seen what good they have done in the advancement of Harm Reduction in his hometown of Medicine Hat.
CLOSE
Gordon Laskey-Roest
Gord is very excited to be joining the HIV Community Link Team in Medicine Hat. Gord is a country boy at heart, growing up on the Southern Prairies of Saskatchewan. Gord moved to Medicine Hat last year with his husband Chad for school, and  is a transfer student from the U of L Addictions Counselling program, now enrolled at Medicine Hat College in the combined Addictions Counselling & Social Work Diploma. Gord identifies as a (Two Spirited) Metis male. Gord’s passion is to work within both the Aboriginal and LGBTQ+ communities.
CLOSE
Sipiwe Mapfumo
Sipiwe’s experience in working with various immigrant serving agencies has equipped her with a solid understanding and management of diversity populations. An African woman herself, Sipiwe’s work with Drumbeat is more than just a job as sometimes she feels like an aunt to the African youth in Calgary. It has taken her six years to get to this level of trust and she loves it!
CLOSE
Ana Glavan
Ana started her career in journalism in 2001 in Europe, where she enjoyed covering social and diversity issues. She has been working in nonprofits since 2010 and loves HIV Community Link for the passion that glues the team together and the dedication to its clients’ well-being.
CLOSE
Katelyn Dickin
Katelyn (she/her) is a case manager with both the Shift and HIV Support Services programs. Katelyn is passionate about creating social change that positively impacts populations health. She comes from a background in public health, she has experiences working in sexual health, harm reduction, and population health promotion. What she enjoys most about HIV Community Link is the sense of community that brings people together from all walks of life. When she’s not working, Katelyn is often found traveling as she is always ready to tackle a new adventure.
CLOSE
Jordan Kroschinsky
Jordan joined the HIV Community Link Team as the Volunteer Coordinator. While she just returned from a 6 month posting through Global Affairs Canada  in Laos linking youth to volunteer experiences, Jordan couldn’t be happier staying connected to volunteerism here in Calgary. She believes they’re often the backbone to many social efforts, and bring power to a collective that moves far beyond the task at hand. She continues to see volunteerism as a translation of passion into action, and is very excited to help support HIVCL’s incredible volunteer team.
CLOSE
Coral Bush
Coral Bush has worked at HIV Community link for over 16 years as the Information and Support Worker. She also volunteered for 2 years before she became employed with the agency. She enjoys her job very much, as she has met so many wonderful people over the last 18 years, staff and clients alike. She has watched the agency grow and change over the years always on top of any change and needs our clients require. Coral also coordinates the nutrition program. She believes that compassion, kindness and knowledge are key for a good support team in helping clients  navigate the system and meeting them where they are at.
CLOSE
Mark Randall
Mark a has been living with HIV since 1988. He has traveled a long road from the time of no treatment options to the reality today that treatment works and undetectable equals untransmittable.  He has volunteered or worked for HIV Community Link, formerly AIDS Calgary, since 1997 as a public speaker, educator, advocate, staff person and as person living with HIV. He has done this in order to educate, inform with facts and work to remove the stigma and discrimination that remain entrenched at many levels of policy, law, community and service access points for people at risk for and living with HIV.
CLOSE
Kemi Awolusi
Kemi believes respectful engagement with local communities is critical to the success of any project and long term operations. Kemi has most recently worked in Fort McMurray with the Canadian Red Cross as a Community Outreach Worker. She has also worked in Tanzania and Nigeria as a Health Promotion Coordinator. Kemi has a Master of Public Health from the University of Saskatchewan.
CLOSE
Mike Miller
Mike Miller leads the Health Technology practice for EY Canada as well as the Advisory Analytics practice for Alberta bringing over 15 years of experience in data management, data integration, health informatics and data analytics. He’s worked with large public and private health organizations across North America on projects ranging from Clinical Information Systems, Population Care, Quality Improvement, Patient Safety, Benchmarking and Strategic Planning. He is passionate about helping organizations solve complex business problems through the use of enabling technologies. Mike’s success has been built off his diverse experience in a number of different industries including Healthcare, Oil and Gas, Manufacturing and High Tech. Mike holds a MSc in Health Informatics from the University of Victoria and an BA (Economics) from the University of Calgary.
CLOSE
Jack Janvier
Dr. Jack Janvier is an infectious disease specialist who is based out the Peter Lougheed Center. He also does HIV care at the Southern Alberta Clinic. He has a Bachelor of Science degree (1997) and a Doctor of Medicine degree (2001) from the University of Saskatchewan. He did his internal medicine training at the University of Saskatchewan and then received his infectious diseases training at the University of Calgary. He has been working full time in Calgary since 2009. He has been involved on the advisory board of HIV Community Link’s Strong Voices Aboriginal Program for about 3 years. He has also been involved in an advisory role for collaborative teams looking at tackling the HIV epidemic in Aboriginal populations in Saskatchewan.
CLOSE
Jonathan M. Ablett
Jonathan M. Ablett is a business and real estate lawyer presently working with Quarry Park Law in Calgary. Born and raised in Calgary, Jon is pleased to join the HIVCL Board of Directors for the 2017-2018 fiscal year. Jon obtained his degree with a dual area of concentration in both Management and Organizational Studies and Economics (2006) from the University of Western Ontario, and further completed his law degree (2009) at the University of Alberta in Edmonton. He was called to the Alberta Bar in 2010. Jon enjoys outdoor activities of all kinds, and presently also volunteers with the Kerby Centre in Calgary.
CLOSE
Andrew Matthews
Andrew Matthews’ educational background is rooted in finance and accounting and their impact on strategy and performance on a local, national and international level. Andrew holds a Bachelor of Commerce in International Business (University of Victoria), his Masters of Business Administration (Queen’s) and is also a Certified Management Accountant (CMA (Alberta). Andrew’s varied career has led him to roles in real estate, financial services, project accounting, financial analysis, management and controllership. Presently, Mr. Matthews is the Director of Finance for a Calgary based manufacturer of custom sand control filtration screens, which have applications in the oil & gas, water well, industrial and environmental industries. Andrew brings with him experience in the areas of finance, accounting, strategy and requirements development and implementation, as well as performance measurement and management. Andrew has broadened his experience by volunteering on, and consulting to, small business owners, boards of directors and steering committees in both for- and not-for-profit organizations and enjoys the variety of tasks and challenges these endeavours bring. His belief is that any inherent challenges ought to be treated as opportunities to learn and grow. Mr. Matthews attributes much of his tenacity, leadership and team-based approach to many years of playing and coaching high-level, competitive sports. In his spare time, Andrew enjoys playing sports, spending time with family and friends, and playing and listening to a wide variety of music.
CLOSE
Sebastian Madrid
Sebastian Madrid is a professional in Continuous Improvement, Performance Management and Management Consulting specializing in optimizing business processes through the implementation of data analysis tools and information systems. Sebastian has successfully fulfilled a wide range of business and technical functions and delivered complex projects in the energy, utilities and regulatory industries. Sebastian holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the National University of Colombia as well as a Masters in Business Administration from HEC Montreal. Majoring in Management of Energy Business sparked his interest in the Canadian energy industry, which led him to Calgary in 2009. He is a professional engineer, member of APEGA. Sebastian also sits on the Board of Directors for YPE Calgary, a non-for-profit organization dedicated to promoting successful networking and development opportunities for over 2000 young professionals linked to the energy industry in Calgary.
CLOSE
Leslie Hill
Leslie Hill was appointed Executive Director of HIV Community Link in August 2015. Ms. Hill came to HIV Community Link after contributions at several Calgary-based nonprofit organizations. She was Manager, Programs at the Calgary Homeless Foundation, where she acted as a funder for 60 programs across 28 organizations in the homelessness sector, and before that, she held positions of increasing complexity at Discovery House Family Violence Prevention Society, Distress Centre Calgary, the Canadian Mental Health Association and Aventa Addiction Treatment for Women. Ms. Hill was also the President of the Bowness Community Association for two years, where she played an active role leading the community association’s response to the devastating flood of that year. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology with Distinction from the University of Calgary and is an alumnus of the Leadership Calgary program (2012).
CLOSE
Christine Gillies
Christine Gillies, MBA, is the Vice President of Marketing and Communications at Mitacs, a national non-profit offering research and development funding for companies to collaborate with universities. In her current role, she also oversees Alberta operations and public affairs in the province. Having lived in New York City, Holland and Australia, Christine’s career has taken her from European Space Agency through several tech start-ups including Calgary-based SMART Technologies. At SMART, she brought new products to market in the education and corporate sectors.
She is PROSCI Change Management certified and also recently completed the Non-Profit Board Governance certification through Alberta Government. As a community-oriented professional, Christine is committed to volunteering for a local organization that is advocating to improve quality of life for under-represented or marginalized populations.
CLOSE
Mike Peters
Mike Peters is Vice President, Energy and Sustainability at Global Public Affairs, a national government relations consulting firm. His responsibilities focus on environmental legislation, regulatory affairs and environmental policy in the federal, northern and Alberta jurisdictions. In that capacity he worked extensively with federal and territorial governments on policy, legislative and regulatory developments, focused on providing solution-oriented issue management. In addition to his professional work, Mike also volunteers with Shader Kids, a not-for-profit focusing on
fostering youth leadership through outdoor experiences by helping kids attend summer camp. Mike was HIVCL’s Board Chair for three years, and he looks forward to continuing to contribute his experiences in dealing with government and navigating complex policy issues to helping the organization succeed. Mike holds a BA in Political Science from Dalhousie University and a Masters in International and European Politics from the University of Edinburgh in Scotland.
CLOSE