https://hivcl.org/terms-conditions/
Introduction
HIV Community Link Website (the “Site”) is a copyrighted work belonging to HIV Community Link (“HCL”)  grants you the right to use the Site subject to the terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Use”) set forth below. Please read these terms of use carefully. By accessing the site, other than to read these terms of use for the first time, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not access or use this site.
License to use website
Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, HCL grants you a limited, royalty-free license to view the materials contained on the Site (the “Materials”) and make such copies only as may be incidentally created during your exercise of the foregoing through the normal operation of a commercially available web browser and a gateway cache and proxy obtaining the Materials from the HCL server. You are not granted any right to use HCL’s trademarks, logos, trade dress (including without limitation the layout of the Site) or other marks, and all such items shall remain the exclusive property of HCL.
Unless otherwise stated, Marie Maccagno and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
Show any material from the website in public;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
Redistribute material from this website
Modification
HCL reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that HCL will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site.
Treatment of Personal Information Received Through the Site
We use the term “Personal Information” to refer to information that, by itself, would permit someone to identify or contact you, such as your full name, address, telephone number, or email address. Submission of all Personal Information through the Site is voluntary. By deliberately and expressly sending personal information to HCL through the Site, you authorize HCL to collect the personal information that you submit and to use it consistent with the terms of Marie Maccagno’s Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy.”)
HCL does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website. Except as provided in the Privacy Policy, information or material sent to HCL through its website will be deemed NOT to be confidential. Review the Privacy Policy to learn more about HCL’s privacy practices on the Web.
External Links
HCL makes no representations whatsoever about any other website which you may access through this one. When you access a non-HCL website, even one that may contain the HCL-logo, understand that it is independent from HCL, and that HCL has no control over the content of that website. In addition, a link to a non-HCL website does not mean that HCL endorses or accepts any responsibility for the accuracy of the link, the content, or the use, of such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Accuracy of Content
HCL does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on the site. HCL may make changes to the information contained herein at any time, without prior notice to you. Information at this site that is periodically updated may not be current at the moment you visit this site and may contain errors. Contact HCL directly at the email address below for updated information before relying on any information provided at this site. In no event shall HCL or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this site be liable to you in any manner whatsoever for any decision made or act or omission by you in reliance upon information provided at this site.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The information on the site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title or noninfringement or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. HCL assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this site or other documents that are referenced by or linked to this site. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, in which case any implied warranties shall be limited to the minimum scope and period permitted by law.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall HCL be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, whether or not HCL has been advised of the possibility of damages, on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the site or any information provided in connection with the site. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for consequential or incidental damages so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Copyright
The Site and the Materials are copyrighted works of HCL. Neither the Site nor the Materials may be reproduced, displayed, modified, or adapted, distributed or transmitted in any form by any means (including, but not limited to, electronic duplication or transmission) without the prior written permission of HCL except as set forth in these terms and conditions.
Trademarks
HCL, the HCL logo, and all additional trademarks and service marks listed on our Site are trademarks and service marks of Marie Maccagno. All rights are reserved. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Amendments to the Terms of Use
HCL may at any time revise these terms by updating this posting. By using this website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current terms to which you are bound. Certain provisions of these Terms of Use may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Site, including, but not limited to, the Privacy Policy.
If there are any questions regarding our Terms of Use, you may contact us using the information below.
HIV Community Link
110 – 1603 10 Ave SW, Calgary AB, T3C 0J7
(403) 508-2500 or 1 (877) 440-2437 (toll free)
Type and Press “enter” to Search
Lead, Knowledge Translation and Peer Program
Janak is a public health researcher with a background in tropical medicine and global health. Janak is passionate about bringing change in the lives of people living with HIV by implementing programs related to harm reduction, health promotion and disease prevention. Janak is currently working on his Ph.D. in Community Health Sciences at Cumming School of Medicine, at the University of Calgary.
CLOSE
Karyn Jackson
Karyn holds a master’s degree in Social Work from the University of Calgary. She is passionate about the intersectionality of ageing and working to create communities that help reduce inequalities and support a just ageing process. Identifying as a radical social worker, Karyn’s approach is rooted in harm reduction and rights-based philosophies from which she adapts tools to help facilitate positive social change. Karyn loves the community that HIV Community Link has helped to foster and is honoured to share the journey with those who engage with the agency.
CLOSE
Bob Noftall
Bob is an independent Executive Coach who partners with leaders to strengthen their leadership impact within their teams, across the organization, and with external stakeholders. With over 20 years of experience as a Chief HR Officer he has significant understanding and experience of the complexities
leaders face as they lead organizations through growth and change.
Career experiences include Chief Human Resources Officer Celestica, Chief HR Officer for DH Corporation and EVP HR Americas and Asia Pacific Regions with Cadbury Schweppes PLC working out of Melbourne, Singapore, and the USA. Bob holds a Bachelor of Commerce Degree from the University of Calgary, Master’s Degree in Human Resources & Industrial Relations from the University of Toronto, and a Graduate Certificate in Executive Coaching from Royal Roads University.
A core value of Bob’s is supporting people who engage directly with vulnerable people in the community. He has more than 25 years of experience on volunteer boards, leading committees on Governance, Strategy, Human Resources and Fundraising. Experiences include Chair of the Griffin Centre, a Toronto based mental health agency for youth, adults, and their families and former board member of the National Ballet of Canada.
In addition to volunteering, Bob dedicates a quarter of his coaching practice to provide free coaching to leaders in not for profit organizations. Recently returned to his hometown of Calgary, he is delighted to be able to support HIV Community Link’s efforts in HIV Prevention, Support and Advocacy.
CLOSE
Jordana Goldstein, HIV Case Manager
Working at HIV Community Link fits perfectly with my skill set as a psychotherapist and gives me a fabulous opportunity to further my knowledge, education and experience. With a Masters of Counseling I am given the opportunity to enhance my two areas of specialization; bereavement and as a sex psychotherapist. The diversity, resilience and openness of the community members is a cherished aspect of my position. I appreciate the transparency, non-judgemental, open and welcoming work environment for both clients and staff. I am honored and often find myself humbled when clients share their stories and truly thankful to be a part of their journey.
CLOSE
Harm Reduction Outreach Worker
Kevin has a Bachelor of Health Science degree, majoring in Addictions Counselling from the University of Lethbridge. His passion for working in Harm Reduction developed while working in Vancouver’s Downtown Eastside at InSite, North America’s first supervised injection site. Kevin feels very fortunate in having the opportunity to work for HIV Community Link, as he has seen what good they have done in the advancement of Harm Reduction in his hometown of Medicine Hat.
CLOSE
Gordon Laskey-Roest
Gord is very excited to be joining the HIV Community Link Team in Medicine Hat. Gord is a country boy at heart, growing up on the Southern Prairies of Saskatchewan. Gord moved to Medicine Hat last year with his husband Chad for school, and  is a transfer student from the U of L Addictions Counselling program, now enrolled at Medicine Hat College in the combined Addictions Counselling & Social Work Diploma. Gord identifies as a (Two Spirited) Metis male. Gord’s passion is to work within both the Aboriginal and LGBTQ+ communities.
CLOSE
Sipiwe Mapfumo
Sipiwe’s experience in working with various immigrant serving agencies has equipped her with a solid understanding and management of diversity populations. An African woman herself, Sipiwe’s work with Drumbeat is more than just a job as sometimes she feels like an aunt to the African youth in Calgary. It has taken her six years to get to this level of trust and she loves it!
CLOSE
Ana Glavan
Ana started her career in journalism in 2001 in Europe, where she enjoyed covering social and diversity issues. She has been working in nonprofits since 2010 and loves HIV Community Link for the passion that glues the team together and the dedication to its clients’ well-being.
CLOSE
Katelyn Dickin
Katelyn (she/her) is a case manager with both the Shift and HIV Support Services programs. Katelyn is passionate about creating social change that positively impacts populations health. She comes from a background in public health, she has experiences working in sexual health, harm reduction, and population health promotion. What she enjoys most about HIV Community Link is the sense of community that brings people together from all walks of life. When she’s not working, Katelyn is often found traveling as she is always ready to tackle a new adventure.
CLOSE
Jordan Kroschinsky
Jordan joined the HIV Community Link Team as the Volunteer Coordinator. While she just returned from a 6 month posting through Global Affairs Canada  in Laos linking youth to volunteer experiences, Jordan couldn’t be happier staying connected to volunteerism here in Calgary. She believes they’re often the backbone to many social efforts, and bring power to a collective that moves far beyond the task at hand. She continues to see volunteerism as a translation of passion into action, and is very excited to help support HIVCL’s incredible volunteer team.
CLOSE
Coral Bush
Coral Bush has worked at HIV Community link for over 16 years as the Information and Support Worker. She also volunteered for 2 years before she became employed with the agency. She enjoys her job very much, as she has met so many wonderful people over the last 18 years, staff and clients alike. She has watched the agency grow and change over the years always on top of any change and needs our clients require. Coral also coordinates the nutrition program. She believes that compassion, kindness and knowledge are key for a good support team in helping clients  navigate the system and meeting them where they are at.
CLOSE
Mark Randall
Mark a has been living with HIV since 1988. He has traveled a long road from the time of no treatment options to the reality today that treatment works and undetectable equals untransmittable.  He has volunteered or worked for HIV Community Link, formerly AIDS Calgary, since 1997 as a public speaker, educator, advocate, staff person and as person living with HIV. He has done this in order to educate, inform with facts and work to remove the stigma and discrimination that remain entrenched at many levels of policy, law, community and service access points for people at risk for and living with HIV.
CLOSE
Kemi Awolusi
Kemi believes respectful engagement with local communities is critical to the success of any project and long term operations. Kemi has most recently worked in Fort McMurray with the Canadian Red Cross as a Community Outreach Worker. She has also worked in Tanzania and Nigeria as a Health Promotion Coordinator. Kemi has a Master of Public Health from the University of Saskatchewan.
CLOSE
Mike Miller
Mike Miller leads the Health Technology practice for EY Canada as well as the Advisory Analytics practice for Alberta bringing over 15 years of experience in data management, data integration, health informatics and data analytics. He’s worked with large public and private health organizations across North America on projects ranging from Clinical Information Systems, Population Care, Quality Improvement, Patient Safety, Benchmarking and Strategic Planning. He is passionate about helping organizations solve complex business problems through the use of enabling technologies. Mike’s success has been built off his diverse experience in a number of different industries including Healthcare, Oil and Gas, Manufacturing and High Tech. Mike holds a MSc in Health Informatics from the University of Victoria and an BA (Economics) from the University of Calgary.
CLOSE
Jack Janvier
Dr. Jack Janvier is an infectious disease specialist who is based out the Peter Lougheed Center. He also does HIV care at the Southern Alberta Clinic. He has a Bachelor of Science degree (1997) and a Doctor of Medicine degree (2001) from the University of Saskatchewan. He did his internal medicine training at the University of Saskatchewan and then received his infectious diseases training at the University of Calgary. He has been working full time in Calgary since 2009. He has been involved on the advisory board of HIV Community Link’s Strong Voices Aboriginal Program for about 3 years. He has also been involved in an advisory role for collaborative teams looking at tackling the HIV epidemic in Aboriginal populations in Saskatchewan.
CLOSE
Jonathan M. Ablett
Jonathan M. Ablett is a business and real estate lawyer presently working with Quarry Park Law in Calgary. Born and raised in Calgary, Jon is pleased to join the HIVCL Board of Directors for the 2017-2018 fiscal year. Jon obtained his degree with a dual area of concentration in both Management and Organizational Studies and Economics (2006) from the University of Western Ontario, and further completed his law degree (2009) at the University of Alberta in Edmonton. He was called to the Alberta Bar in 2010. Jon enjoys outdoor activities of all kinds, and presently also volunteers with the Kerby Centre in Calgary.
CLOSE
Andrew Matthews
Andrew Matthews’ educational background is rooted in finance and accounting and their impact on strategy and performance on a local, national and international level. Andrew holds a Bachelor of Commerce in International Business (University of Victoria), his Masters of Business Administration (Queen’s) and is also a Certified Management Accountant (CMA (Alberta). Andrew’s varied career has led him to roles in real estate, financial services, project accounting, financial analysis, management and controllership. Presently, Mr. Matthews is the Director of Finance for a Calgary based manufacturer of custom sand control filtration screens, which have applications in the oil & gas, water well, industrial and environmental industries. Andrew brings with him experience in the areas of finance, accounting, strategy and requirements development and implementation, as well as performance measurement and management. Andrew has broadened his experience by volunteering on, and consulting to, small business owners, boards of directors and steering committees in both for- and not-for-profit organizations and enjoys the variety of tasks and challenges these endeavours bring. His belief is that any inherent challenges ought to be treated as opportunities to learn and grow. Mr. Matthews attributes much of his tenacity, leadership and team-based approach to many years of playing and coaching high-level, competitive sports. In his spare time, Andrew enjoys playing sports, spending time with family and friends, and playing and listening to a wide variety of music.
CLOSE
Sebastian Madrid
Sebastian Madrid is a professional in Continuous Improvement, Performance Management and Management Consulting specializing in optimizing business processes through the implementation of data analysis tools and information systems. Sebastian has successfully fulfilled a wide range of business and technical functions and delivered complex projects in the energy, utilities and regulatory industries. Sebastian holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the National University of Colombia as well as a Masters in Business Administration from HEC Montreal. Majoring in Management of Energy Business sparked his interest in the Canadian energy industry, which led him to Calgary in 2009. He is a professional engineer, member of APEGA. Sebastian also sits on the Board of Directors for YPE Calgary, a non-for-profit organization dedicated to promoting successful networking and development opportunities for over 2000 young professionals linked to the energy industry in Calgary.
CLOSE
Leslie Hill
Leslie Hill was appointed Executive Director of HIV Community Link in August 2015. Ms. Hill came to HIV Community Link after contributions at several Calgary-based nonprofit organizations. She was Manager, Programs at the Calgary Homeless Foundation, where she acted as a funder for 60 programs across 28 organizations in the homelessness sector, and before that, she held positions of increasing complexity at Discovery House Family Violence Prevention Society, Distress Centre Calgary, the Canadian Mental Health Association and Aventa Addiction Treatment for Women. Ms. Hill was also the President of the Bowness Community Association for two years, where she played an active role leading the community association’s response to the devastating flood of that year. She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology with Distinction from the University of Calgary and is an alumnus of the Leadership Calgary program (2012).
CLOSE
Christine Gillies
Christine Gillies, MBA, is the Vice President of Marketing and Communications at Mitacs, a national non-profit offering research and development funding for companies to collaborate with universities. In her current role, she also oversees Alberta operations and public affairs in the province. Having lived in New York City, Holland and Australia, Christine’s career has taken her from European Space Agency through several tech start-ups including Calgary-based SMART Technologies. At SMART, she brought new products to market in the education and corporate sectors.
She is PROSCI Change Management certified and also recently completed the Non-Profit Board Governance certification through Alberta Government. As a community-oriented professional, Christine is committed to volunteering for a local organization that is advocating to improve quality of life for under-represented or marginalized populations.
CLOSE
Mike Peters
Mike Peters is Vice President, Energy and Sustainability at Global Public Affairs, a national government relations consulting firm. His responsibilities focus on environmental legislation, regulatory affairs and environmental policy in the federal, northern and Alberta jurisdictions. In that capacity he worked extensively with federal and territorial governments on policy, legislative and regulatory developments, focused on providing solution-oriented issue management. In addition to his professional work, Mike also volunteers with Shader Kids, a not-for-profit focusing on
fostering youth leadership through outdoor experiences by helping kids attend summer camp. Mike was HIVCL’s Board Chair for three years, and he looks forward to continuing to contribute his experiences in dealing with government and navigating complex policy issues to helping the organization succeed. Mike holds a BA in Political Science from Dalhousie University and a Masters in International and European Politics from the University of Edinburgh in Scotland.
CLOSE