https://homeopathyplus.com/privacy-policy/
You are here:
Home
› 				News
› Our Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
We respect your right to privacy and treat it as an important matter.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve all who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online.
PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully for a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, book an appointment, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, book an appointment, or enter information on our site, in the following ways:
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information whenever you place an order, or enter, submit, or access your personal information .All transactions are processed through a secure gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer you better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (such as Internet Explorer) settings.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some website features will be disabled. This may make your website experience less efficient and some of our services may not function properly.However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice.This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
California is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.
The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Our Privacy Policy link which includes the word ‘Privacy’can be easily be found in the footer of the front page of our website.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page (see the link in the footer of our front page)
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.
The United States Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email as soon as possible from when the becomes known – usually within 1 business day.
We will notify the users via in site notification.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:•NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Homeopathy Plus!
7b/1 Pioneer AvenueTuggerah NSW 2259
Australia
T: +61 2 4304 0822
office@homeopathyplus.com.au
https://homeopathyplus.com
(Last Edited on 2020-07-13)
Disclaimer
All material presented on the Homeopathy Plus website, or within its communications and newsletters, has been sourced from multiple authors and does not necessarily constitute the opinion of Homeopathy Plus. It is provided for general information and educational purposes only. Serious injury or illness should not be treated without expert advice, nor should the information we provide be seen as a replacement for a consultation with a trusted healthcare provider. It is your responsibility to seek medical help and diagnosis when appropriate. All remedy-related information provided by Homeopathy Plus is drawn from national or international homeopathic pharmacopoeias and materia medicas referenced by national or international regulating authorities worldwide.
Tags: children, first, significant, website
If you liked the information on this page you may also enjoy our regular newsletter, full of information, news, discounts, and offers. Subscribe here.
No Comments
Comments are moderated and may take up to 24 hours to appear.
No comments yet.
RSS
Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.
Disclaimer (c) 1997-2019 Homeopathy Plus – Ph: +61 02 4304 0822 / email: office(at)homeopathyplus.com – 7B/1 Pioneer Avenue Tuggerah NSW 2259
View our privacy policy and disclaimer here
© 2020 Homeopathy Plus