https://homeopathycourses.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Privacy Policy
You are reading Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd.’s policy on the protection of personal information (our “Privacy Policy”). This policy is based on a law in Canada, where Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd.’s corporate offices are located.This law is called the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.By using this site, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information by Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. in accordance with the terms of this policy.This Privacy Policy will inform you about the way the personal information you give us will be used, processed and communicated.Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. may modify this policy to adapt to any new technology, or simply to adjust to changes made to our website. All updates of our policy will be posted on this page.Check back to this Privacy Policy, from time to time for changes. By continuing to use this site after we post any changes you are consenting to our use of your information as provided in the modified policy.The information is gathered so that we can:Provide you with information about Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. and our products, programs and promotions.Sign you up for various courses and seminars.So that you may purchase products.Design, maintain, manage, improve, market and provide products and services on our site.Personal Information“Personal Information” is personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, birth date and gender.We may require simply your name and email address for a basic subscription whereby we email you information concerning coming events and new seminars, courses and services. You may also give us basic information when you sign up for a forum.It also applies to more in-depth information given to us in an application for a course, which includes general and specific personal information about you and your level of experience and previous education. This information provides us with the ability to help you decide about the individual suitability of courses that we offer.Personal information is only collected by us when you choose to provide it to us through various forms we may have on this web site.Non-Personal InformationOur Web server automatically collects Non-Personal Information. When you visit certain pages on our site, our servers send you cookies. Our servers also record your IP address (IP stands for Internet Protocol, a number that locates you on the internet) and the web pages you have visited.This electronic non-personal information is transmitted to us automatically.You can turn cookies off, if you wish and still visit our web site. For instructions on how to do this, see the help menu in your browser.Your non personal information, such as your IP address can be used for various general purposes, including:    to estimate the number of individuals in various countries or regions of the world that visit our web site    to estimate the time and nature of traffic to our web site and specific pages on our web sitePrivacy of Personal and Non-Personal InformationYour personal information, (that you choose to send to us), is protected and saved on a computer in the office of Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd., Bowen Island, British Columbia, Canada.Non-personal information is saved on a server that is provided by Ipowerweb.com in California, United States of America. This area of the shared server is protected by a user name and password that is only used by Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. employees.Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. saves personal information only during the period when it is necessary or useful. Your personal information will not be shared with ANYONE without your consent, save the following exceptions: All organizations or entities controlled by Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd., or that control us. A corporate restructuring (partnership, merger or sale of Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. to another organization) could take place in the future. It may also be used to satisfy regulatory or legal requirements.It is important for you to read the terms and conditions of use of this web site and also to protect your password and user name, that may be provided on this web site.All modifications to our personal privacy policy will be indicated on this page. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy policy, feel free to contact us at the following email address and phone number.Administrator 604-947-0757 info@homeopathycourses.com