https://home.allergicchild.com/privacy-policy/
AllergicChild.com Respects Your Privacy!
Any and all information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned except as described in this policy. Any information you give to us will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to except as otherwise set forth below.
We may, however, use your email address to send you information about our site, products and service. Our credit card and payment processors may also collect information from you in order to be able to process your payments.
A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below.  Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that our practices are subject to change.
Any information that is shown on this web site should not be used for commercial or any other purposes. Permission has been obtained from the writers, visitors, or other parties that is shown on this Web site before publication. The information is provided for the sole purpose of helping parents of allergic children and informing others who have interest in learning about child allergies.
All information on this site should not be to be used as a substitute for professional medical advice.
Resale or Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
AllergicChild.com will only disclose any personally identifiable information about individual users, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service, or to comply with applicable laws or valid legal process, or to protect the rights or property AllergicChild.com.
AllergicChild.com may also disclose your contact information and the other information that you provide us in the following circumstances:
AllergicChild.com may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. They may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but will not be able to legally use it for other purposes.
AllergicChild.com might change, sell, reorganize or liquidate via bankruptcy this business. If so, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
AllergicChild.com may release account and other personal information when AllergicChild.com believes release is appropriate to comply with the law, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of AllergicChild.com, our users, or others.
Personal Information
Personal Information is any information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. It includes, without limitation, your full name, your email address, your home or business address, or your telephone number. This information is ordinarily used to individualize your experience on our website, communicate separately with you, facilitate your movements throughout our website, and to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.
Generally, you can visit our website without revealing any Personal Information about yourself. The personal information collected from clients during the registration process is used to manage each client’s account (such as for billing). This information is not shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances as set forth above.
Responses to Email Inquiries
When visitors or clients send email inquiries to AllergicChild.com, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Except as set forth elsewhere in this Policy, AllergicChild.com does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
Links to Other Sites
AllergicChild.com.com is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may link and our privacy policy does not apply to websites to which we may link. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
These other sites are not subject to the AllergicChild.com privacy policy and AllergicChild.com is not responsible for the privacy policies for these other sites, nor for the use of any information that these sites may collect. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out information online (for example, via message boards or chat lines), that information can be collected and used by people you don’t know. While AllergicChild.com and its partners strive to protect their clients’ information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, you disclose such information at your own risk.
Data Security
AllergicChild.com is committed to taking reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information from theft, misuse and alteration. Although AllergicChild.com’s security efforts are consistent with industry practices, complete privacy, confidentiality, and security are not yet possible over the Internet.
You agree that since the Internet is not a fully secure medium for the communication of information, and since privacy and confidentiality cannot be guaranteed, use of AllergicChild.com’s services may cause your information to be accessed by, or disclosed to, other persons.
Therefore, you agree that AllergicChild.com shall not be responsible or liable for any damage that the client, or any other person, may suffer in connection with the communication of private, confidential, or sensitive information using AllergicChild.com’s products or services. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining your information.
Where to Direct Questions About AllergicChild.com’s Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, you may contact:
AllergicChild.com
6660 Delmonico Drive, Suite D249
Colorado Springs, CO 80919 USA
AllergicChild.com’s Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. Children under the age of 18 are not authorized to use the Site and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us.
Revisions to This Policy
To ensure that this Policy is up to date and complies with the Act, we reserve the right to make changes, which will become effective 30 days following our posting such changes to AllergicChild.com.
How to Edit the Information AllergicChild.com Has About You
If you want to correct or change the information on the support group page, or any other information we have about you, please contact Nicole Smith atNicole@AllergicChild.com.
Conditions of Use
Any dispute over privacy is subject to our Terms of Service including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and the application of the law of the State of Colorado, USA. While AllergicChild.com may email you with changes to either this Privacy Statement or the Terms of Service, you should check our web site frequently for any recent changes.
About Us
AllergicChild.com is the creation of Robert and Nicole Smith. We are the parents of a severely food allergic son, Morgan, first diagnosed at the age of 9 months old with life threatening allergies to peanuts, (tree nuts, sesame, fish and shellfish came later); and a daughter, Michaela, diagnosed with celiac disease and a mast cell mediated disorder. We’d like to share our experience with you to help you keep your food allergic child safe, healthy and living as close to a ‘normal’ life as possible.
Get in Touch!
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
In the Media
Living A Full Life with Food Allergies
Categories
College with Food Allergies
Coronavirus COVID-19
Eczema & Rashes
Emotional Aspects of Food Allergies
Eosinophils & Mast Cells
Food Allergies & Asthma
Food Allergies & Boy Scouts
Food Allergies & Evacuation
Food Allergies & Study Abroad
Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis
Food Allergy & EpiPen
Food Allergy & Families
Food Allergy Bloggers Conference
Holidays & Food Allergies
Interviews
Pet Allergies
Recipes for Allergy Safe Eating
Research for a Cure
School & Food Allergies
Travel/Eating Out & Food Allergy