https://home.allergicchild.com/terms-of-service/
Your use and access to this website is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws.  By viewing or using this website you agree to be bound by these terms, conditions and laws.  This web site is available only to, and may only be used by, individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.  Without limiting the foregoing, this web site is not available to children (persons under the age of 18).
The following are the terms and conditions for use (the “Terms”) of the AllergicChild.com web site (the “Site”). Please read the Terms carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use or access the Site.
Acceptance
By using the Site Material (as defined below) you are deemed to accept the validity of and be bound by the Terms as stated herein.
Site Material is defined as any documents, software, products, web links, email, information, or any other materials provided by AllergicChild.com in any way on the Site.
Restrictions and Restricted Activities
To the maximum extent allowable under applicable law, you agree not to publish, re-publish, lend, license, give away, post to an Internet web site or Blog or create derivative works of the contents of this Site or the Site Material, nor will you allow or assist a third party to do so without AllergicChild.com’s express prior written permission. You are prohibited from any use of the Site or its content that would constitute a violation of any applicable law, regulation, rule or ordinance of any nationality, state, or locality or of any international law or treaty, or that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability.  Your information provided to us and your activities on the Site shall not: (a) be false, inaccurate or misleading; (b) be fraudulent; (c) infringe any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (d) violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (e) be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (f) contain any viruses, Trojan horses, or the like, or other computer programming routines that may damage or interfere with the Site; and (g)  create liability for us or cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs or other suppliers.  You may not consummate any transaction on the Sites, or that was initiated using our Sites, that could cause us to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation.
Breach
Without limiting other remedies, we may limit your activity, issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or refuse to provide our services to you if, within our sole and independent judgment: (a) you breach, or we anticipate that you are about to breach, this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference; (b) we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) we believe in our sole opinion that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you, our other users or us.  We can also terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause.  If you violate or otherwise breach this Agreement, AllergicChild.com will not issue any refunds of any amount to you.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise noted in the contents of this website, all names, logos and marks appearing in this website are trademarks owned or used under license by AllergicChild.com or its affiliates. Other trademarks are the property of the respective trademark’s owner. Unauthorized use of any trademark or content on this website is strictly prohibited.
Assignment
This agreement cannot be assigned by you.
Ownership of Intellectual Property
AllergicChild.com DOES NOT transfer to you title to any AllergicChild.com Material. All ownership, copyright and other intellectual property rights to any AllergicChild.com Material belongs solely to AllergicChild.com and its suppliers except as expressly licensed in these Terms.
Without reducing or restricting any other remedies that AllergicChild.com may be entitled to, you agree that to the extent allowable under applicable law any automated system using any AllergicChild.com Material will be the sole property of AllergicChild.com.
Your Privacy
We only use your information as described in our Privacy Policy.  We may change the Privacy Policy in the future.  You should check the Privacy Policy frequently for changes.
Pricing
Prices for products, systems and services are posted on the Site and are subject to change without notice.
Purchases.
If you choose to purchase a product that we offer for sale through the Site, we will collect information from you, including credit card information, needed to process your transaction and will charge your credit card accordingly. AllergicChild.com reserves the right to change its fees or billing methods at any time. You agree that all payment information provided by you to AllergicChild.com is accurate, including but not limited to your credit card number, billing address, and credit card expiration date.
30 Day Money Back Guarantee
Every purchase from AllergicChild.com includes a 30-day No Risk, 100% Satisfaction, Money Back Guarantee. If within 30 days of purchasing any of the AllergicChild.com products you do not feel satisfied with your investment, you may request and receive a refund of your purchase price.
If you choose to request a refund within 30 days of your purchase, you must notify AllergicChild.com within that time period by submitting a Refund Request to Nicole Smith at Nicole@AllergicChild.com and we will refund 100% of your purchase price.
Refund requests made more than 30 days from the date of purchase or with incomplete information do not qualify for a refund. Refunds will only be made to the credit card account originally used for the purchase. Please allow at least 2-3 weeks for processing of refunds of credit card payments.
About Us
AllergicChild.com is the creation of Robert and Nicole Smith. We are the parents of a severely food allergic son, Morgan, first diagnosed at the age of 9 months old with life threatening allergies to peanuts, (tree nuts, sesame, fish and shellfish came later); and a daughter, Michaela, diagnosed with celiac disease and a mast cell mediated disorder. We’d like to share our experience with you to help you keep your food allergic child safe, healthy and living as close to a ‘normal’ life as possible.
Get in Touch!
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
In the Media
Living A Full Life with Food Allergies
Categories
College with Food Allergies
Coronavirus COVID-19
Eczema & Rashes
Emotional Aspects of Food Allergies
Eosinophils & Mast Cells
Food Allergies & Asthma
Food Allergies & Boy Scouts
Food Allergies & Evacuation
Food Allergies & Study Abroad
Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis
Food Allergy & EpiPen
Food Allergy & Families
Food Allergy Bloggers Conference
Holidays & Food Allergies
Interviews
Pet Allergies
Recipes for Allergy Safe Eating
Research for a Cure
School & Food Allergies
Travel/Eating Out & Food Allergy