https://homeorizon.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Homeorizon
Homeopathy Articles
E-Journal
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April. 30, 2020
Homeorizon.com takes privacy issues seriously. We understand that you are entrusting us with your personal information so we are committed to not only protect your data but also put you in control. This Privacy Policy ("policy") will help you understand how Homeorizon.com ("us", "we", "our") uses and protects the data you provide to us when you visit and use www.homeorizon.com ("website", "service").
This privacy policy outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use www.homeorizon.com's services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy:
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how www.homeorizon.com treats personal information that it collects and receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, e-mail address, and that is not otherwise publicly available. You may choose to update and/or supplement the Personal Information that you provided at registration by sending an email to webmaster@homeorizon.com.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Homeorizon.com does not own or control or to people that Homeorizon.com does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
www.homeorizon.com collects personal information when you submit details including a personal email address as well as your name, contact details, including your address while you subscribe or register.
www.homeorizon.com collects personal information at multiple places like when you ask a question, take a quiz, and send feedback or when you enter an advertising campaign.
Comment on article and Forums: When you post a comment on any article or discussion forum, by default your username will be displayed along with your comment. Information that you post within a public forum is public information and may be used by us and third parties, as further described in the our Terms of Use.
www.homeorizon.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, the page you request, and the date and time of your request.
What we use personal information for
All mandatory information collected by www.homeorizon.com from its users during registration is to understand them so we can fulfill our obligations to them like for sending certain e-mail newsletters to registered users from time to time. By registering for the Services, you are consenting to receive certain communications. Specifically, we may use your registration information to send you communications about our services, notifications and the products and services of our third party sponsors through pop-ups, banners and e-mails. We then use this information to set up a customer number and user name or to renew your subscription and generally fulfill our obligations to you.
On some occasions we use the information provided to produce aggregate statistics in relation to pages being accessed. We may also use it to monitor usage patterns on the website in order to improve navigation and design features to help you get information more easily. This information is provided to us as daily logged files. In order to help us develop the website and our services, we may provide such aggregate information to third parties. The statistics however will not include any information that can be used to identify any individual.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Unless you have agreed otherwise, we will not disclose your personal data to any third party other than our contractors who must keep this data secure and confidential. Corporate location information however may be shared.
www.homeorizon.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of www.homeorizon.com's terms of services, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Homeorizon.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Homeorizon.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
www.homeorizon.com discloses only the questions and your views for sections/topics, and so on within this site. www.homeorizon.com will not use any other personal information including your postal and e-mail addresses.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve www.homeorizon.com technologies and services.
www.homeorizon.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad, you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the www.homeorizon.com service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the Newsletter, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. All comments/questions and answers asked on this web portal can be viewed by anyone visiting www.homeorizon.com
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We use both passwords and usernames to authenticate users. Users are responsible for maintaining the security of their login/subscription credentials.
Linking to External Sites
You will encounter links to other sites that are not those which we control (e.g. google searches). Please be aware that once you click to one of these sites, you are subject to that site’s privacy policy and not to ours. You may review the privacy policy for each site you visit.
Advertisements : We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of your interest. Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of cookies. In order to do so, you must opt-out of such data collection with each individual site.
Your Consent and Opt Out Choice
By using this website or continuing to use the Services you consent to the use of any data we collect as set out in this Privacy policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Policy, we ask you not to register with us and that you do not use the Services.
Homeorizon.com provides its users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you wish to unsubscribe to the Homeopathic Horizon E-journal or our newsletter, you can do so within any of the newsletters you receive.
We also assure you that if at any time you wish to be removed from our database, you can mail us at webmaster@homeorizon.com with a request that your registration information be deleted. Upon your request, we will delete your registration information from our active databases and where feasible, from our backup media.
Use of Cookies: Computer cookies or digital cookies are small files often including unique identifiers that web servers send to browsers. They are designed to remember Non-Personal Information about you, including a record of your website visits and activity. It’s a way for a website to remember you, your preferences, and your habits online. If you are a subscriber of Homeorizon.com, we may elect to associate our cookies and the information collected by our cookies with your registration information, thereby making the cookie information Personal Information. Third parties under contract with Homeorizon.com may use cookies to deliver advertising to you about goods and services likely to be of your interest. Advertisers that market to you through the Services may use their own cookies, web beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served to you.
We do not control these third parties' use of cookies or web beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through them. However, our Advertising Policy prohibits advertisers and their Ad Servers from collecting Personal Information from our users based on their use of the Services. Our Advertising Policy also prohibits advertisers from linking any Non-Personal Information that they collect from our users' use of the Services to Personal Information about our users that they or others collect in other ways or from other sources.
Cookies aren’t always bad. You also have full control on them as they are stored on your computer. . You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. You don’t need to block all cookies because there are some instances where cookies are helpful. Most browser software can be set to reject all cookies, however, if you choose to reject cookies then you will not be able to access the Sites or your use of the Sites may be limited. Choose a setting that controls the amounts and types of cookies so that your online experience is safe but functional.
Privacy Policy Changes
This privacy policy has been developed in accordance with our legal obligations and may be updated from time to time. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting of the modified Policy unless we advise otherwise. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to note any changes relating to how we collect and use your information. By continuing to use the Services after changes are made to this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to such changes.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions, complaints or suggestions regarding www.homeorizon.com, please send us an e-mail at:
mail@homeorizon.com
Contact Address:
91 Chitravansham,
Goraksh Nagar, Singhariya,
Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh-273008, INDIA
Effective Date: 30 April., 2020
X
logoAp