https://homeopathycourses.com/terms-conditions/
Menu
Terms & Conditions
Please read this site’s Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. This is a document that describes your rights and responsibilities as a user of Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. Web site, including the use of the forums, downloads and other information on this web site.By using this site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions.Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. may change the site’s Terms and Conditions. Any changes will be included on this page, and your use of the site after the changes have been made constitutes acceptance of the Terms and Conditions as modified.You agree to abide by all the terms of use as well as all regulations in the country from which you are visiting the site.We reserve the right to cancel your forum registration and to forbid you from using the site and its services.You agree to not prevent or attempt to prevent any other individuals from using this site and its services.Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. site does not endorse or represent the reliability, accuracy, or quality of any of the content. In no way does this site offer consultation about individual health problems. You agree to consult a licensed medical professional for the treatment of any condition you have or may develop.For information about the legality of practicing homeopathy or self-treatment in your country, state or province, you should contact your local authority.You acknowledge and agree that all Content, including any downloads or material in the discussion forums is protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property and proprietary rights in Canada, and internationally and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms.Unless otherwise stated, you may download or make copies of limited parts of our site only for your personal, non-commercial use. Publishing, broadcast or dissemination of this material in part or whole, for any use, is prohibited without prior permission.Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. assumes no responsibility or liability to you or any other party for errors or omissions by Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. or any other party, including any local Luminos school. Furthermore, in no event shall Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. or any of its directors, officers, employees, consultants, instructors or agents be liable for, and you will indemnify and save harmless Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. and its directors, officers, employees, consultants, instructors and agents from, any costs, expenses, losses or damages (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise) incurred by you or by any other party you may deal with, no matter how the same shall be caused and whether or not resulting from any information provided or not provided in or by this web site, courses and information on this web site; the use or misuse of any such information by you, or from matters discussed on this web site or omitted from this web, or resulting from any negligence of Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. or its directors, officers, employees, consultants, instructors, or agents or any other party, including any local Luminos school or their directors, officers, employees, consultants, instructors, or agents.You also agree that if, despite these Terms of Agreement, Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. or any of its directors, officers, employees, consultants, instructors or agents are held liable to you, such liability is limited to the amount of payment for any course that you may sign up for.Luminos Forums are dedicated to Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. courses and the advancement of the homeopathic profession. You alone are responsible for the messages you send to forum participants.You agree not to submit any content that violates any copyright, or privacy rights.By using the forum or any contributory page, you automatically give the right to participants as well as to Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. to distribute or reproduce, in whole or in part, your contributions to the forum.Luminos Homeopathic Courses does not supervise content on the forums, but it reserves the right to do so.Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. site has links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of these other sites. A link from our site, wherever on the site it may appear, to another site, does not mean that we approve of or recommend the content of that other site.Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision.There are no express warranties given to you by or on behalf of Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd. and to the fullest extent permitted by law, all statutory warranties are excluded.This agreement will be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada. However, reference to currency can be in United States dollars.All requests for information about our Terms and Conditions may be sent to the Administrator, Luminos Homeopathic Courses Ltd., info@homeopathycourses.com.