https://hopefortomorrow.org.uk/cookie-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
At Hope for Tomorrow, we’re committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what information we hold, whether you are a donor, volunteer, shopper or campaigner. The purpose of this Privacy & Cookie Policy (‘Policy’) is to give you a clear explanation about how Hope for Tomorrow uses the personal information (or personal data) you provide to us and that we collect, whether online, via phone, email, in letters or in any other correspondence. By developing a better understanding of our supporters through their personal information it allows us to fundraise more efficiently. We have made improvements to this Policy so that transparency is at the core of what we do.
This Policy explains:
What information Hope for Tomorrow may collect about you;How we will use that information;Whether we disclose your details to anyone else;Your choices regarding the information you provide to us; andHow we use cookies to provide services to you or to improve your use of our websites.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@hopefortomorrow.org.uk or by writing to Kingscote Priory Park, London Road, Tetbury, Gloucestershire, GL8 8HZ Alternatively, you can telephone 01666 50 50 55.
Who are we?
Hope for Tomorrow is charity dedicated to bringing cancer care closer to patients’ and changing the way cancer care is delivered via our Mobile Cancer Care Units (MCCUs). Hope for Tomorrow is a registered charity (no. 1094677) and company limited by guarantee (no. 4538433). The registered address is Kingscote Priory Park Estate, London Road, Tetbury, Gloucestershire, GL8 8HZ
How do we collect information about you?
We want to make sure you receive the communications that are most relevant to you, and that you receive the best attention when you book on an event, become a volunteer or make a donation be it through visiting our website or receiving emails, post or phone calls
We collect information about you in the following ways:
Information you give us. For example, when you post information on our social media, make a donation to us, register for an event or otherwise provide us with personal information. We will ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number, date of birth, bank account / card details for processing a single donation or setting up a regular donation and contact preferences.Information we get from your use of our website and services. We collect information about our online content that you use and how you use it, like when you visit our website or view and interact with our social media ads and content. We, like all organisations, are able to confirm what browser you are using, IP address and computer operating systems that are being used and this information may be used to improve the services we offer. Please see our Cookie Policy for more detail.Information from known third parties. We may also receive information about you from our third party partners with whom you choose to interact, for example websites such as JustGiving, Facebook, Instagive, Memory giving and Muched Loved, Payroll giving providers such as CAF, Charitable Giving and Charities Trust when making a donation, Ebay when buying items from our Ebay shop and Unity Lottery when you sign up to our charity lottery. This can include information such as your name, date of Birth, postal or email address, phone number, your geographic location, credit/debit card details and whether you are a tax payer so that we can claim Gift Aid.Information available publicly. We may include information found in places such as Companies House, Social Media and information that has been published in articles/newspapers.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Process your donations or other payments, to claim Gift Aid on your donations and verify any financial transactions;Provide the services or goods or communications that you have requested;Update you with important administrative messages about your donation, an event or services or goods you have requested.To comply with the Charities (Protection and Social Investment) Act 2016 and follow the recommendations of the official regulator of charities, the Charity Commission, which require us to identify and verify the identity of supporters who make major gifts so we can assess any risks associated with accepting their donations.To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;Keep a record of your relationship with usWhere you volunteer with us, to administer the volunteering arrangementSeek your views or comments on the services we provide;Notify you of changes to our services;Process a grant or job application.
We may also use your personal information:
To contact you about our work and how you can support Hope for Tomorrow These may include information about campaigns, appeals and other fundraising (see ‘legal basis’ below for further information).To invite you to participate in surveys or research.
A note about the Sensitive Information we hold
Certain categories of personal information are regarded by the law as more sensitive than others. This is known as ‘special category’ or ‘sensitive personal data’ and covers things like information about your health, race, ethnic origin, political opinions, sex life, sexual orientation or religious beliefs.
We do not usually collect ‘sensitive personal data’ about our supporters unless there is a clear reason for doing so, such as participation in a challenge / fundraising event.We may also collect sensitive personal data if you tell us about your experiences relating to using Hope for Tomorrows Mobile Cancer Care Units (for example, if you agree to act as a case study for us). We will always make it clear when we collect this information from you what sensitive personal data we are collecting and why.
Debit and Credit card information
If you provide your card details to make a donation by phone or post, only Hope for Tomorrow staff who are authorised and trained to process payments should be able to collect or see your card details. We never store your credit or debit card details following the completion of your transaction. All card details and validation codes are securely destroyed once the payment or donation has been processed.
Please do not send an email containing any credit or debit card details, since it will be immediately deleted and no payment will be taken. If this happens, we’ll let you know.
Keeping your information safe
We take looking after your information very seriously. We’ve implemented appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information we have under our control, both on and off-line, from improper access, use, alteration, destruction and loss.
Unfortunately the transmission of information using the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information sent to us this way, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access those using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
How long we hold information for
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example the collection of Gift Aid). We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agent’s subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf. However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Third Party Product Providers we work in association with:
When you are using our secure online donation pages, your donation is processed by Stripe a third party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
When you set up a regular giving donation, your donation is processed by Go Cardless a third party payment processor, who specialises in direct debit transactions.
When processing direct mail and mailing campaigns including newsletters we contract in2print and Doing More, to assist the distribution administration process.
Legal basis for using your information
In some cases, we will only use your personal information where we have your consent or because we need to use it in order to fulfil a contract with you (for example, because you have placed an order on our website). However, another lawful reason that allow us to process your personal information is called ‘legitimate interests’. This means that the reason that we are processing information is because there is a legitimate interest for Hope for Tomorrow to process your information to help us change the way cancer care is delivered
Whenever we process your Personal Information under the ‘legitimate interest’ lawful basis we make sure that we take into account your rights and interests, we also consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. We will not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you, for example where collection and use of your information would be excessively intrusive
Examples of processing based on the legitimate interests ground are:
Sending direct marketing material to supporters by post for fundraising purposesConducting research to better understand who our supporters are and better target our fundraising activity;Measure and understand how our audiences respond to a variety of marketing activity so we can ensure our activity is well targeted, relevant and effective;Taking and using photos and/or films of event participants and attendees;Sending relevant communications to your work email address;Staff recruitment and taking applications for volunteers and contacting volunteers about their role;Promoting Hope for Tomorrow on social media, Google, YouTube and other online platforms
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about the crucial work we do to bring cancer treatment closer to patients’ homes, our services and fundraising events then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email at info@hopefortomorrow.org.uk or telephone on 01666 50 50 55.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at info@hopefortomorrow.org.uk or write to us at Kingscote, Priory Park, London Road, Tetbury, Gloucestershire, GL8 8HZ. Alternatively, you can telephone 01666 50 50 55.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Hope for Tomorrow hold about you; information will be provided free of charge and within 30 days.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information is encrypted and protected with appropriate software. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear in the address bar before the browser details.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the Hope for Tomorrow website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in October 2020