http://hospiceheart.org/privacy-policy/
Care
Hospice Care
Is Hospice right for me?
Patient FAQ
Alexander Cohen Hospice House
Community Care Choices
Pediatric Care Programs
Veteran End of Life Care
Free Consultation
Grief & Bereavement Support
Camp Erin of the Central Valley
Partnering Healthcare Facilities
Costs & Insurance
Service Area Map
Durable Medical Equipment
Providers
Refer A Patient
Professional Partners
Healthcare Professional FAQ
Admission Guidelines
Partnering Healthcare Facilities
In-service Training
Ride-along Program
About
Our History
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Advisory Council
Community Hospice Awards
News
Press Kit
Careers
Affiliations
Annual Report
Staff Access
Standards of Excellence
Monthly Newsletter
Education
Professional Education
Advance Care Planning
Community Connections
Caring Bridge
End of Life Act
Patient’s Rights and Responsibilities
Speakers Bureau
Español
Cuidado de Hospicio
Alexander Cohen Hospice House
Consulta gratuita
Apoyo ante la pérdida y el duelo
¿Son Los cuidados terminales y paliativos de Hospice lo adecuado para mí?
Cuidados terminales y paliativos pediátricos
Cuidados para veteranos al final de la vida
Preguntas frecuentes de los pacientes
Costos y seguro
Asociación con centros de atención médica
Planificación de voluntades anticipadas
Historia
Derechos y Deberes del Paciente
Voluntario
Póngase en contacto con Nosotros
Calendar
Volunteer
Donate
Contact
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how your personal information is collected, used and disclosed by Community Hospice, Inc. when you access or use our website, located at www.hospiceheart.org, or when you interact with us offline or on third party websites where we have an official presence. Last updated December 30, 2015.
Collecting your Personal Information
We collect information about you in various ways. For example, we collect personal information you provide to us when you sign up for our newsletter, make a donation, contact us, attend our events, sign up to become a volunteer, post content on our blog or communicate with us through third party sites (e.g., Facebook and Twitter). Such information includes your name, email address, address, phone number, billing information and any other contact or demographic information you choose to provide.
Cookies
We automatically collect certain information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our website and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our website. Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove and/or reject cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features of our website.
Web Beacons
We may also collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our website or in our emails. We may use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Use of your Personal Information
We use personal information for the purposes described in this Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection. For example, we may use your information to:
operate and improve our website;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
process your donations, deliver services that you request and send you related information,
including confirmations, updates and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about upcoming events, opportunities, progress or success of programs and other news about Community Hospice Inc. or selected partners that we think will be of interest to you; and
link or combine with personal information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
Sharing of your Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows:
when you give your consent to do so, including if you are notified that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are engaged by us and need access to such information to carry out their work;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to (i) comply with laws or respond to lawful requests, legal process or legal authorities; (ii) protect the rights, property or safety of Community Hospice, Inc. and our employees, agents, donors and others, and (iii) respond to an emergency or protect the personal safety of any person;
in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not directly identify you; and
in connection with, or during negotiations of, an acquisition, financing, merger or sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets.
Security of your Personal Information
We take reasonable measures to help protect your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Information Choices
You may opt-out of receiving emails from Community Hospice, Inc. by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about donations or our ongoing relations. You may also request changes to your contact preferences and the personal information you have provided by calling (209)578-6300 or emailing heart@hospiceheart.org.
Changes to this Statement
Community Hospice, Inc. may update this Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Policy.
Contact Information
Community Hospice, Inc. welcomes your questions and comments regarding this Policy. Please contact us at:
Community Hospice, Inc.
4368 Spyres Way
Modesto, California 95356
Telephone: 209-578-6300
Fax: 206-541-3294
heart@hospiceheart.org