http://hypnobirthinglondonclasses.co.uk/privacy-policy/
07778 776999
Karen@breathetoabetterbirth.com
GDPR 2018 PRIVACY NOTICE
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Scope
This document refers to personal data, which is defined as information concerning any living person (a natural person who hereafter will be called the Data Subject) that is not already in the public domain.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is EU wide and far more extensive than its predecessor the Data Protection Act, along with the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR), seek to protect and enhance the rights of EU data subjects. These rights cover the safeguarding of personal data, protection against the unlawful processing of personal data and the unrestricted movement of personal data within the EU and its storage within the EEA.
1 – Breathe to a Better Birth Limited, based in England, which hereafter for the purposes of this Privacy Notice will be referred to as the Company, is pleased to provide the following information:
2 – Who we are
The Company provides ante natal education , birth preparation and instruction in relaxation , mindfulness and meditation techniques. We do not diagnose or give medical advice and a class is in no way intended to be represented as medical advice.
3 – Personal Data
a) For the purposes of providing these services the Company may be privy to your medical information and other issues affecting your health or pregnancy. We will only collect what is relevant and necessary to teach you and what you provide on your booking form. We will NOT make notes nor create a medical record beyond this information you have provided at the outset. This data is always held securely, is not shared with anyone, although for data storage purposes it may be handled by pre-vetted staff who have all signed an integrity and confidentiality agreement. To be able to process your personal data it is a condition of any class or private teaching that you give your explicit consent to allow the Company to document and process your personal and medical data. Contact details provided by you such as telephone numbers, email addresses, postal addresses may be used to remind you of future learning opportunities
b) For marketing purposes, the Company may also use the contact details provided by you to respond to your enquiries, including making telephone contact and emailing information to you which we believe may be of interest to you or your partner.
c) In making initial contact with the us you consent to the Company maintaining a marketing dialogue with you until you either opt out (which you can do at any time) or we decide to desist in promoting our services. The Company may occasionally also act on your behalf in the capacity of data processor, when we may promote other practitioners or services, who may not be employed by us. The Company does not broker your data and you can ask to be removed from our marketing database by emailing or phoning us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Notice.
d) Some basic personal data may be collected about you from the marketing forms and surveys you complete, from records of our correspondence and phone calls and details of your visits to our website, including but not limited to, personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
e) Our website may use cookies, which is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Breathetoabetterbirth.com and hypnobirthinglondonclasses.co.uk use cookies to help identify and track visitors and their website access preferences. Website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before our websites.
f) We will only collect the information needed so that we can provide you with the services you require, the business does not sell or broker your data.
g) The Company uses Mailchimp which is fully GDPR compliant the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ and Terms https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/
4 – Legal basis for processing any personal data
To meet our contractual obligations obtained from explicit Consent and legitimate interest to respond to enquiries concerning the services provided.
5 – Legitimate interests pursued by the Company
To promote health ,ante natal and perinatal education and provide instruction in as well as information about meditation, mindfulness and relaxation techniques and to help service users reconnect with innate natural abilities.
6 – Consent
Through agreeing to this privacy notice you are consenting to the processing your personal data for the purposes outlined. You can withdraw consent at any time by using the postal, email address or telephone number provided at the end of this Privacy Notice.
7 – Disclosure
The Company will keep your personal information safe and secure, only staff engaged in providing services will have access to your records, although our administration team will have access to your contact so that they can manage your account. The Company will not disclose your Personal Information unless compelled to, in order to meet legal obligations, regulations or valid governmental requests. We may also enforce its Terms and Conditions, including investigating potential violations of its Terms and Conditions to detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security or technical issues; or to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of its staff.
8 – Retention Policy
The Company will process personal data during the duration of any service provision and will continue to store only the personal data needed for eight years after the contract has expired to meet any legal obligations. After eight years all personal data will be deleted, unless basic information needs to be retained by us to meet our future obligations to you, such as erasure details. 9 – Data storage
All Data is held in the United Kingdom. Breathe to a Better Birth Ltd does not store personal data outside the EEA.
10 – Your rights as a data subject
At any point whilst we are in possession of, or processing your personal data, all data subjects have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
In the event that the Company refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why, which you have the right to legally challenge. At your request we can confirm what information it holds about you and how it is processed.
11 – You can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation (The company) that has determined how and why to process your data.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Breathe to a Better Birth Ltd and information about these interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erasure, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority (ICO).
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
12 – To access what personal data is held, identification will be required
The Company will accept the following forms of identification (ID) when information on your personal data is requested: a copy of your driving licence, passport, birth certificate and a utility bill not older than three months. A minimum of one piece of photographic ID listed above and a supporting document is required. If Osteopaths is dissatisfied with the quality, further information may be sought before personal data can be released. All requests should be made to Simon Prideaux or by phoning +44 (0) 7501221701 or writing to us at the address further below.
13 Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by us you have the right to complain to us. If you do not get a response within 30 days, you can complain to the ICO.
The details for each of these contacts are:
Simon Prideaux Telephone 07501221701 or email: simon@breathetoabetterbirth.com
ICO
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF Telephone +44 (0) 303 123 1113 or email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks