https://hypnotherapyacademy.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHome
Course Content
Course Catalog
Accelerated Certification Course
Research
Staff
Videos
Store
Return to Content
Who we are
The Hypnotherapy Academy of America
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We use the personal data you provide us only for school operations, delivery of website services, payment processing and student and client contact.  We do not sell or share this information. Credit card information is not saved electronically or manually.
This information includes (but is not limited to):
Name
Email Address
Telephone Number
Street Address (including City, State, Zip, and Country)
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We collect user data about visitors to our site using Google Analytics.
Who we share your data with
Hypnotherapy Academy of America does not rent, sell or exchange information about its students or clients. Access to information about Hypnotherapy Academy of America students and clients is restricted to the Hypnotherapy Academy of America organization.
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. Credit card information is not saved electronically or manually.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
To request a copy of your data or deletion of your data from our systems, contact our Data Privacy Office at office@hypnotherapyacademy.com.
Additional information
Contacting you
Hypnotherapy Academy of America will not contact you without your request. By becoming a client or customer of Hypnotherapy Academy of America, you agree to receive communications from Hypnotherapy Academy of America related to your services, products, and associated billing/payments.
Alumni LoginAdditional InformationCNE's For Nurses
VA Hires Academy Grads. Find Out What This Means For You
About Online Training in Hypnotherapy
National Institutes of Health Use Hypnotherapy Academy Director, Tim Simmerman Sierra’s Methodology
Earn Certification with American Council of Hypnotist Examiners or International Board of Hypnotherapy
Experiential Education Format
Listen to Live Interviews with Lead Instructor, Tim Simmerman Sierra
What Larry Dossey, Christiane Northrup and Bernie Siegel Say About Our Director
How To Enroll
Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Erickson, Elman, Boyne
Survey of Research on Hypnotherapy
Scope of Practice Protocols
Free Introductory Classes, Special Events & Continuing Education
Support after Graduation
Our Location - The Land of Enchantment
School Licensure and Approvals
School History
Annual Symposium
Medical Hypnosis Training - Confidence Building Practicum
For questions or further information, please contact us:
Hypnotherapy Academy of America™
2132 Osuna Rd NE, Suite B
Albuquerque, New Mexico 87113
Call: 505-767-8030
Fax: 505-344-1861
Privacy Policy