https://ianthomas.com.au/2019/09/19/privacy/
Menu
Search
Home
About
Contact
Privacy
Privacy Policy for ianthomas.com.au
The privacy of our visitors to  ianthomas.com.au is important to us.
At  ianthomas.com.au we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit  ianthomas.com.au, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Googles DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (interest based targeting). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses non personally identifiable information. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Share this...FacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedinStumbleUponTumblr
Search for:
Advertisement
Recent Posts
What is a Naturopath
Naturopathy & Naturopaths AustraliaPages
About
Arguing for the Necessity of a Building Inspection Before Purchase
Benefits of Built-In Wardrobes
Cert IV Training and Assessment – What You Need to Know
Choosing the Best Available Lawyer
Clinical Pilates For Healing Your Body
Contact
Different Jobs That Are Available To Electrical Engineers
Eco Friendly and Everflex Vegan Kids Shoes
Find Out What Makes TermiTurf Artificial Grass Brisbane Look Real
Full Guide to YouTube Ecommerce Marketing
Hire a Criminal Defence Lawyer Once You Are Charged with a Crime
Hiring an Asbestos Removal Firm
How Do You Successfully Buy Kitchen Appliances?
How to Choose a Physio Woodville Clinic
How to Choose the Right Silage-Wrap Silage Covers
How to Find a Suitable Dentist for Nervous Patients
How To Take Care Of Your Feet While Wearing Low Heels With Ankle Strap
How Weighted Blankets Help in Depression
Is It Reasonable to See an Orthopedic Surgeon?
Is Your Instrument Choice Soil PH Tester Giving You Accurate Results?
Meeting Rooms Adelaide from Playford Hotel – Getting The Right Conference Rooms For Your Business Needs
Modern Styles of Armchairs Adelaide – Reality_Furniture
Personal-Injury-Lawyers-Adelaide
Privacy
Roof Replacement – Is it Necessary?
Solar Power – The Basics
Some Crucial Reminders When Buying Women’s Jacket
Some Thoughts on Legal Representation for Criminal Defence
The Benefits of Having a Wall Furnace Heater at Home – Click this Link Now
The Benefits of Professional SEO Services
The Benefits of Stockinette Bags from Unipak For Meat Products
The Best Adelaide Screen Doors For Your Budget
The Challenges Associated with Website Design
The Different Types of Replacement Glass For Window Glass Repair – Unley Glass
The Perks of Working with an Experienced Home Builder
The Pros and Cons of Gas Heaters Adelaide
The Prospect of Junk Car Removal and Hiring an Expert to Do It
The Proven Advantages of Hiring a Copywriter
The Value of Gas Heaters in Residential Properties
Things To Know About Commercial Fencing Adelaide
Things to Know About Steel Manufacturing and Procuring From Suppliers
Tips on Mobility Scooter Repair
Top 5 Steps to Improve Your Adelaide Evidence-Based SEO on Your Website
Undeniable Perks of Outdoor Blinds
Upgrading Your Look with Espadrilles
Upper Eyelid Surgery – Not Just A Cosmetic Surgery
What an OutscapeConstructions Landscaper Adelaide Can Do For You
What Are The Essential Facts About A Podiatrist Adelaide?
What Happens During a Building Inspection?
What Is a Milwaukee Brushless Kit?
What Silage Covers Mean To Farming Settings
Where to Find Cheap Skips Adelaide
Why Consider Aluminium Doors?
Why the BPBAuto Mercedes Service Adelaide Centres Can Be Your Best Friend
Why Thomas Farms Kitchen Meal Delivery Melbourne Services Is Important to Busy People Like You
Why You Need an Electrician
Will It Matter If You Hire a Home Builder?
What is Naturopathy and Naturopathic doctors?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nzEKOknbg4 Gardening AustraliaWIN a fly trap prize pack December 2, 2020Enter the competition The post WIN a fly trap prize pack appeared first on Gardening Australia. gardeningauownerTop 10 jobs to do now November 15, 2020Summer is just around the corner, and there’s lots to do to get the garden shipshape. Here are 10 jobs to get you started. The post Top 10 jobs to do now appeared first on Gardening Australia. Liani SolariHone your watering technique November 15, 2020There are times when you think you’ve watered your plants adequately, but the moisture isn’t getting through. Other times, the plants didn’t really need a drink, or you watered at the wrong time. Here are some tips to get it right. The post Hone your watering technique appeared first on Gardening Australia. Liani Solari
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Sep
TagNaturopathy
WeatherWESBURN WEATHER
Archives
September 2006
Search for: