https://ibus.org/privacy/
Privacy and Standards Policies
The IBUS website is dedicated to providing accurate information about high-quality educational programmes relating to multimodality breast imaging and image-guided interventional procedures.
Information about you
Unless provided voluntarily – such as your name, address and contact details via the Contact IBUS form on this website – IBUS does not store personal particulars about individuals, and when details are provided, IBUS does not share this information with third parties without prior permission.
Cookies
Our hosting server, like most such services on the Internet, uses traffic logging ‘cookies’ only for maintaining contact with a user throughout a website session. These are known as ‘session cookies’, which allow the web server to recognise you as an individual visitor as you move from one of our web pages to another. A session cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than data you choose to share with us.
We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. All session cookies will be immediately lost when you end your internet session or shut down your computer.
There are NO ‘persistent’ cookies used on this website (the kind that may be stored permanently on your hard drive by some other organisations).
Content on this website
This website provides information about educational programmes for practicing physicians, physicians in training, medical students, nurses and allied health professionals seeking to improve their knowledge of multimodality breast imaging and image-guided interventional procedures.
This website does not provide medical advice or answer any questions relating to specific medical problems.
The IBUS website does not accept paid advertisements, banners, links or any other form of commercial content, and all information shown on the website is included for educational purposes only and for further reference.
The website is funded by income derived from educational programmes arranged by the IBUS Breast Imaging School. The content of the IBUS website is at the discretion of the Executive Committee, and there is no conflict of interest resulting from the material selected for the website.
Responsibility for Content on this website
IBUS does not endorse and has no responsibility for the content of other sites for which links are provided, and the list of links is included as a matter of convenience for individuals searching for additional information.
The IBUS Executive Committee is responsible for the content of this site, and can be contacted by completing our Contact IBUS form.
Last modified 3 October 2018
Search this site
Search for:
The IBUS Educational GrantGeneral Information (PDF 334K)
IBUS Courses are recommended by the European School of Oncology (ESO)
Group Collaboration
EBCC (Belgium)
SPR (Sao Paulo)
WFUMB (USA)
SIS (Israel)
EMEIS (Greece)
SenaTurk (Turkey)
SISR (Romania)
UPCOMING COURSES
Athens – June 2021
Nicosia – October 2021
Bologna 2021 – dates TBA
London – 2021[details to come]
ARCHIVES PREVIOUS COURSES
PHOTO GALLERY
HISTORICAL MATERIALS
IBUS HIGHLIGHTS
Istanbul 2014 (YouTube)
(Follow these links to download the relevant PowerPoint™ file to your computer):
Athens 2014
The IBUS Story to 2014
IBUS 20th Anniversary 2011
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Search only trustworthy HONcode health websites:
Join IBUS Groupon LinkedIn®