https://iccidd.org/terms-of-service/
1. TermsBy accessing the website at https://iccidd.org/, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws, and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.2. Use LicensePermission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on ICCIDD’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license, you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Iccidd’s website;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by ICCIDD at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.3. DisclaimerThe materials on ICCIDD’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. ICCIDD makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.Further, ICCIDD does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.4. LimitationsIn no event shall ICCIDD or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on ICCIDD’s website, even if ICCIDD or a ICCIDD authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.5. Accuracy of materialsThe materials appearing on ICCIDD’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. ICCIDD does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. ICCIDD may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However, ICCIDD does not make any commitment to update the materials.6. LinksICCIDD has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by ICCIDD of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.7. ModificationsICCIDD may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.8. Governing LawThese terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.If you have any questions regarding our Terms Of Service, feel free to contact us.For further reference, please also read our Privacy Policy and About Us page.Featured Posts Wrecked Pre Workout Review: The Best Pre-Workout Of 2020?May 4, 2020Wrecked Pre Workout Review: The Best Pre-Workout Of 2020? Semenax Reviews: Read Before Buying This #1 Male EnhancementMarch 13, 2020Semenax Reviews: Read Before Buying This #1 Male Enhancement D-Bal Review: Insane Results From This Legal Steroid?March 9, 2020D-Bal Review: Insane Results From This Legal Steroid? Trenorol Review: Worth The Crazy Amount? #1 Legal SteroidMarch 6, 2020Trenorol Review: Worth The Crazy Amount? #1 Legal Steroid Annihilate Review: #1 Insane New Plant Anabolic Supplement?February 27, 2020Annihilate Review: #1 Insane New Plant Anabolic Supplement?Popular Posts The 3 Best Stim Free Pre Workouts Revealed December 19, 2019 Wrecked Pre Workout Review: The Best Pre-Workout Of 2020? May 4, 2020 The 5 Best Male Enhancement Pills To Boost Sexual Performance November 8, 2019 SARMs For Sale: Our 3 Best SARMs Vendors Revealed! November 14, 2019 Crazy Bulk Reviews: #1 Mind-Blowing Results Inside November 20, 2019CategoriesSUPPLEMENTS 21BODYBUILDING 14MALE ENHANCEMENT 5SARMS 2WORKOUT 1Newsletter Get Discounts & Early Access on SALES
Subscribe to our mailing list to get the new updates! Enter your Email address
Back to top button
Close FacebookTwitterYouTubeInstagram
Search for:
Popular Posts BODYBUILDINGThe 5 Best Legal Steroids For Gaining Muscle Revealed! November 1, 2019 Wrecked Pre Workout Review: The Best Pre-Workout Of 2020? May 4, 2020 The 3 Best Stim Free Pre Workouts Revealed December 19, 2019 The 5 Best Male Enhancement Pills To Boost Sexual Performance November 8, 2019 Testofuel Reviews: My 3 Month Experience & Mind-Blowing Results December 18, 2019Most Commented
December 19, 2019The 3 Best Stim Free Pre Workouts Revealed
May 4, 2020Wrecked Pre Workout Review: The Best Pre-Workout Of 2020?
November 8, 2019The 5 Best Male Enhancement Pills To Boost Sexual Performance
November 14, 2019SARMs For Sale: Our 3 Best SARMs Vendors Revealed!
November 20, 2019Crazy Bulk Reviews: #1 Mind-Blowing Results Inside
December 5, 2019Transparent Labs Preseries Bulk Reviews: Read Before Buying! Recent Comments
Samira Wow, great article. Going to try out the Transparent Labs...
Close
Search for
Close Log In
Forget?