https://ifpa-fitness.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - IFPA Fitness
Chat with us,
powered by LiveChat
Call me back
Fill out your details below and we'll call you back
Your name*Email address*
Phone number*Preferred call back time*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Send your message
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Google Plus
We’re social!
Type your search...
Search
Search Toggle
Log In
Cart
0
items
Call me back
Search Toggle
Menu
Close
30%
off Personal Trainer Certifications and Fitness Certifications!
Save Now!
Log In
Call me back
Search
Type your search...
Search
Cart
0
items
Your cart is currently empty.
Subtotal
$0.00
View Basket
Checkout
I Am …
A personal
trainer
Let's Go
Wanting to
become a PT
Get Certified
In the
military
Our Benefits
$100 Off Strength & Sports Conditioning
Save Big
Get Certified
Fitness Certifications
Continuing Education
How To
Renew
Recertify
Specialized
Certifications
Advance
CEU
Courses
Expand
Fitbits
Grow
Shop
About Us
Choose IFPA
Our Mission
Our History
FAQs
Support
Candidate Policies and Procedures
Careers
Contact Us
Culture
Ask Dr Bell
PT Of The Month
Our Affiliates
$100 Strength and Sports Conditioning
Save Big
Home
I Am …
A Personal Trainer
Wanting To Become A PT
In The Military
Close
Get Certified
Fitness Certifications
Continuing Education
Shop
About Us
FAQs
Contact Us
Jobs
Your cart is currently empty.
Subtotal
$0.00
View Basket
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Key details
This website privacy policy describes how International Fitness Professionals Association-IFPA protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use this website.
If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.
This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website privacy policy was updated on: 01/03/2018
If you have any questions about this policy, please email info@ifpa-fitness.com or write to: IFPA 14509 University Point Place Tampa, FL 33613.
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
What data we gather
We may collect the following information:
Name and job tittle
Contact information including email address
Demographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interests
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
How we use this data
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records.
To improve the products and services we provide.
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry.
To customize the website for you.
To send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons.
Cookies and how we use them
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website.
Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.
How we use cookies
We may use cookies to:
Analyze our web traffic using an analytics package. Aggregated usage data helps us improve the website structure, design, content and functions.
Identify whether you are signed in to our website. A cookie allows us to check whether you are signed in to the site.
Test content on our website. For example, 50% of our users might see one piece of content, the other 50% a different price of content.
Store information about your preferences. The website can then present you with information you will find more relevant and interesting.
To recognize when you return to our website. We may show your relevant content, or provide functionality you used previously.
Cookies do not provide us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than that which you choose to share with us.
Controlling cookies
You can use your web brower’s cookie settings to determine how our websites uses cookie. If you do not want our website to store cookies on your computer or device, you should set your web browser to refuse cookies.
However, please note that doing this may affect how our website functions. Some pages and services may become unavailable to you.
Unless you have changed your browser to refuse cookies, our website will issue cookies when you visit it.
Controlling information about you
When you fill in a form or provide your details on our website, you will see one or more tick boxes allowing you to:
Opt-in to receive marketing communications from us by email, telephone, text message or post.
Opt-in to receive marketing communications from our third-party partners by email, telephone, text message or post.
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
Sign in to our website and change your opt-in settings.
Send an email to webmaster@ifpa-fitness.com.
Write to us at: IFPA 14509 University Point Place Tampa, FL 33613.
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.
Any personal information we hold about you is stored and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Security
We will always hold your information securely.
To prevent unauthorized disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Links for our site
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please note that we have no control of websites outside the IFPA domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Always be wary when submitted data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
We’re
Accredited
Accreditation is the process by which a credentialing or an educational program is evaluated against defined standards and is awarded recognition if it is in compliance with those standards.
The IFPA is accredited by NCCA: National Commission for Certifying Agencies and EREPS: European Register of Exercise Professionals. All our fitness certifications including both the Personal Fitness Trainer Certification and our Advanced and Specialized Certifications, are approved by the VA: Veterans Affairs.
Read Our History
Find Your Way
Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Jobs
I am a Personal Trainer
Become a Personal Trainer
Fitness Certifications
Continuing Education
Shop
About Us
Contact
IFPA - International Fitness Professionals Association
P.O.Box 46248
Tampa, FL 33646
Toll-free:
(800) 785-1924
Local:
(813) 979-1925
Fax:
(813) 979-1978
Monday-Friday 9:00am–5:00pm EST
We're Social
For the latest in health and fitness, follow us on our social media channels.
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Google Plus
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020.
Website by
WP Coders