https://iiar-anticancer.org/terms-and-conditions/
IMPORTANT NOTE: You may submit your article only through our online submission systemSubmit your manuscript
Terms and ConditionsHome / Terms and Conditions
USE OF OUR WEBSITE
Any reference to ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, we, us and our is to ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, Inc. ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, Inc. is a company registered in the Unites States of America (identification number is 0450005413) with registered office at 111 Bay Avenue, Highlands, NJ 07732, USA.
Any reference to website(s) or site(s) is to a website owned or controlled by ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, Inc. and its co-owners and licensors.
Any reference to you or your is a reference to you as a user of our website or service.
Please read the following Website Terms and Conditions (Terms) carefully before using the website as they govern the use of our website. By using our site, you are indicating you accept these Terms and that you agree to abide by them regardless of whether or not you choose to register with ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA. If you do not accept these terms, please do not use the website. From time to time we may change these Terms and will post revisions on this website. We recommend you regularly print a copy of these Terms for future reference and periodically review these Terms for changes. It is your responsibility for doing so. If you have purchased a license, subscription or otherwise entered into an agreement with us (for example as a delegate at a conference) you will also be governed by the terms of that agreement, which shall prevail in the event of a conflict. Online purchases have additional terms and conditions relating to the transaction as indicated on the relevant website.
PRIVACY
Use of the data that you provide us, or which is collected by use on our websites, is governed by our Privacy Policy. By using our site(s) you consent to such processing.
ACCESS TO OUR WEBSITE
We try to ensure that website availability is uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, we cannot, guarantee that your access will not be suspended or restricted from time to time, including to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. We of course try to limit the frequency and duration of any suspension or restriction. ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
LANGUAGE OF TERMS
The English language version of these Terms is available here and it shall prevail in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a version in any other language.
ACCOUNTS AND PASSWORDS
If you have registered or subscribed to our website, any user identification code or password must be kept confidential and used only by you. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password whether chosen by you or allocated by us at any time if in our option you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
VIRUSES
We do not guarantee that our sites will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform in order to access our sites. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorized access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our sites will cease immediately.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unless expressly permitted in writing in a license agreement or referenced herein relating to ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA and its Journals “Open Access Articles” (below) and other than printing a small proportion of content or displaying this on your screen or both, (strictly for your personal non-commercial use), no part of the website may be reproduced, stored in any medium, including but not limited to a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, broadcasting) nor, shown in public. You may not create any derivative work or make any other adaptation, without our prior written consent. You must not modify the copies you have displayed or printed in any way and you may not use any illustrations, photographs, videos or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Any permitted use of our material is subject to ensuring that our copyright notices and trademarks appear as they do on all copies online and customary bibliographical citations including author attribution, date article title (where applicable) and the URL to the relevant website are included. If you print off or download any material from our website in breach of these terms of use, any rights to use our site will cease immediately and you must at our option return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. All rights not expressly granted in these terms or any express written license, are reserved. The trademarks and logos which are displayed on the websites are the trademarks of the ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA and its licensors. Any use including framing, metatags or other text utilizing ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA trademarks or other trademarks displayed, is strictly prohibited without our (or our licensor’s) express written consent. Any material you upload to our sites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary (unless otherwise stated on the site or within our privacy policy) and for such content you grant us a transferable, royalty free, worldwide, irrevocable license to use, copy, distribute, edit, amend, disclose, sub license to third parties and create derivative works in whole or party of any such material for any purpose, in any media. We may remove, edit or amend any such material at any time without notice to you. To the extent moral rights attach to any material to the fullest extent permitted by law these are waived in our favor. All material posted must adhere to the requirements of “Your conduct” below. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to any of our site constitutes a violation of their rights, including without limitation, their intellectual property rights, reputational rights or of their right to privacy. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved.
PERMISSION FOR USE OF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Any request for permission of our content or images, or other use of our intellectual property not authorized under a subscription, should be made directly to ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA via e-mail to journals@iiar-anticancer.org. ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA Journals reprint requests should be made via e-mail to journals@iiar-anticancer.org
“OPEN ACCESS ARTICLES”
Some ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA Journals articles have expressly marked on them that they are “Open Access”. Where this is the case, certain extended rights of use are allowed without obtaining further permission from us. The rights of use for such articles will be governed by a Creative Commons, Attribution license – each article will specify which Creative Common license applies to the relevant article. Where use is to be made of any ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA Journal marked “Open Access”, you must attribute use as follows: author name(s), date, article title, journal name, the URL for the original article on the relevant ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA Journals website and include any copyright notice from the original article. You must also check that where any third-party rights within all images, diagrams, photographs or other illustrative material are indicated within such an article as not being owned by the authors or ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA (and its co-owners for any co-owned journal) that these are cleared independently and appropriately with the owner indicated. For translations (other than where a prior translation agreement with ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA has been established) you must include a prominently statement which states as follows:
“This is an unofficial translation of an article that appeared in an ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA [and insert co-owner if applicable] publication. ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA [and insert co-owner if applicable] has/have not endorsed this translation”.
LINKS
Our websites contain links including hyperlinks which may take you outside ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA websites. Links are provided for your convenience, and an inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement or approval by us of the linked website, its operator or content. We have no control over the contents or functionality of those sites and accept no responsibility for any loss or damages that may arise from your use of them. We are not responsible for any website outside ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA website, and such websites use will be subject to relevant terms and conditions and privacy policies.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Disclaimers Description or reference to a product or publication does not imply endorsement of that product or publication, unless it is owned by ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA and in which case it is subject to the disclaimers limitations of liability herein and within any license or other agreement with you the latter of which shall prevail in the event of a conflict. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the material and information displayed on our websites is provided “as is” without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to accuracy. We try and ensure our website is available for use 24 hours per day, 7 days per week other than for a small period for scheduled down time, however we do not warrant that at other time our website will be available. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we will be not be liable to you for damages or refunds should our sites become unavailable or access to a site becomes slow or incomplete due to system back-up procedures, internet traffic volume, upgrades, overload of requests to the servers, general network failures or delays, or any other cause which may from time to time make the any of our websites inaccessible to you.  Limitation of Liability To the fullest extent permitted by law, ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA expressly excludes: i. all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; ii. any liability caused by a force majeure event; iii. any obligation of effectiveness or accuracy; and iv. other than as set out below, any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by you in connection with this agreement, including by your use or inability to use any information on our website or within any publication subscribed to, via any websites linked to our website(s) and any material posted on it, including without limitation any liability for loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts anticipated savings, loss of data, loss of goodwill, wasted time and for any other loss or damage of any  kind, howsoever and whether caused by tort including negligence, by breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable. Nothing in this provision affects our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or for liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under the applicable law. these provisions do not affect any applicable statutory rights.
YOUR CONDUCT
You must not use the website in any way that causes or is likely to cause the website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way. You understand that you are solely responsible for all electronic communications and contents sent from your computer to us. You must use the website for lawful purposes only. You must not use the website for any of the following:
For fraudulent purposes or in connection with a criminal offence or otherwise carry out any unlawful activity;
To send, use or re-use any material that is illegal, offensive, abusive, indecent, harmful, defamatory, obscene or menacing racist, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, in breach of confidence, infringes any intellectual property rights, or is otherwise injurious to third parties; or objectionable; or which consists of or contains software viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any spam;
To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
To impersonate any third party or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your content;
To copy, reproduce, translate, modify, create a derivative work of, sell, resell, lease, lend, convey, distribute, publicly display or sublicense to any third party any part of our site in contravention with these terms of use or any other agreement with ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA;
To scrape, build databases or otherwise create permanent copies of any part of a website, or keep cached copies longer than permitted by the cache header;
To misrepresent the source or ownership of the websites or any content contained thereon;
To remove, obscure, or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices, falsify or delete any author attributions, legal notices or other labels of the origin or source of material.
Date of last update of document: 08 May 2018
Search
IIARHome (IIAR)
Letter from the Director
Scope
Direction and Funding
Advisory Board 2021
International Scientific Advisory Board 2021
IIAR Publications
Facilities
The library
Affiliations
Acknowledgements
Donations
Research Projects
Activities and News 1995-2020
Invitation to join activities
IMPORTANT NOTE: You may submit your article only through our online submission system
Submit your manuscript