https://iiar-anticancer.org/privacy-policy/
IMPORTANT NOTE: You may submit your article only through our online submission systemSubmit your manuscript
Privacy PolicyHome / Privacy Policy
ABOUT US
Any reference to ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, we, us and our is to ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, Inc.
ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, Inc. is a company registered in the Unites States of America (identification number is 0450005413) with registered office at 111 Bay Avenue, Highlands, NJ 07732, USA.  Any reference to website(s) or site(s) is to a website owned or controlled by ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA, Inc. and its co-owners and licensors.
Any reference to you or your is a reference to you as a user of our website or service.
Please take a few minutes to read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy without further notice to you. We will post revisions on the Website. We recommend that you regularly review this policy for any changes. It is your responsibility for doing so.
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
Our privacy commitment
This document sets out the basis on which ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA will process any personal data we collect from you and what cookies we use and why. We will make every effort to protect your privacy by adopting a consistently high level of site security and adhering to strict company policies on how we store and use personal information. This privacy policy has been developed in accordance with our legal obligations and may be updated from time to time.
Language of Terms
Where this Privacy Policy has been translated into a language which is not English, this has been done for your convenience only to aid your interpretation of the policy. The English language version of this Privacy Policy is available here and it shall prevail in the event of any conflict between the English language version and a version in any other language.
1. What information is being collected and how is it used?
The nature and purpose of the personal data we collect from you will differ depending on which area of the site you access (for example whether you are registering for one of our journals or simply contacting us to provide feedback). What data we collect and how this is used is set out in detail in this policy but general categories include:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our website which may include: your name, address, postcode, email address, date of birth, telephone number, payment details and service details (if applicable);
technical information about your use of ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA services including details of your domain name, location and internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser version, the content you view, how long you stayed on a page;
data collected through the use of “cookies” and/or other devices. For full details, see our Cookie Policy which is contained below;
other data from time to time to help us provide you with improved products and services – for example when we ask you to fill in a survey or questionnaire. In addition to the uses specified below, we may use information provided by you in the following ways:
to ensure that content on our site is presented in the most effective manner for you;
monitor, develop and improve our products and services;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and
to notify you about changes to our service including to contact you with service messages.
By way of example, if any service for which you have registered is no longer available, we may contact you to let you know that it has closed and inform you of any similar services offered by us and/or any company within our group of companies and/or a third-party partner on our behalf.
1.1. Registered Users
Our website may require subscriptions and/or registration to access certain functions, services or content. You will know what information is being collected via these processes when you complete the relevant forms and provide the required details prior to submitting the application for the relevant subscription or registration. Where you submit a response for publication, your name and other personal details may be published. We will collect data relating to any transactions you carry out through our website(s) and of the fulfilment of your orders. We collate data about registered users including which ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA publications and services they have subscribed to so that we can understand our customers and try and easily fulfil their subscription requirements. Where you have supplied information relating to a conference (for instance where you are attending a conference, or speaking at a conference), we will use your personal data to inform the venue and caterers of delegates, share that information with any co-owners, co-organizers or relevant suppliers and contractors of a conference (where applicable). We may also use your data to create a delegate or speaker list which will be distributed to all attendees and sponsors. We may disclose your identity and contact details to any third party claiming material posted by you is defamatory or violates their intellectual property rights or right to privacy.
2. What else do we collect when you use one of our websites?
Each time you use the internet, an Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is assigned to your computer or internet-capable device via the internet service provider. This number may either be the same or different each time you access the internet. Each time your computer or internet-capable device requests information from one of our websites, we log your IP address on our server. We may also log operating systems and browser types for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information. We may use this in order to gather information about the website traffic and usage. To clarify, whether you are a registered user or not, our web server collects certain information including (a) IP address; (b) host names (c) domain name (d) time and date information as requested (e) the browser version and platform when it is requested, (f) a record of which pages have been requested (g) location data from your IP address. Location data may be necessary for us to “geo-block” or regionalize our website content or services. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and use it to contact you and/or to update our records. We may use all information we obtain to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorized access, use, activity and/or copying, either personally or via third party contractors and advisors. This may involve using your name and subscription details on a database with other publishers’ data for detection purposes.
3. What else do we use personal information for?
Other than for fulfilling our obligations to you (where these exist), on some occasions we use the information you provide to produce aggregate statistics in relation to pages being accessed. We may also use it to monitor usage patterns on our websites in order to improve navigation and design features and to help you get information more easily. This information is provided to us as daily log files. In order to help us develop our websites and our services, we may provide such aggregate information to third parties. The statistics however will not include any information that can be used to identify any individual. We may contact you to notify you about changes to our service. We may also send you non-marketing emails for internal record keeping and to improve our services and/or for the purpose of inviting you to partake in surveys or market research which we conduct or which third parties are conducting.  In addition to responding to complaints or claims received or discovered referred to above or any breaches of our Website Terms and Conditions, we may use all information supplied or collected on our Websites to enforce our legal rights and protect against unauthorized access, use, activity and/or copying, either personally or via third party contractors and advisors and/or protect the rights, property, or personal safety other users of the websites and the public. This may involve using any details supplied by you including your name and contact details.
4. How long do we keep the information we collect?
We keep (including via our contractors) your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil our obligations to you and to protect our legal interests or as otherwise stated to you when such data is collected.
5. To whom will information be disclosed?
Other than as expressly agreed by you or stated when data is collected or stated within this policy we will not disclose your personal data to any third parties other than: (i) to third parties authorized by us such as our co-owners (where applicable), licensors, contractors and advisers who must keep this data confidential; (ii) as required for conferences such as to venue organizers or where you agree with an exhibitor or sponsor to be scanned at a conference and in which case your name, work details and all contact details will be supplied to them; (iii) as required to enforce our legal rights (including property, safety, our customers or others); (iv) fraud protection and credit risk reduction; (v) where our company or its assets (to which your data relates) are to be acquired by a new company location data may be shared.
6. How personal information stored and protected
Your personal data is stored in our databases or those of our contractors which is only available to our web administrators and our contractors and selected authorized people on a password protected basis. Such staff may be engaged in among other things, hosting the fulfilment of your order, processing of your payment details and the provision of support services by submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or process. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely by us and our contractors and in accordance with this privacy policy. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please do not share your password(s) with anyone.
6.1. Security
We understand that the security of your information is important to you. We also understand that our continued success as a publisher on the web relies on our ability to communicate with you in a secure manner. We adhere to the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in our operations. We use several measures to authenticate your identity when you visit our site. We also take steps to protect your information as it travels the internet, and to make sure all information is as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use (for example, by hackers). We review our security measures regularly. Despite our best efforts, and the best efforts of other firms, “perfect security” does not exist on the internet, or anywhere else. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
6.2. Authentication
You should not share your user name and password with other people. If you think you might lose or forget these identifiers, write them down and keep each in a separate place.
6.3. Email
Any email between you and the ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA is not encrypted.
6.4. Data within our walls
The information we collect about people visiting the site is stored in secure environments that are not available to any other individual or party without our consent. We have mechanisms in place to protect data. One such mechanism is called a “firewall.” A firewall is a barrier that allows only authorized traffic through. It safeguards our computer systems and your information. We also use system and application logs to track all access. We review these logs periodically and investigate any anomalies or discrepancies.
7. Cookies
7.1. What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a website. Cookies are widely used by websites to help remember small amounts of information and give you a better experience using the website. For example, a cookie will help the website to recognize your device the next time you visit so you don’t have to log on again, they will remember what items you placed in a shopping basket or recall your preferences such as which language you want to read a site in. Certain cookies contain a limited amount of personal information. For example, if you click “remember me” when logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you and will instead collect more general information to help us analyze how well our website is performing overall so we can try and improve it.
7.2. How we use Cookies
ANTICANCER RESEARCH USA uses cookies on our website to perform particular functions.
Technically Necessary Cookies
Some essential functions of our websites are only possible if information is stored persistently between each page you look at. For instance, if you log in to a site to access subscriber only content, we use a cookie to remember that you are logged in, so you do not have to enter your details on each page you visit.
7.3. Cookie list
8. Contact us
Please contact us if any of the data we hold about you becomes inaccurate and if you have any queries or concerns about the data we are holding about you. Also, we welcome your feedback about what you like or don’t like about our site. Your feedback is stored on a secure internal system that allows the appropriate person to respond to you. Please contact us through e-mail at journals@iiar-anticancer.org.
9. Your Consent
By submitting your information, you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. You should review this policy regularly, to note any changes as to how we collect and use personal information. Thank you for reviewing this information. If you have any questions, please send us an e-mail journals@iiar-anticancer.org.
Last updated 09/05/18
Search
IIARHome (IIAR)
Letter from the Director
Scope
Direction and Funding
Advisory Board 2021
International Scientific Advisory Board 2021
IIAR Publications
Facilities
The library
Affiliations
Acknowledgements
Donations
Research Projects
Activities and News 1995-2020
Invitation to join activities
IMPORTANT NOTE: You may submit your article only through our online submission system
Submit your manuscript