https://ilca.org/privacy-policy/
Non-Endorsement
See: ILCA Bylaw 2.2 Fundamental Principles.
2.2.1. As an organization, ILCA and its affiliates will not endorse any literature or products, or accept direct funding from industries producing or marketing products that do not comply with the International Code of Marketing of Breast-milk Substitutes and subsequent WHA resolutions.
Trademark
ILCA® and International Lactation Consultant Association® are registered trademarks of the International Lactation Consultant Association, under the applicable laws of the United States and/or other countries.
International Board of Lactation Consultant Examiners® and IBLCE® are registered Service Marks, and International Board Certified Lactation Consultant® and IBCLC® are registered Certification Marks, of the International Board of Lactation Consultant Examiners and are used with permission herein.
Copyright
The contents of all materials contained on ILCA’s website are owned by ILCA (unless otherwise indicated) and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights are reserved by ILCA, and visitors may not copy, reproduce, download, upload, republish, disseminate, post, distribute, or transmit by any means the contents of the website, except with the prior express written permission of ILCA. Copyright infringement is a violation of U.S. federal law, and violators are subject to criminal and civil penalties. ILCA will be mindful to obtain appropriate permission and copyright authorization before posting or linking to any outside material.
Privacy Policy of myilca.org
This Website collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising serving infrastructure
AdButler
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics, Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel) and Google Ads conversion tracking
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
International Lactation Consultant Association
110 Horizon Drive, Suite 210, Raleigh, North Carolina, 27615, USA
Owner contact email: info@myilca.org
Latest update: May 25, 2018
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Legal Notices/Privacy Policy
Find A Lactation Consultant
Blog
Advertising Opportunities
Store
Resources
Contact Us
Scroll to top