https://ilds.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your personal data and complying with the Data Protection Act 2018 and associated legislation. The ILDS privacy policy outlines the type of information that is collected by us, how we use and protect it. This statement also outlines your rights regarding data protection and advises you how to contact us.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@ilds.org or by writing to ILDS, Willan House, 4 Fitzroy Square, London, W1T 5HQ, UK. Alternatively, you can telephone +44 (0)20 7388 6515.
Who are we?
The International League of Dermatological Societies (ILDS) is a non-governmental organisation based in the UK with membership comprised of dermatological and health organisations around the world. ILDS is governed by its member organisations, which appoint the ILDS Board at a quadrennial Assembly of Delegates General Meeting during the World Congress of Dermatology.
ILDS is a registered charity (no. 1111469) and company limited by guarantee (no. 5466148). The registered address is Willan House, 4 Fitzroy Square, London, W1T 5HQ, UK.
What type of information is collected from you?
When referring to “personal data”, we mean information we collect from you, from which you may be personally identified. We will not collect any personal data from your visits to our site unless you provide this information voluntarily.
When you supply personal data to us through this website, it will be clear what we plan to use the data for and we will seek your permission for such use and only use in the capacity described.
Website
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. When submitting information in forms, you may be asked to provide personal data such as your name and email address and information about your organisation. We may use such information to get in touch with you. If you provide personal data about other people – for example, your colleagues or other authorised representatives, we rely on you to inform those people that you are providing their personal data to ILDS and to make them aware of this.
Website hosting
This website is hosted in the United Kingdom by a dedicated hosting organisation. The hosting organisation is contractually bound to implement measures to help protect your personal data and not to process such data except in accordance with our instructions. Any future hosting organisation used in relation to this site will be similarly bound.
Newsletter subscription
You can sign up for news and updates by email where such service is provided on the website. Only basic personal data, such as your name and email address are required. For verification purposes, we will send you a confirmation email immediately after you have finished the registration process. During this process, we may also store your IP address and the date and time of registration. The personal data collected as part of your registration will be used for sending you our news and/or other updates. Our newsletters contain tracking pixels which enable log file recording for statistical analysis of our newsletter campaigns. We may see whether and when an email was opened, and which links in the email were activated. We use Mailchimp, The Rocket Science Group, LLC 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE Suite 5000. Atlanta, GA 30308 USA as our email marketing service. We only store your email address for email marketing services. You may opt out from receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by contacting us via info@ilds.org or by following the unsubscribe link or instructions in any email we send you. Please note that changes may not become effective immediately.
Contact form and emails
You may use a contact form (where provided) in order to ask questions about us and our services. When using the contact form, you will be asked to provide personal data such as your name and email address and a message you want to deliver to us. You may also contact us by writing to us directly via email where we have provided a specific email address. We may use such information to get in touch with you or to reply to your message.
Apply for membership form
You may fill in an application form for ILDS Membership – in order to join ILDS as a member organisation and benefit from our services. When using the form, you will be asked to provide personal data such as your name and email address and information about your organisation. We may use such information to get in touch with you about your application. If you provide personal data about other people – for example, your colleagues or other authorised representatives, we rely on you to inform those people that you are providing their personal data to ILDS and to make them aware of this Privacy Policy to the extent relevant. Also note that some information will be published and viewable on the site, such as Organisation name, contact information (website, phone and main contact email address, and main address), as well as social media accounts. Through your ILDS membership, the email contacts you will have entered will be signed up to our e-communications but you will be able to unsubscribe at any time.
Event submission form
Our Members may use the “submit an event” form (where provided) in order to publicise an event Members are involved in/organising. When using the event submission form, Members will be asked to provide personal data such as name, email address and information related to the event (including its location). Please note that this information will be published on the website and that we (and others) may use such information to get in touch with you about the event submission or the event.
Surveys
Occasionally, we conduct surveys via our Website or third party tools (such as SurveyMonkey). In addition to your opinion or feedback, you may be asked to provide personal data. The type of data collected depends on the survey; we will use the data only as indicated in the survey.
Payments and donations
If you make a donation or membership fee payment online, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
ILDS Apps
The Community Dermatology Journal App collects anonymous data about app usage.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
process a donation that you have made;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
notify you of changes to our services;
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about campaigns, appeals, other fundraising activities, promotions of our associated companies goods and services;
process a grant application.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data to the following recipients and for the following purposes:
To our service providers; these service providers, sub-contractors and subsidiaries include providers of information technology, identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data back-up, security and storage services;
If you expressly request us to do so;
If the disclosure is necessary to comply with a court order or a legal or regulatory requirement; or
We may from time to time disclose contact information between members as part of our membership services to put them in touch with each other.
Our service providers may be located outside the country where a visitor is located. As a result, a visitor’s information may be transferred outside the country where they are located. All our service providers are contractually bound to process personal data only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. We also oblige them to comply with technical and organisational measures ensuring the protection and security of personal data. If a service provider is located in a country where the applicable laws do not provide an adequate level of protection for personal data, we will ensure by appropriate means that the respective data recipients maintain such adequate level of data protection.
The third parties will only use personal data for the agreed purpose and not sell it to third parties or market it otherwise.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example the collection of Gift Aid). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process donations and send you mailings). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
When you are using our secure online donation pages, your donation is processed by a third party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. We’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: info@ilds.org, or write to us at: ILDS, Willan House, 4 Fitzroy Square, London, W1T 5HQ, UK. Alternatively, you can telephone +44 (0)20 7388 6515.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information the ILDS hold about you (we may charge £10 for information requests) to cover our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected with the following software 128 Bit encryption on SSL. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This Privacy Policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Website recording
Our web site may also use the Heatmap website recording service. Heatmap is a product that has been developed by Heatmap, Inc., Heatmap may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. The information collected does not include bank details or any sensitive personal data. Data collected by Heatmap is for ILDS’ internal use only. The information collected is used to improve our website usability and is stored and used for aggregated and statistical reporting.
Use of web tags
Our website pages contain electronic JavaScript code snippets known as web tags that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web tags collect only limited information which includes a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web tag resides. These web tags do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of the website. Because web tags are the same as any other content request included in the request for a web page, you cannot opt-out or refuse them.
Google Analytics
This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Site analyse how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and stored there. In case of activated IP anonymization on this Site, however, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of our Site, compile reports about Site activities, and provide us with further services related to Site and Internet usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data by Google. You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser software; in this case, however, please note that you might not be able to fully use all functions offered by our Site. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of our Site (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plug-in from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en (link is external).
This Site uses Google Analytics with the extension “anonymizeIP()”; IP addresses are therefore truncated before further processing in order to rule out direct associations to persons.
Your rights
Under UK data protection law, your rights include:
A right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data to which you have previously consented;
A right to obtain a copy of the personal data which we hold about you (we reserve the right to charge a small fee for the exercise of this right);
A right to object to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing; and
A right to have incorrect personal data we hold about you corrected
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in July 2018.
Back