https://imedx.com/au/privacy/
Skip to content
Close Menu
Privacy Policy
iMedX Australia, INC.
Privacy Statement
https://imedx.com/au/ (the “Site”) is owned and operated by iMedX  Australia, Inc. (“iMedX Australia”). We recognise the importance of privacy to you and are firmly committed to protecting your privacy when you visit the Site. As a result, we have instituted this website privacy policy (“Privacy Statement”), which applies only to the operation of the Site. iMedX Australia is providing this notice to explain how we collect, use, disclose and protect the personal information that we collect from you in connection with your use of the Site. This Privacy Statement applies only to the use and collection of data collected by this Site and does not apply to any other data collected by us online or offline.
In general, you may visit the Site and view its content while remaining anonymous by not providing any personal information. By using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement and, if you provide us your personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not provide us any information and do not use the Site.
As used in this Privacy Statement, “we” includes iMedX Australia, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and any third-party vendors we hire to assist in the administration of the Site, the collection, cataloging and/or analysis of data, and/or the processing or handling of any visitor transactions. These vendors are required to maintain the confidentiality of the user information and are prohibited from using it for any purpose other than as described in this Privacy Statement.
iMedX Australia is based in the United States, so any personal information we collect through this site will be transferred to and maintained in the United States. By using this Site and/or providing us with your personal information, you understand and agree that your personal information will be transferred to the United States and subject to disclosures and uses in accordance with U.S. law as described in this Privacy Statement.
Registering with iMedX  Australia
In order to use certain services provided on or through the Site, you may need to register with us, which will entail your disclosure and transmission of certain information about you. In connection with your registration, or at any time after registering, you may “opt-out” or unsubscribe from receiving any communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions on the registration page, the Site or in any email you receive from us.
Information We Collect
If you register with us, we shall collect certain personal information provided by you, which may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, billing information, credit card or other financial account information, and certain other personal, professional and demographic information about you.
Our Site may also collect non-identifiable information that becomes available to us as a result of your visit to our Site. This information includes, for example, your IP address (a number automatically assigned to your computer when you visit the Site, and which is logged by our servers), your Internet Service Provider (“ISP”), your web browser, the type of operating system, the domain name of the website which links you to our Site, the pages you visited, the average time spent on the Site, and the products searched for on the Site.
Because we are very interested in the successful dissemination of information through the Site, we will review visitor trends recorded on certain log files. In connection with such log files, analysis software will be used to generate reports that will allow us to determine how we can enhance your experience with our Site. This information will not be used to ascertain your identity or the substance of what you are viewing. The log files may be purged periodically, in our discretion, to maximise space on the server.
Collection of Personally Identifying Information from or about Children
iMedX Australia does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to iMedX Australia. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at sales@imedx.com.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
The information we learn from visitors helps us personalise and improve the Site and services that we offer through the Site. We use your information to respond to your requests for information and to generate and maintain mailing lists.
We may also use your personal information for the following purposes:
establishment and maintenance of our relationship with you;
responding to your requests and inquiries;
registering you for programmes , events and/or services that you have requested;
process, fulfill and follow-up on your applications and fee payments;
meeting legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements;
and otherwise with your consent.
Other Uses
In addition, we may share your personally identifying information with any third-party, without your consent or approval and without notice to you, (i) as permitted or required by law, (ii) as incident to a corporate sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution, bankruptcy or similar event, (iii) under circumstances we believe reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety of our employees, users of the Site, or the public, (iv) to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our published policies, or (v) as is otherwise described in this Privacy Statement.
Cookies
We from time to time use cookies on our Site. Cookies are small text files that your web browser leaves on your hard drive to recognise you as a repeat user of our Site, track your use of our Site and target advertising. This allows for personalisation of certain aspects of your visit to our Site. Information gathered from cookies in this way is only used on an aggregate basis. Unless a visitor specifically provides their identity to us, e.g., by registering at our Site, providing information through an online form or sending us correspondence from the Site, we will not know who the identification of individual visitors. We may use cookies to store preferences; record session information; develop information about Site visitors’ preferences and interests; record past activity at a website in order to provide better service when you return to our Site; or customise web page content based on information you voluntarily provide.
You can disable cookies using your Internet browser settings. Please consult your browsers’ help function for information on how to disable cookies. Note that if you disable cookies, certain features of our Site may not function properly.
Links
Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please recognise that we do not control these third party websites and this Privacy Statement will not apply to those websites. You should consult each applicable privacy policy before using another linked website.
Security
We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While we strive to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-parties from intercepting information. You should not assume or expect that any communication that you transmit to us (such as personally identifiable or other data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) is confidential. iMedX Australia shall not be liable or responsible if any information about you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.
Access, Correction and Contacting Us
If you have questions about anything contained in this Privacy Statement, including how your personal information is used, if you wish to request that we correct, or change or remove any information about you that we may have collected, or if you wish to opt-out of receiving any communications from us, you may contact us at sales@iMedX Australia.com
Privacy Statement Changes
This Privacy Statement may be revised from time to time by us in our sole discretion. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions at www.ozescribe.com.au. We may post changes or modifications to referenced policies and guidelines without your approval, and may determine whether and when any such changes apply to you. Your use of the Site following our posting of any changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes. Should you not wish to be bound by the modified Privacy Statement, do not use the Site.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on and is effective as August 6, 2018.
We are always here to help. Send us a message