http://inclentrust.org/inclen/privacy-policy/
F-1/5, 2nd Floor, Okhla Industrial Area Phase - 1, New Delhi
+91 11 47730000 - 99
ieodelhi@inclentrust.org
Home
About Us
Research
Ongoing Research
Completed Projects
Thematic Groups
Data Management System
Somaarth I – For Demographic Surveillance
Somaarth II – For Cohort Studies
Somaarth III – For Cross Sectional Studies
IQDAS – For Qualitative Analysis
Publications
Open Access INCLEN Tools
Open Access Thesis
SOMAARTH-DDESS
Network
CanUSACLEN
ChinaCLEN
EuroMedCLEN
INCLEN Africa
INCLEN Asia
IndiaCLEN
LatinCLEN
IPEN Network
GLOBAL INSTITUTE
LEADERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT PROGRAM
PhD / INTERNSHIP Program
GET INVOLVED
Institutional Membership
Individual Membership
Jobseekers
Privacy
Policy
Our Collaborators
Our Funders
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer
•
The Internship program of INCLEN Institute of Global Health (IIGH) is a carefully monitored work or service experience in which a student has intentional learning goals and reflects actively on what s/he is learning throughout the experience. It is a part of an educational program and carefully monitored and evaluated for academic credit. The learning activities include learning objectives, observations, reflection, evaluation and assessment. A reasonable balance between interns’ learning goals and the specific work needs of INCLEN are established. Basically the IIGH Internship program is based on the model of ‘sandwich placements.’ Special internship program for service personnel (Return-ship) is also available.
•
While extending support for The INCLEN Trust International individuals or institutions may have to submit a few personal details as it would help us ensuring genuine contributions:
o
Your name
o
Your email and mailing address
o
Your telephone number
o
Your payment processing details
o
Any other data as The INCLEN Trust International may require
•
General browsing of The INCLEN Trust International website is anonymous and it does not register the user’s personal information except the time, date and place of visits and the name of internet service provider. However, this information is not shared by the organization with external agencies.
•
All relevant information collected through The INCLEN Trust International website is handled and used by internal and authorized officials only.
•
The INCLEN Trust International is not liable for any form of loss, damage or harm caused to the users as a result of misuse of personal information by a third party, tracked through a liked site of The INCLEN Trust International or otherwise, and who is not an employee of The INCLEN Trust International.
•
The INCLEN Trust International holds the discretion to modify the terms and conditions under privacy policy.
•
Contents published in The INCLEN Trust International website including graphics, write-ups, logos, pictures, images and software are the property of The INCLEN Trust International and its partners or associates and the same is protected. Users must seek formal permission before using any of these information and any misuse of the same will automatically hold the (mis)user liable.
Privacy Policy for SOMAARTH-III Application
By accessing our app, SOMAARTH-III, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing SOMAARTH-III. The materials contained in SOMAARTH-III are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of SOMAARTH-III per device for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
o modify or copy the materials;
o use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
o attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained in SOMAARTH-III;
o remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
o transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials within SOMAARTH-III are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to SOMAARTH-III.
Limitations
In no event shall The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use SOMAARTH-III, even if The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL or a The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing in SOMAARTH-III could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL does not warrant that any of the materials on SOMAARTH-III are accurate, complete or current. The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL may make changes to the materials contained in SOMAARTH-III at any time without notice. However The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL does not make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its app and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
Modifications
The INCLEN TRUST INTERNATIONAL may revise these terms of service for its app at any time without notice. By using SOMAARTH-III you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New Delhi and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
4,562 total views, 4 views today
© 2017 inclentrust.org The INCLEN Trust International
All rights reserved.
PRIVACY POLICY
LEGAL DISCLAIMER