https://inner-strength.com/dr-ted-cibik/contact-us/privacy/
+1 724-845-1041
info@inner-strength.com
Facebook
RSS
Facebook
RSS
Privacy Policy
Here you’ll find information on how Inner Strength treats data that we collect from visitors to our website, or when someone subscribes to our newsletter. We treat our patient data in accordance to HIPPA regulations.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits our website we use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in our Cookies Policy below.
Newsletter sign-up
As part of the registration process for our newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about, to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information, to check our records are right, and sometimes to wish you happy holidays. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organizations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us at info@inner-strength.com
Forms on our website
We use simple forms on our website to allow you to contact us easily online. The information supplied will only be used to respond to your initial inquiry and matters related to it. If you would like to remove your information from our system please email us at info@inner-strength.com
Links to Other Websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. If you have questions about how other websites use your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device
We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details. The only cookies used on Inner Strength’s websites are the ones set by Google Analytics outlined above.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to us at info@inner-strength.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 24nd May 2018.