http://insideschizophrenia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Inside Schizophrenia
16369
page-template-default,page,page-id-16369,cookies-not-set,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-theme-ver-7.8,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12,vc_responsive
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Inside Schizophrenia ("Inside Schizophrenia")
operates insideschizophrenia.com and may operate other websites. It
is Inside Schizophrenia policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Inside Schizophrenia collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Inside Schizophrenia purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Inside Schizophrenia visitors use its website. From time to
time, Inside Schizophrenia may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Inside Schizophrenia also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on insideschizophrenia.com
blogs/sites. Inside Schizophrenia only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Inside Schizophrenia websites choose to interact
with Inside Schizophrenia in ways that require Inside Schizophrenia to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Inside Schizophrenia gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at insideschizophrenia.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Inside Schizophrenia are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Inside Schizophrenia collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Inside Schizophrenia. Inside Schizophrenia does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Inside Schizophrenia may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Inside Schizophrenia may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Inside Schizophrenia does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Inside Schizophrenia discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Inside Schizophrenia behalf or to provide services available
at Inside Schizophrenia websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Inside Schizophrenia websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Inside Schizophrenia will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Inside Schizophrenia discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Inside Schizophrenia believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Inside Schizophrenia, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Inside Schizophrenia website and have supplied your email address, Inside Schizophrenia
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Inside Schizophrenia and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Inside Schizophrenia takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Inside Schizophrenia uses cookies to
help Inside Schizophrenia identify and track visitors, their usage of Inside Schizophrenia
website, and their website access preferences. Inside Schizophrenia visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Inside Schizophrenia websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Inside Schizophrenia websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Inside Schizophrenia, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Inside Schizophrenia goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Inside Schizophrenia may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Inside Schizophrenia and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Inside Schizophrenia may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Inside Schizophrenia sole
discretion. Inside Schizophrenia encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a insideschizophrenia.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok