http://intermountainhealthcare.org/website-information/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use | Intermountain Healthcare
Skip to main content
Skip to search inside site section
Skip to site section navigation
Skip to site navigation
Skip to page footer
Skip to Intermountain Healthcare search
Skip to Intermountain Healthcare company wide navigation
Skip to Intermountain Healthcare company wide footer navigation
New
Intermountain in Nevada
My Health +
Get Care Now
Quick Links
Pay Bill
Refill Rx
Explore Careers
Doctors
Locations
LiVe Well
Medical Services
Classes & Events
GermWatch
My Health +
Give
Financial Assistance
Intermountain Physicians
Intermountain Employees
Intermountain Trustees
More
Search
Healthcare
Website Information
Health Information
Research
News
About
Give
Terms of Use
Home
Website Information
Website Information Topics
Privacy Notices
Provider Ratings
Terms of Use
Social Media Terms of Use
Request for Permission
Website Feedback
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Read these Terms of Use Before Using This Service
By using this online Service, you agree to abide by all of the terms on this site and on the sites that are linked to this site.
When you use this Service, you enter into a binding agreement with Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth. Under this agreement, they provide information to you, and you agree to the Terms of Use. The laws of Utah govern this agreement. If a court finds that a provision of this agreement is invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be limited, as the court requires, and the rest of the agreement will remain in effect.
Social Media Terms of Use
For Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth.
Learn More
Request for Permission
Request permission to use Intermountain materials.
Learn More
What This Site Offers
This online service (the “Service”) offers health, medical, and insurance information to help you.
This online Service also offers you access to your personal clinical and insurance-related information. To access that information, you’ll need to register for those specific services by following the instructions below in the section labeled "Terms of Use for Personalized Information."
Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth offer you this Service on these conditions:
that you are 18 years of age or older;
that you have the right and ability to agree to the Terms of Use;
that you agree to the Terms of Use
For Medical Advice and Diagnosis, Consult a Professional – Don’t Use this Site
THIS SERVICE IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE. ALWAYS CONSULT A PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTHCARE PROVIDER FOR PERSONAL MEDICAL ATTENTION AND ADVICE; DON’T USE THIS SERVICE AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR CONSULTING WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTHCARE PROVIDER. WHILE THIS SITE PROVIDES INFORMATION, IT CAN’T DIAGNOSE YOUR HEALTH CONDITION OR ADVISE ON YOUR LIFESTYLE CHOICES. SEE A HEALTHCARE PROVIDER FOR MEDICAL ATTENTION AND ADVICE.
Social Media
Thank you for your support and for joining our online community. Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth maintain a presence on social networking sites in order to encourage people and organizations to take an active role in leading healthier lives by sharing ideas and information with as many people as possible.
This is your community. Please remember that any comments you make here should be made with respect for other members of the community and in keeping with the tradition of neighbor helping neighbor. This is not an appropriate place for personal attacks, misleading information about health issues, spam, or product ads. For information concerning General Rules for all Contests and Intermountain Healthcare’s comment policy, please see the Social Media Terms of Use here.
Minors
Although this Service and its links offer general information regarding health issues of infants, toddlers, adolescents, and minors, this Service does not solicit or accept information from any person younger than 18 years of age.
Please note: minors may access and read the information on Intermountain Healthcare’s “Live” site and SelectHealth STEP Express Web pages. If you are under 13 years of age, you may use this Service, Intermountain Healthcare’s “Live” site and SelectHealth’s STEP Express Web pages only with involvement and permission of a parent or guardian.”
Links to Other Sites
As a convenience to you, this Service provides links to other Internet sites. Neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth endorses any third-party site, its information, services, or merchandise.
Neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth is responsible for the accuracy, accessibility, privacy, or security of information provided by any external website. Please review the security and privacy policy of the external website you are accessing for details about that site's security and privacy.
Prohibited Use of This Service
Neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth authorizes you to use this Service if you live in a state or country that has laws that would either (1) void or alter the Terms of Use or (2) make illegal the access or use of this Service. If either of those conditions applies, then don’t use this Service. If you decide to use this Service anyway, you do so at your own risk and without the authorization of Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth.
Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth provide access to the Service only for approved purposes. Only authorized users may access or use the Service. Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth may review, monitor, audit, and store information related to your use of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to that monitoring. Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth will forward any evidence of inappropriate use of the Service to their respective management or applicable law enforcement agencies, or both. Neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth is responsible for the content of any system or application outside of their control. Even though each organization has taken reasonable steps and employed industry-standard practices and technology, Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth cannot guarantee the privacy or security of the Service.
No Warranties, Disclaimer of Liability, Indemnity by You
WHILE INTERMOUNTAIN HEALTHCARE AND SELECTHEALTH TRY TO KEEP THE INFORMATION ON THIS SITE ACCURATE AND CURRENT, WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, USEFULNESS, OR APPLICABILITY OF ANY MERCHANDISE, PRODUCT, INFORMATION, OR OTHER DATA OR ITEMS APPEARING ON THIS SERVICE. NEITHER INTERMOUNTAIN HEALTHCARE NOR SELECTHEALTH IS LIABLE TO YOU, OR TO ANY USER OF THIS SERVICE, FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN IN RELIANCE ON THE MERCHANDISE, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR OTHER ITEMS PRESENTED ON THIS SERVICE.
NEITHER INTERMOUNTAIN HEALTHCARE NOR SELECTHEALTH DOES ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:
MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, OR ENDORSEMENT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) REGARDING THE MERCHANDISE, PRODUCTS, INFORMATION, OR OTHER CONTENT OR ITEMS APPEARING ON THIS SERVICE;
WARRANTS THAT ANY DOWNLOAD FROM THE SERVICE WILL BE FREE OF ANY VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE, OR OTHER DATA ALTERING OR CONTAMINATING COMPONENTS (YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT YOU HAVE TAKEN STEPS TO PREVENT CONTAMINATING COMPONENTS FROM INFECTING YOUR COMPUTER AND ITS DATA);
IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR ANY OTHER MONETARY OR OTHER DAMAGE, FEE, FINE, PENALTY, OR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS SERVICE OR TO ANY SITE ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SERVICE, OR FOR THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION ON THIS SERVICE OR ON ANY OTHER SITE (IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS SERVICE, THEN YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE); OR
GUARANTEES CONTINUOUS OR UNINTERRUPTED ACCESS TO THIS SERVICE – OPERATION OF THIS SITE MAY BE INTERFERED WITH BY FACTORS BEYOND OUR CONTROL.
YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY INTERMOUNTAIN HEALTHCARE AND SELECTHEALTH AND HOLD THEM HARMLESS—AS WELL AS THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, INFORMATION PROVIDERS, AND SUPPLIERS—FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, EXPENSES, DAMAGES AND COSTS, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY'S FEES, RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS SERVICE OR YOUR VIOLATION OF THE TERMS OF USE, OR BOTH.
Copyrights, Trademarks, Service Marks, and Other Intellectual Property
Intermountain Healthcare’s protected trademarks include Intermountain, Intermountain Healthcare, SelectHealth, and the Intermountain Healthcare and the SelectHealth logos. The content of this Service is protected by copyright. (Trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property of linked sites, for example, "KidsHealth," are identified and discussed in the terms of use available on those sites.)
You may access the content of this Service only for your personal, noncommercial use. You must request and receive written permission from Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth prior to reproducing or downloading any document, section, or article from the Service or any other part of the content, unless specifically provided otherwise in these Terms of Use. If you have questions concerning use of any Intermountain Materials or marks, please contact Intermountain Healthcare at IPOffice@imail.org or 801-442-5756. For questions regarding use of any SelectHealth materials or marks, please refer to the contact information provided at the end of the Terms of Use.
All information permitted to be reproduced or downloaded must include the following copyright notice, depending on the source of the information: © 2018 Intermountain Healthcare, Inc. All Rights Reserved or © 2018 SelectHealth, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use for Intermountain Materials
By using or accessing any part of the materials made available to you on an Intermountain Healthcare website or by Intermountain Healthcare personnel (“Intermountain Materials”), you unconditionally consent to be bound by these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE INTERMOUNTAIN MATERIALS.
Permission to use Intermountain Materials outside of these Terms of Use is considered on a case-by-case basis. For your case to be considered please complete our Request for Permission form.
You may print one copy of the Intermountain Materials for individual use. You may also direct your patients or colleagues to Intermountain Healthcare’s website so that they can read or print one copy of the Intermountain Materials for their personal use.  You may not distribute any of the Intermountain Materials to a patient, colleague, or anyone else.
You may link from your website directly to the URLs of individual Intermountain Materials on Intermountain Healthcare’s website, but you may not post any Intermountain Materials directly on your website.
You may not modify any of the Intermountain Materials in any way, remove the Intermountain Healthcare name or logo, apply your own corporate logo, or extract text blocks, graphic images, or photographs for reuse in your own documents or the documents of others.
You may not market or sell any of the Intermountain Materials either alone or packaged with other materials.
Intermountain Healthcare owns the Intermountain Materials and any derivatives thereof. No license or other right to the Intermountain Materials or derivatives thereof is granted or implied, other than the limited right to use the Intermountain Materials as set forth in these Terms of Use.
The Intermountain Materials are provided on an "AS IS" basis without any warranty. Intermountain Healthcare disclaims all express and implied warranties concerning the Intermountain Materials, including implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. You accept all risk of use of, and reliance on, any Intermountain Materials.
Many patient or provider education materials are available for purchase. To access Intermountain Healthcare’s ordering site, go to iprintstore.org. If you have questions, please contact Intermountain Healthcare at IPOffice@imail.org or 801-442-5756.
Additional Terms of Use for Personalized Information
Clinical or Member Benefit Information. Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth offer registered user access to personalized information.  Using instructions on the My Health/Digital Front Door section on intermountainhealthcare.org and selecthealth.org, a patient or member may register to access services such as the following:
an online view of portions of the patient’s or member’s electronic Intermountain Healthcare medical records and other general health information or tools;
secure online messaging with participating physicians and their office staffs; and SelectHealth member support teams; and
access to the member’s personalized plan or benefit information and other insurance tools.
Access to Personalized Information.
Not all Intermountain Healthcare clinics may offer My Health/Digital Front Door or the full services available in My Health/Digital Front Door.
To access to these personalized-information services, a registered user must agree to the Terms of Use and follow these instructions:
be at least 18 years of age, except where explicitly designated;
understand that the options available with My Health/Digital Front Door depend on two conditions:
use the registration process (Note: In-person identification or appropriate legal document or both may be required in some circumstances for registration); and
specify either your Intermountain Healthcare clinic or your SelectHealth insurance plan;
accept that neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth can guarantee the privacy or security of your personal information, even though each organization has taken reasonable steps and has employed industry-standard practices and technology to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of this personal information;
complete registration and use a personally identifiable username and password (i.e., credentials) before participating in My Health/Digital Front Door; and
safeguard your credentials and not share the credentials with others, understanding that compromise of your credentials could allow personal information to become known to other parties.
As a user of My Health/Digital Front Door, you agree to the following provisions:
You acknowledge requesting access to portions of your health information or the ability to communicate over the Internet with your Intermountain Healthcare team—or SelectHealth team—concerning your health information using an electronic application called My Health/Digital Front Door.
Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth may revoke your access to My Health/Digital Front Door, or discontinue the patient portal at any time and for any reason.
You will only send online messages of a non-urgent nature. You understand that the physician’s office or SelectHealth customer service representative will take an average of one to two business days to respond to your electronic message. For emergencies, call 911 (or your EMS system) and not use My Health/Digital Front Door.
You will use the online message system only for communications that are suitable for this medium. (Some communications with a provider are appropriate only in telephone conversations or in-person visits.)
Secure messages exchanged between you and your participating physician’s office become a part of your permanent medical record. This information is confidential, but may be released at your request or under legal requirement. You understand that when signing up for health insurance coverage, you usually sign a general release that gives your insurance company permission to request your medical records.
You agree to use appropriate discretion when sending online messages, particularly if you don’t want the information to appear in your permanent medical record.
Messages sent to your Message Center might contain information that is important to your health and medical care. You are responsible to monitor these messages. You are liable for any loss, injury, or claims of any kind resulting from messages that you fail to read in a timely manner.
You will communicate through My Health/Digital Front Door about your own health condition only. It is a violation of these Terms of Use if you use My Health/Digital Front Door to communicate about the health condition of another person,except under authorized proxy circumstances (see section 3 below) or if you are a SelectHealth member using SelectHealth’s secure messaging tool to communicate about benefits or other insurance information of dependents.
To help in the delivery of care, any authorized person in your physician’s office may access your online messages between you and the physician's office.
Online messages sent or received through the Service are for the sole use of the intended recipient and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient of a message, you are prohibited from reviewing, using, disclosing or distributing it or its contents. If you have received a message in error, please contact the sender by replying to the message and destroy all copies of the message and its contents.
Neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth warrants that your online view of your personal health information represents your complete, legal medical record.
You remain responsible for exercising reasonable judgment with your use of My Health/Digital Front Door. Do not use My Health/Digital Front Door as a substitute for consulting directly with your physician or healthcare provider about your medical condition.
You acknowledge that My Health/Digital Front Door may not be available all the time because of system failures, back-up procedures, maintenance, or other causes beyond the control of Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth.
Your access to My Health/Digital Front Door is provided on an "as-is, as-available" basis; neither Intermountain Healthcare nor SelectHealth guarantees that you will be able to access My Health/Digital Front Door at any particular time.
During times when My Health/Digital Front Door is unavailable, you should use other communication methods (e.g., telephone) to contact your physician, other healthcare provider, or SelectHealth customer service.
Intermountain Healthcare is dedicated to helping improve your overall health by providing the opportunity to connect and share health information. In addition to the My Health/Digital Front Door Portal, Intermountain Healthcare may offer the ability to securely connect some of the health management applications you use (google health, fitness trackers, dietary trackers, etc.) to your health record. If you are interested in this opportunity, contact Online Services. Once your request is received, Intermountain Healthcare will work with the appropriate vendor to determine if they meet the technical requirements in order to establish a secure connection.
Proxy Access
This service allows parents, authorized stepparents, legal guardians, conservators, spouses, adult children and other homecare givers to access and use My Health/Digital Front Door on behalf of a patient of participating Intermountain Healthcare clinics or a SelectHealth member. Services available to proxy may depend on the options offered through the participating Intermountain Healthcare clinic. Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth retain ultimate authority to determine when to grant or remove access from My Health/Digital Front Door.
If custodial rights change, the custodial guardian has the responsibility to notify the participating Intermountain Healthcare clinic, SelectHealth member services, or both.
When you apply for proxy access, you may have to complete appropriate authorization forms or provide additional documentation or information upon request.
Intermountain Healthcare and SelectHealth follow state and federal laws that require a minor’s consent for proxy access to reproductive information (e.g., birth control, pregnancy, STD, and related information) and other sensitive information. In certain circumstances, both the parent and the minor must be present in person to authorize access to the minor’s My Health/Digital Front Door information.
Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth, as applicable, will revoke proxy access to a patient’s My Health/Digital Front Door information when any of the following occurs:
The patient’s account is closed.
The patient requests the proxy no longer has access.
Expiration date of the proxy’s rights occurs.
The proxy’s custodial rights of the patient change, and Intermountain Healthcare receives appropriate documentation of that change.
Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth becomes aware that any portion of a proxy’s access is no longer permitted by applicable law.
As a registered user, you may be asked to participate in patient-satisfaction surveys regarding your use of My Health/Digital Front Door. Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth, depending on which organization requests a survey, may analyze the information submitted or obtained as part of the survey, or of other descriptive (demographic) studies and reports. In those studies and reports, all of your personal identifying information will be removed.
SELECTHEALTH’S BILLING AND ENROLLMENT SERVICES
If your employer group or broker has signed up for this service, you may use the billing and enrollment services. This service is password protected and offers these benefits:
New Enrollment, which allows a new hire or new subscribers to enroll or be enrolled in plan coverage;
Open Enrollment, which allows employers and brokers to review and update benefit selections, which have been previously entered, and update other benefits during open enrollment period; and
User’s Information, which allows employer, brokers, and members to update their information.
Additional Terms of Use for SelectHealth’s Billing and Enrollment services. Each employer group and broker using the billing and enrollment services also agrees to the following provisions.
The enrollee must be at least 18 years of age, except where explicitly designated;
An enrollee must register and use personally-identifiable credentials to use the billing and enrollment services. Enrollee agrees to use good judgment in the selection of a password. Enrollee will safeguard your password and not share it with others, understanding that compromise of your password could allow personal information to become known to other parties;
The enrollee understands that SelectHealth cannot and does not guarantee the security of your personal information, even though SelectHealth has taken reasonable steps and has employed industry-standard practices and technology to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of this personal information; and
Either the enrollee or SelectHealth may cancel your participation in the billing and enrollment services at any time. You may cancel your participation by contacting SelectHealth at mypersinfo@imail.org or by phone at 800-538-5038 and requesting that your participation be canceled.
Private Information on This Service
For information regarding the use, disclosure, and protection of personally identifiable information relating to this Service, see Intermountain Healthcare's Notice of Privacy Practices or SelectHealth’s Notice of Privacy Practices, both of which are on this site. Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth will send you a printed copy of the appropriate Notice of Privacy Policies upon request. Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth can be contacted at the address listed at the end of these Terms of Use.
If you think that your personal information has been compromised on an Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth Web site, call Online Services at 801-442-5502 (Salt Lake area) or 800-442-5502 weekdays between 7:00 a.m. and 8:00 p.m., and Saturdays, from 7:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m.
Changes to the Terms of Use
Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth may change these Terms of Use at any time. Those modifications or changes become effective immediately when they are posted to this Service.  You agree to review these Terms of Use frequently so that you will be familiar with them. And each time you use this Service, you also agree to comply with these Terms of Use.
Images
The models pictured on this site may or may not have received services from  Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth.
Lawsuits Regarding This Service
If you sue Intermountain Healthcare or SelectHealth for anything relating to this Service, you submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the appropriate court in the State of Utah, whether federal or state. The non-prevailing Party in a lawsuit relating to this Service hereby agrees to pay the costs and expenses of the lawsuit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by the prevailing party.
Contact Information
To contact Intermountain Healthcare
Attn: Intermountain Healthcare36 South State Street - 11th floor
Salt Lake CityUT
84111
Email
Email Us
To contact SelectHealth:
Attn: Marketing, Business Development 5381 Green Street
MurrayUT
84123
Email
Email Us
Get Care Now
Use Intermountain Connect Care®
Get care for low-level urgent conditions through a video chat with a provider, 24/7, on your computer or mobile device.Learn More.
Get in Line at InstaCare®
View wait times and save your place in line at an Intermountain InstaCare location near you.
Emergency Care
If this is an emergency please go to the nearest emergency room or call 911.
Which should I choose?
Intermountain
Healthcare
Intermountain Healthcare is a Utah-based, not-for-profit system of 24 hospitals (includes "virtual" hospital), a Medical Group with more than 2,400 physicians and advanced practice clinicians at about 160 clinics, a health plans division called SelectHealth, and other health services. Helping people live the healthiest lives possible, Intermountain is widely recognized as a leader in clinical quality improvement and efficient healthcare delivery.
Intermountain Blogs
Intermountain Facebook
Intermountain Pinterest
Intermountain Twitter
Intermountain YouTube
Contact Us
Tell Us About Your Experience
Get help with a billing issue
Need help with financial assistance
Website feedback
Contact Intermountain
Intermountain Healthcare
Locate
Doctors
Locations
Medical Services
Intermountain Healthcare in Nevada
Classes & Events
InstaCare
Learn
Health Library
LiVe Well — Healthy Living
GermWatch
Research
Healthy Dialogues
Login
My Health +
Refill Rx
Pay Bill
Intermountain Physicians
Intermountain Employees
Get Care Now
For Professionals
Transforming Healthcare
Intermountain Trustees
Explore Careers
Leadership Institute
Accredited Continuing Education
Still not finding what you are looking for?
Copyright ©2020, Intermountain Healthcare, All rights reserved.
CHNA Reports
Privacy Policy
Non-Discrimination Policy
Terms of Use
Website Feedback
SelectHealth
Contact Us