https://internalchange.com/policies-return-policy-privacy-policy-security-policy/
Policies - Return, Privacy, and Security - Terms of Use
Skip to content
Email
847-259-0005
Search for:
Main Menu
HomeAboutAll ProductsDiSCMenu Toggle
Everything DiSCMenu Toggle
What is Everything DiSC? Emotional Intelligence **NEW** Workplace (Self) Management Sales Productive Conflict Work of Leaders 363 for Leaders Group Reports
Everything DiSC Catalyst *NEW* DiSC ClassicMenu Toggle
What is DiSC Classic? DISC Classic 2.0 (Online) DiSC® Biblical Personal Profile System® DiSC® Classic Paper Profile DiSC® Classic Group Reports DiSC Classic 2 Plus DiSC® Preview
Facilitator ResourcesMenu Toggle
DiSC Facilitation Kits Interaction Guides QuikDiSC® Card Game DiSC Buttons/Mugs/Pens Everything DiSC® Bonus Video The Everything DiSC Manual
Learn MoreMenu Toggle
What is DiSC? DiSC Model Comparison What Does the Small “i” in DiSC Mean? About MyEverythingDiSC Timeline of DiSC
EPICTraining & CertificationMenu Toggle
DiSC Certification DiSC Essentials Course Five Behaviors Facilitator Accreditation PXT Select: Expert Practitioner Emotional Intelligence Certified Coach
Development ToolsBlog
Discover Catalyst!Discover Catalyst!
Policies – Return, Privacy, and Security – Terms of Use
Thank you for using our resources
Below you will find our policies.  All policies and prices are subject to change without notice. We will attempt to notify our clients/customers of any major price changes, however suggest you keep current on our policies by reviewing this page periodically.By accessing and browsing our site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, all Terms and Conditions.
DiSC Certification Cancellation Policies
We provide the following refund options if you need to cancel:Online DiSC CertificationMore than 7 days prior to the training, you are able to receive a full refund.7 days or less prior to the training, including no-shows to the session will be unable to receive a refund.In-Person DiSC Certification15 days or more prior to the training, you are able to cancel your registration and receive a full refund.14 days or less prior to the training (including no-shows to the session), you will be unable to receive a refund for the course. A substitution may be made up to three days before the course.*If your cancellation is made via email or outside of our normal business hours, the cancellation policy that applies the day we receive your message will be granted. We understand that situations happen. Please plan accordingly and give us as much notice as possible to ensure a full refund.We reserve the right to cancel these courses at any time and offer a full refund.
Exchange & Return Policy
Center for Internal Change accepts the return of a purchased item if it is returned to Center for Internal Change within 30 days and the product has remained undamaged and is in perfect (new) condition. If the item has been opened or damaged, and/or it is past 30 days of purchase, we reserve the right to not accept the product for any exchange or refund.If there is a refund a restocking fee may be charged to cover our handling, merchant account fees, restocking, plus shipping.Online profiles, online assessments or online courses may be refunded if unused and requested within the cancelation guidelines for certification (please see certification cancelation policy on appropriate webpages).If a product is received damaged, we will gladly replace it with the same product and cover your return shipping.**We do NOT accept any returns for products listed as being either special order or discontinued. This also includes all un-branded materials including all DiSC Classic Paper Products**New Policy: EPIC credits are now refundable for the price purchased minus a 25% restocking fee. Contact us if you have any questions.
Privacy and Personal Data
Effective January 1, 2019 Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the all websites owned by Center for Internal Change, including internalchange.com, onlinediscprofile.com, and epiccredits.com. On some pages you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. However, only on secured https pages will you be asked for personal information such as:NameAddressEmail addressPhone numberCredit/Debit Card InformationOn these secured https pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a product online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:NameAddressPhone NumberThe Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order, respond to inquires, or update you on your order status, or send the requested products/services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. Online orders are processed through a secured online shopping cart from 1shoppingcart.com – a company owned by web.com. Credit cards are all process through secure gateways and merchant accounts. We use Authorize.net and Paypal Merchant Services. Each of the companies mentioned in this paragraph has their own privacy statement or policy. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. When access codes or EPIC Credits are purchased, or when an EPIC account is created, we must provide Wiley with the provided information required to send access codes or EPIC Credits to our clients/Customers or to setup an EPIC account. Wiley’s privacy policy The EPIC Administrator site (https://admin.wiley-epic.com) and EPIC Respondent site (https://www.wiley-epic.com/default.aspx and https:wiley-epic.com) have received data privacy certification from the TRUSTe® Privacy Program. Companies that display the TRUSTe seal on their Web site’s privacy policy comply with the highest standards for protecting personal information. Wiley (Inscape) Publishing also complies with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union. For more information regarding Wiley’s commitment to data privacy, click here.You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter for updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form. Once or twice a year we may send out a general email, that you can opt-out of. This would generally bring to your attention a new product or price increase. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Your information is never sold, traded or rented to any outside parties.Behavioral Profiles and EPIC Account Privacy and Data Distribution: It is our policy that behavioral assessments are the property of the respondent. If you are purchasing an assessment for someone other than yourself, it is your responsibility to provide each respondent with a copy of their individual data. Should the respondent request their report directly from Center for Internal Change, it is our policy that we will provide them with it.Email addresses are often gathered during the process of taking a personal assessment from our site. If a respondent requests this final copy of their report, Center for Internal Change will provide that copy directly to the respondent using the email address provided. Other examples of how a user’s email address may be used when responding to a behavioral assessment includes sending access to MyEverythingDiSC, sending email reminders to complete the assessment, resending a report or log in information.Your personal DiSC data may be used in a team or group report at the request of a internal or external coach/facilitator for training and development purposes only. You can request that your personal data be completely removed at any time.EPIC administrators who set up an account through Center for Internal Change will occasionally receive emails relating to important information regarding EPIC such as system and privacy updates, pricing updates, and new products. This is not a subscription service and therefore there is no opt-out feature. If you no longer wish to receive emails regarding your EPIC account, we humbly request that you contact us regarding the closure of your account, which you can do at any time at no cost. Closing your account will result in your inability to continue distributing assessments and accessing your completed reports.Beginning in May 2018, all respondents will be required to accept a Data Protection Consent Form for all EPIC/Wiley assessments taken through Center for Internal Change or associated sub accounts.Our Commitment To Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How To Contact Us: Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 847-250-0005, or send us an email at privacy@internalchange.com. Center for Internal Change is an authorized distributor for numerous products and publishers including Everything DiSC®, The Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team™, and PXT Select™, Vital Learning, Assessments 24×7, Wiley/Inscape. If there ever should be an issue relating directly to a publisher’s use of data within an administrator account, you will need to contact that publisher directly.
Price Policy
Prices and product availability is subject to change without notice. We will make every effort to provide at least 60 days notice.
EPIC Account and EPIC Credit Policies
EPIC credits never expire. Unused access codes may be deactivated or reclaimed after two years if not used. We will attempt to contact you by email prior to unassigning unused access codes. If you do want to use the access codes after they have been unassigned we will reissue new assess codes to you at no charge.In some cases we will refund unused EPIC credits for a 25% restocking fee. Contact us if you have any questions.
Terms of Use
Center for Internal Change is now a division of The TEAM Approach, Inc.No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from Center for Internal Change or The TEAM Approach, its websites, employees, or from our offerings and services shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms below.Although the information and assessments contained on the Center for Internal Change owned websites have been generated from sources believed to be reliable, Center for Internal Change and its websites and assigns, makes no guarantee, representation, assurance or warranty, express or implied, as to, and assumes no responsibility for the correctness, sufficiency or completeness of such information or answers or of the scoring of profiles, assessments, surveys, or tests contained herein.ALL PROFILES AND REPORTS ARE PRESENTED IN AN “AS IS” CONDITION AND ANY WARRANTIES FOR FITNESS OF PURPOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIESCenter for Internal Change and its websites function soley as authorized partners and distributors and are not the publishing or creator of the produces sold on this site and therefore will not be held liable for any issues caused by the purchase, use, interpretations or interactions with any products, websites, trainings or certifications offered by or through Everything DiSC, a Wiley brand and Wiley. We are not responsible for how our offerings are used or interpreted. We function soley as a distributor of Everything DiSC, a Wiley brand’s products and certification. Center for Internal Change is not responsible or liable for the functioning or availbitly for EPIC account (Electronic Profile Information Center) nor any of the assessments, profile, or reports and data accessed on https://admin.inscape-epic.com. Center for Internal Change can not be held liable of any data stored on any of the hardward used or owned by Everything DiSC and Wiley. Your use of the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Center for Internal Change and its websites expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.Strictly behavioral assessments offered on our sites are not intended to be used as predictive tool for success in employment or in a particular job classification, nor are they intended for use as a guaranty or warranty of success in relating, working, behaving. The only tool we provide that has been developed expressly to indicate job performance is PXT Select™. No products available on our websites should be used as the sole determining factor when making a hiring decision.THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING BEHAVIORAL STYLE ASSESSMENTS AND SUPPORTING MATERIAL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR USE OR WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OPERABILITY, OR USEFULNESS OF PROFILES AND REPORTS OR THE RESULTS THEREOF. ANY PRODUCT AND SERVICES OFFERED RELATING TO WILY, EVERYTHING DISC INCLUDING GENERATING ASSESSMENT RESULT OR REPORT ARE CONTINGENT ON WILEY MAINTAINING CENTER FOR INTERNAL CHANGE AS AN AUTHORIZED PARTNER AND/OR DISTRIBUTOR. IF WILEY AT ANY TIME TERMINATES ITS AGREEMENT WITH AND/OR THE PARTNERSHIP/DISTRIBUTORSHIP OF CENTER FOR INTERNAL CHANGE THEN CENTER FOR INTERNAL CHANGE WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY WORK IN PROGRESS, AGREEMENTS OR CONTRACTS THAT WILL BE LEFT UNFULFILLED.Center for Internal Change and its websites make no warranty that (1) our offerings will meet your requirements, (2) our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (3) the results of Everything DiSC and Wiley products and services will be accurate or reliable, (4) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through use will meet your expectations, and (5) any errors in the software or websites will be corrected or accurate.Any materials downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our and Wiley owned sites is done at your own discretion and risk and by doing so you agree to take solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such materials.No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Center for Internal Change and its websites or through or from our offerings and services shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these terms.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYYou assume full responsibility. Center for Internal Change and its owners, officers, and board, shall not be liable for, (i) your use and application of profiles, reports or assessments, (ii) the adequacy, accuracy, interpretation or usefulness of profiles or assessments, and (iii) the results or information developed from your use or application of profiles or assessments. You waive any claim or rights of recourse on account of claims against Center for Internal Change, its websites, owners, officers, and board, either in your own right or on account of claims against Center for Internal Change and its websites, and its owners, officers, and board by third parties. You shall indemnify and hold Center for Internal Change and its websites, and its owners, officers, and board, harmless against any claims, liabilities, demands or suits of third parties. The foregoing waiver and indemnity shall apply to any claims, rights of recourse, liability, demand or suit for personal injury, property damage, or any other damage, loss or liability, directly or indirectly arising out of, resulting from or in any way web sites’ assessments or information, or the use, application, adequacy, accuracy, interpretation, usefulness, information, or management, or the results or information developed from any use or application of profiles, assessments, or other information, and whether based on contract obligation, tort liability (including negligence) or otherwise. In no event will Center for Internal Change and its owners, officers, and board, be liable for any lost profits or other consequential damages, or for any claim against you by a third party, even if Center for Internal Change and its websites, and its owners, officers, and board, has been advised of the possibility of such damages.Center for Internal Change and its websites, and its owners, officers, and board, shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any other matter relating to the service.Center for Internal Change is a Division of The TEAM Approach and an Authorized Partner of Everything DiSC, The Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team, and PXT Select, a Wiley brand. Wiley has the right to terminate for convenience or for any other reason any Partner with 30 day notice. As such, Center for Internal Change shall not be liable or responsible for any outstanding work, services or contract resulting for Wiley’s actions.Terms of UseAll claims arising out of the use of this site shall be governed by applicable laws and users of this site hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the state of incorporation, and agree to initiate and prosecute any and all claims that may be brought against Center for Internal Change and its websites and assigns, and irrevocably waive any objection they may now or hereafter have as to the venue of suits or that such Courts are an inconvenient forum. Users of this site further agree that Center for Internal Change and its websites and assigns shall not be responsible or liable to users or any other person as successor, assignee or third party beneficiary of users for indirect, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages which may be alleged as resulting, directly or indirectly, from the use of this site.These Terms and Conditions, copyright notices, legal notice, business policies, privacy security statements, are governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of incorporation of Center for Internal Change and its websites, without respect to its conflict of the laws’ principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions, expressed or implied, shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.In no event shall Center for Internal Change and assigns be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the Site or the Content whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not Center for Internal Change and its websites is advised of the possibility of such damages. Center for Internal Change shall be liable only to the extent of actual damages incurred by you, not to exceed U.S. $1.00. Center for Internal Change and its websites is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of it’s websites and their content.INDEMNITYCenter for Internal Change and its websites , and its owners, sub-contractors, and employees, are indemnified from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content, posted to or transmitted through any Center for Internal Change and its websites web site, the use of our web sites, a violation of our Terms of Use, or a violation of any rights of another.You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Center for Internal Change and its websites and its employees harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions.COMPLETE AGREEMENTExcept as expressly provided elsewhere on the websites owned by Center for Internal Change, these Terms and Conditions, Policies, Security & Privacy Statements, Legal and Copyright Notices, constitute the entire agreement between you and Center for Internal Change and its websites with respect to the use of the Site and Content.Center for Internal Change and its websites may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions, Legal Notices, Statements, Policies & Practices, by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current documents and postings to which you are bound.Center for Internal Change and its websites reserves the right to refuse service to anyone without stating the reason.
Trademark and Copyright
DiSC® is a registered trademark of John Wiley & Sons or its affiliated companies. DiSC was formerly published by Inscape Publishing, Carlson Learning Company, and Performax. The following are trademarked by Wiley (Inscape Publishing): Everything DiSC, MyEverythingDiSC, Personal Profile System, Adventures in Attitudes, Biblical DISC, Discovering Diversity Profile, Time Mastery Profile, I-Sight, Personal Development Profile, Everything DiSC, Work of Leaders, Personal Learning Insights Profile, or the Personal Listening Profile, and Personal Profile Preview, Team Dimensions Profile, PXT Select, and The Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team.Center for Internal Change is an authorized distributor of Everything DiSC, PXT Select, and The Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team and is not legally responsible for the content or accuracy of any products on this site including, but not limited to products by Wiley, their strategic partners, CRK Interactive, Inc. or other products sold on this site in a distributor or associate capacity. Center for Internal Change is not responsible for the use or application of these products by purchasers or end users.
- Center for Internal Change is an Authorized and Certified Distributor -
Need help? Call our support team at (847) 259-0005.
Office hours
Mon - Thurs: 9AM - 5:30PM ET
Friday: 9AM - 4PM ET
changenow@internalchange.com
Contact Us
How are we doing?
About
Meet Our Team
Why Choose Us?
Our Clients
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Trademark & Copyright
Resources
Books and Resources
Case Studies
Research Papers
Sample Reports
Blog
FAQs
Join Our Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email
Subscribe
© 2019 Center for Internal Change | All rights reserved
Facebook-f
Linkedin-in
Shopping-cart
Center for Internal Change - (847) 259-0005