http://integrativemedalliance.org/privacy-policy/
At http://integrativemedalliance.org, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://integrativemedalliance.org and how we use it.If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@integrativemedalliance.com.Log Fileshttp://integrativemedalliance.org follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.Cookies and Web BeaconsLike any other website, http://integrativemedalliance.org uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.Our Advertising PartnersSome of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners include:GoogleEach of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website. For easier access, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:Privacy PoliciesYou may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://integrativemedalliance.org.Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://integrativemedalliance.org, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.Note that http://integrativemedalliance.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.Third Part Privacy Policieshttp://integrativemedalliance.org’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here and Grow your traffic now!: Privacy Policy Links.You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?Children’s InformationAnother part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.http://integrativemedalliance.org does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://integrativemedalliance.org. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.ConsentBy using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.PagesTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyDisclaimerSitemapRecent Posts A healthy mouth and body: The benefits of integrated dental work Everything you need to know about Integrative Dentistry Is laser eye surgery painful? Can toothache cause earache? Infrared sauna vs steam sauna: Which is better?Tagsalternative medicine anaesthetic cosmetic operations cosmetic transformation crown replacement dental dental care Dental Cleaning dental crown dental implants dental practice dentist flouride treatment front tooth General anesthesia gynecology healthy eating healthy food holistic dentistry implants Invisalign Invisalign Teen kidney disease kidney health mammoplasty oral health Orthodontics plastic surgery Polycystic Kidney Disease recovery Restorative Dentistry sensitive teeth Sensitive Teeth Treatment surgery teeth teeth health tooth extraction tooth replacement Traditional Chinese Medicine treatment value weight control wisdom teeth wisdom tooth pain x-rayCategoriesAlternative MedicineDentalEye surgeryGeneralGynecologyNose surgerySurgeryUncategorized We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept
Social media & sharing icons powered by UltimatelySocial
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR pluginPrivacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Changes