https://intuitivehealing.com/privacy-policy/
(408) 691-7694
annealyse@icloud.com
Who we are
Our website address is: https://intuitivehealing.com.
Privacy Policy
This page explains the privacy policy and practices for the Intuitive Healing website. The website is https:/intuitivehealing.com We do not sell, distribute or share personally identifiable information with third parties, unless the law requires us to do so. We always work diligently to prevent the unauthorized sale or use of your personal information, and work to prevent the accidental loss of such information as well.
Personal Information Collection We may record your location, IP address, the URLs of the website that directed you to our site, the URLs of the pages you visit on our website, the dates and times of each visit, and/or information about the computer hardware and software you use, as well as other information that may be available. Intuitive Healing uses this information only for the operation and maintenance of our website and also to provide general statistics regarding the use of our services.
We may use this website to collect certain personally identifiable information. This may include your name, contact information and other data. We may also collect additional personal or non-personal information about you in the future or collect certain information about other visitors.
Details About the Use of Collected InformationIntuitive Healing may collect and use your personal information as part of the operation of our website. We also use this information to deliver the information or service you request, and also to improve your browsing experience and the experience of other visitors by personalizing the site. We may use information about the content you visit and services you use alone or in conjunction with information collected from other users. This helps us tailor our services to better suit the needs and interests of our users.
At Intuitive Healing, we do not sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists or information to third parties. We do reserve the right to disclose any information that we obtain through our website to appropriate authorities, without notice, if required by law or any governmental agency.
Security Disclaimer for Our Website Information sent through contact forms and emails to Intuitive Healing may not be secure. Therefore, you choose to share this information at your own risk.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
———-
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
———-