https://invisibledisabilities.org/about/legal-notice-privacy-policy/terms-of-use/
Menu
The Invisible Disabilities® Association (IDA) welcomes and encourages you and your family to use this website to find and share information about invisible disabilities.
Medical and Legal Disclaimer
IDA provides information on its websites (the content) with the understanding that IDA is not engaged in rendering medical or legal advice or recommendation.  IDA makes this information available for educational and informational purposes only, and as a benefit and service in furtherance of its mission.  The information IDA publishes is no substitute for expert medical or legal care, and should not replace necessary consultation with a qualified healthcare and legal professional who is familiar with your medical condition and health status. Always consult with your doctor or healthcare professional before making any change to your medical care.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The Invisible Disabilities® Association and its respective agents and representatives, both individually and collectively, make no representations with respect to the contents hereof and specifically disclaim any other warranties, including but not limited to implied or express warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular usage, application or process.
Copyright Notice
© 1996-2020 Invisible Disabilities® Association. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use is prohibited.  Unless otherwise noted, IDA asserts a copyright for all of the information that appears on any of our websites and/or in all of our publications.   This information is protected by United States of America (U.S.) and international copyright laws and may not be reproduced in whole or in part by persons, organizations or corporations without the prior written permission of an authorized official of IDA.
Fair Use Exception
Unless otherwise noted, users of IDA websites may make fair use of our copyrighted content without our permission, but only in accordance with the fair use factors set forth in Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act.  Users also may make a single copy of our content to be used for personal and noncommercial uses which do not harm the reputation of IDA, provided that the user does not remove any trademarks, service marks, copyright and any other notice contained within the content, and gives proper credit to IDA as the source. Users may link to content published on our website in accordance with our Links Policy. Members of the news media may include short excerpts of information from our website in stories about invisible disabilities.  Please cite the Invisible Disabilities® Association as the source of the information.
Links
The links that appear on IDA websites provide content that might be of interest to its visitors. IDA is not responsible for the material published on other websites to which it has established links, and establishing a link does not constitute an endorsement of that material. For additional information, please review the IDA Links Policy.
Website Advertising Policy
The appearance of advertising on IDA websites does not constitute or imply endorsement of any advertised product, service or company by IDA.  People with invisible disabilities should consult with their doctor or healthcare professional before using any medicine, product or therapy.  IDA accepts no responsibility for claims made in any advertisement which appears on its websites. IDA reserves the right to reject any advertisement for any reason. Advertisers have no control over any editorial content published on IDA websites. Paid advertising accepted for placement on any of IDA’s websites is identified with the word “ADVERTISEMENT” which will appear above the graphic.
Trademarks
The Invisible Disabilities® Association claims the following trademarks and service marks: The Invisible Disabilities Advocate, Invisible Disabilities, Invisible Disabilities Association, Invisible Disabilities Community, Invisible Disabilities Association Community, Invisible Disabilities Education, Invisible Disabilities Education and Support, Invisible Disabilities eNewsletter, Invisible Disabilities Network, Invisible Disabilities Young Professionals, Invisible Disabilities Week, IDA Cares, Invisible No More, Invisible Heroes and all associated stylized logos.  All rights are reserved.  IDA’s trademarks may not be reproduced or posted on other websites without written permission from an authorized official of IDA. IDA’s trademarks and service marks are used to distinguish IDA as the source of specific products and services surrounding charitable foundation services and education services including programs, campaigns, presentations, media and materials and do not restrict the use of the term “invisible disabilities” for personal and community use.
Privacy
IDA respects the privacy of all users of its websites.  Please review the IDA Privacy Policy for more information.
User Submissions
When you submit or post content to any part of an IDA website, where such content might be viewable by the public (e.g. posting to IDA message boards, forums, chats, Invisible Disabilities® Association Community on Inspire, etc.), you agree that your post is non-confidential for all purposes.  Any submission to an IDA website becomes and remains the property of IDA. You grant IDA a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to publish, use, reproduce, include in other works, modify, translate, or display your content in any media or medium.
User Conduct
By using any of IDA’s websites, you agree that you will not post information or material, or links to information that is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person’s privacy, or otherwise in violation of any law.  You further agree that you will not post any copyrighted material without the express permission of the copyright holder, unless such copyright is owned by you.  Advertisements, promotional materials, junk mail, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are prohibited.
Organization Websites
This Terms of Use Policy applies to all of IDA’s websites, which include invisibledisabilties.org and its related sub-domains, invisibledisabilitiesassociation.org, invisibledisabilitiescommunity.org, invisibledisabilitiesweek.org, invisiblenomore.com, invisiblehero.org, brainideas.org, butyoulookgood.org, idyp.us, InvisibleDisabilities.org, myida.org, programs4people.org, and cleanerindoorair.org.
IDA reserves the right to modify the terms of use at any time without notice.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.