https://invisibledisabilities.org/about/legal-notice-privacy-policy/privacy-policy/
Menu
The Invisible Disabilities® Association (IDA) respects the privacy of all visitors to its websites, which include invisibledisabilties.org and its related sub-domains, invisibledisabilitiesassociation.org, invisibledisabilitiescommunity.org, invisibledisabilitiesweek.org, invisiblenomore.com, invisiblehero.org, brainideas.org, butyoulookgood.org, idyp.us, InvisibleDisabilities.org, myida.org, programs4people.org, and cleanerindoorair.org.
Why IDA Collects Information
IDA uses data gathered through its websites to distribute information, conduct programs, provide services, process orders and donations, respond to questions, fulfill requests, monitor the effectiveness of its websites, and plan for future improvements.  IDA does not automatically collect email addresses or other personal information unless you provide it on a form, survey or within an email message.
The Type of Information IDA Collects
Statistical Data
IDA collects information about the total number of visitors, the date, time, length and frequency of visits, the average length of time and total number of times that visitors view each page, the device and software used to access its websites, how visitors arrived at its websites, and the domain name and locations of visitors’ internet service providers.   IDA also compiles lists of the keywords and search terms that visitors used to find information published on its websites, and the websites or search engines that referred visitors to its websites.
Personal Information
When you order products or services from the IDA online store, register for an event, program or class, subscribe to IDA’s newsletter, or make a donation, IDA needs to know your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date, and the products or services you request from IDA.  This data allows IDA to process, fulfill, and acknowledge your order or donation.
Secure server software encrypts all of the information that you provide before transmitting the information to IDA.  Processing your order may require that IDA shares your information with third party vendors or contractors who provide services on its behalf (such as firms that package and ship the publications or materials you order from IDA).  However, these third party firms are contractually required to keep this information strictly confidential.
Online Activity
IDA does not keep a record of the pages you view while visiting its websites.  However, when you click on a page link contained within an email message, advocacy alert or eNewsletter that you receive from IDA, that information is stored as part of your online profile.  This information helps IDA determine which articles or topics are of greatest interest to you so it can better serve you in the future.  The information is not shared with others and is used only to help IDA deliver future content that is more tailored to your individual interests or needs.
Email addresses
IDA will ask for your email address when you sign up for its email list, register for an event or program, make a donation, purchase a product from the IDA online store, submit a question, or subscribe to Ida’s online eNewsletter.  IDA uses your email address to respond to your inquiry, or to distribute receipts, acknowledgements, alerts, eNewsletters, announcements, breaking news, or other electronic communications.  You may opt out from receiving email communications from IDA at any time.
IDA never sells your email address to anyone outside of the organization. Occasionally, IDA may distribute email messages to you on behalf of another organization or partner that is offering a program, product, service or information that it believes may be of interest to you.  You may unsubscribe from future email messages by sending your request through the IDA Contact page, or by updating your email preferences by clicking on the appropriate link within the email message that you receive.
Postal Mail
If you provide your mailing address to IDA, it periodically may send information to you through the U.S. Postal Service.  You also may receive information IDA mails on behalf of another organization or partner that it believes may be of interest to you.  You may choose to opt out of receiving some or all surface mailings from IDA.  Send your full name and complete mailing address, and the type of information that you no longer wish to receive from IDA.  Send your request through the IDA Contact page or write to IDA at PO BOX 4067, Parker, CO 80134 – USA.
Consent
By using this or any Invisible Disabilities® Association website, you consent to the collection and use of the information as described above.
IDA reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time without notice.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.