https://iocdf.org/iocdf-data-privacy-policy/
*/
The International OCD Foundation (IOCDF) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization established in 1986 to help everyone affected by obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and related disorders to live full and productive lives.
The properties managed by the IOCDF include all officially maintained and managed IOCDF websites, including a variety of sub-sites and micro-sites such as “Annual OCD Conference.”
The content distributed by the IOCDF on its suite of websites, as well as its print materials and brochures, is fully curated by the IOCDF (i.e. staff, scientific and clinical advisory, etc.).
This Privacy Policy applies to: (a) information we collect from persons (either electronically, via postal mail, in-person, or over the phone) in regards to their relationship with the IOCDF, whether it be as a donor, a member, or other means of contact; (b) all registrants or participants in “1 Million Steps 4 OCD,” “Annual OCD Conference,” or any other IOCDF-sponsored event; and (c) users of any related services, applications, or sites that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively (a), (b) and (c) referred to hereunder as the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy describes IOCDF’s collection and use of users’ Personal Information (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name, postal address, telephone number, email address, or credit/debit card number) where that information is not otherwise publicly available. It also describes the IOCDF’s general practices for handling Other Information (e.g., interests, demographics, and site usage) collected from users, through either the IOCDF or a third party, to the extent such information is associated with a particular device, user, or user account.
Information the IOCDF Collects
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies an individual, such as name, postal address, telephone number, email address, and credit/debit card number(s).
Personal Information Users Submit
Personal Information is collected when submited to the IOCDF. This includes, but is not limited to, the submission of a donation or membership payment, registration or subscription to a certain event, product, or service, create a profile, taking of a survey, use of interactive features, participation in a forum, etc.
Personal Information the IOCDF Receives from Third Parties
The IOCDF may receive Personal Information from third parties, including information about a transaction, purchase history, or relationship with various products and service providers. Examples of third parties include online giving platforms such as “Razoo” and “CrowdRise”, which are used for grassroots fundraising and our annual 1 Million Steps 4 OCD Walk, respectively.
Other Information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal an identity, such as browser history, information collected through cookies and other technologies, demographic information, and other aggregated information. The IOCDF may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If and when this occurs, this combined information is treated as Personal Information.
Other Information Users Submit
Other Information is collected when submitted to the IOCDF. This includes, but is not limited to, age, gender, education, occupation, financial information, interests, photos, connections, and comments.
Other Information the IOCDF Receives from Third Parties
The IOCDF may receive Other Information from third parties, including, but not limited to, demographic data, information on interests, and information regarding activity on other websites.
Other Information the IOCDF Collects Automatically When Users are Online
Personal Data
Personal Data is collected when users provide personal information that is not publically available to the IOCDF, for example, by registering for the Conference through the website and donating funds. The personal information that provided must be true, accurate, and complete and all registration and donor details (where applicable) must contain your real name, address, and other requested details.
Aggregated information, such as information on traffic patterns within the suite of websites, is collected by the IOCDF through various methods:
IP Addresses: The IOCDF collects IP addresses through its suite of websites. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a user’s computer whenever they are on the Internet. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” web pages, automatically identify the user’s computer by its IP address, and when a user requests a page from the IOCDF website, IOCDF servers log the user’s IP address. The website does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. Therefore, although the session is logged, the user remains anonymous to the IOCDF.
Use of Cookies: The IOCDF may use cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. A cookie is a small data file that most major web sites write to a user’s hard drive for record keeping purposes when they’re visited. Cookies allow the IOCDF to measure activity on the websites and to improve all user experience, for example, by remembering passwords and viewing preferences. Cookies are used by the IOCDF to measure activity on the website and make improvements and updates based on which areas are popular and useful and which are not. The IOCDF will make available cookies, containing non-personally identifiable information such as IP address and pages viewed, regarding user activity on the website to certain third party providers with whom we work, in order to show advertisements relating to the website that may be of interest to the user.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If a user prefers, they can set their browser to refuse cookies or to alert when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the IOCDF website will not function properly if you do so.
Authorized Third Parties: We may use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Sites. They may also use information about your visits to our Sites and other sites and mobile applications to target ads for products and services. For instance, they may collect web log data from you (such as IP address and information about your browser or operating system) or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads. Through this process, demographic or other interest data may be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally identifiable manner. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process. They do not know the name, address, email address, phone number or any personally identifiable information about the user.
The NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) allows for the central opting out of all of its members’ cookies from a single opt-out page. If you prefer not to receive relevant advertising on web pages, please click on the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. If you delete your cookies, use a different browser or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
How we use your Information
The IOCDF use the Personal Information collected for the purposes set forth below. Please note: The IOCDF may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where otherwise prohibited under applicable law. If the IOCDF is required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then it may use and disclose Other Information for all the purposes for which it uses and disclose Personal Information.
To improve the quality of  services, the IOCDF may combine the Personal and Other Information collected with information publicly provided by the user in connection with the IOCDF.
To provide and manage our relationship and/or services.
The IOCDF uses the Personal Information collected from and about a user to provide our products and services and features to the OCD and related disorders community and to improve upon our services, including, without limitation: to process and fulfill donations, to send information about relationships or transactions with the IOCDF, to measure and improve these services and features, to personalize experiences, to provide customer support, and to respond to inquiries.
To contact users. The IOCDF may periodically send materials or notifications to users related to our products and services to the email or postal address provided. To help make these materials more relevant, we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information collected to assist in sending materials. If a user would like to stop receiving materials from the IOCDF, please contact the IOCDF at info@iocdf.org to request an end to solicitation. The IOCDF may also use email addresses to respond to inquiries or requests made.
How we share information
Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings
The IOCDF “Resource Directory” on the website gives users the opportunity to interact with the IOCDF and others seeking OCD and related disorders resources. When a user submits information to be included in the online “Resource Directory” (i.e. clinician referral information, support group leader and meeting information, etc.), the user must be aware that any information submitted, including name, location and email address, may be publicly available, including other users, search engines, advertisers, third-party application developers, and anyone else with access to our Online Services unless otherwise stated on the submission form. The IOCDF is not responsible for any information chosen to be submitted and made public through these interactive features.
To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing Our Services.
The IOCDF may make Personal and Other Information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help manage or provide our products and services by, for example: developing or supporting products and features; processing payments; fulfilling orders; delivering subscriptions; auditing; processing data or statistics; and serving, customizing or delivering marketing or ads.
The IOCDF does not copy, reproduce, publish, post, distribute, share or sell, the name, personal information or description of donors to any outside individual or business. Exceptions are those required by law, requested in grant applications, for the purpose of IOCDF mailings to donors or in connection with bank credit or debit card transactions made with prior knowledge or consent of the donor. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. Donor names and addresses are not shared or sold to outside individuals or organizations unless required by law.
Notice
Your choice
The IOCDF respect your privacy and recognize that you may wish to limit the ways in which we contact you. Simply e-mail info@iocdf.org with the following information:
To remove you name for the IOCDF email list, please provide your full name, email address and a sentence requesting suppression of your personal information in our files.
To remove your name from the IOCDF postal mailing list, please provide your full name, mailing address and a sentence requesting suppression of your personal information in our files.
To review or correct your personal information with the IOCDF, please provide your name and a sentence requesting a review or a correction.
Anonymity
The IOCDF does not acknowledge donors by name and/or description of donation — in certain printed material such as newsletters, brochures, annual reports, press releases, event invitations or programs, stationery, solicitation letters or other means of expressing appreciation for the donor’s assistance — without the expressed permission of the donor.
Security
The IOCDF take every precaution to protect your personal information and all personal information is kept confidential and stored in a secure, customer relations management (CRM) software. Access to Personal Information is restricted only to authorized staff with a legitimate and specific business purpose. For example, development employees need access to information to process online donations. If there are any questions regarding the security of our website or CRM software, please e-mail info@iocdf.org.
More Resources
Fact Sheets & Brochures
Books About OCD
From the Experts
Other Resources
Search iocdf.org
Search for:
Find HelpSearch the Resource Directory for OCD therapists, clinics, treatment programs, support groups, and affiliates in your area.
Search by location:
Listing Types
Clinics & Programs
Support Groups
Affiliates/Global Partners
Your gift has the power to change the life of someone living with OCD.Donate Membership
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close