http://iomsn.org/privacy-policy/
The International Organization of Multiple Sclerosis Nurses has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following sections describe www.iomsn.org. Please review this document for any concerns about privacy, the information we keep on file, and our protection policies.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information and track the number of visits to the site. From your IP address, we obtain the country from which you visited in addition to other information, such as operating system, web browser, monitor settings, and plug-ins. Detailed information is never distributed to third parties; however, the IOMSN may use broad demographic information in our website reports to our affiliates, partners and supporters.
Our site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Our web server may send you a cookie to keep track of your visits to our website. We only use this information for statistical purposes. Our cookies do not retrieve your email address.
Our site's online forms require users to give us contact information (like name, email , mailing address and telephone number). Contact information from the online forms is used to get in touch with you when necessary. We will always obtain prior consent before sending your contact information to third parties. Your information will never be automatically forwarded to a third party without your prior consent.
This site contains links to other sites. The International Organization of Multiple Sclerosis Nurses is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or the content contained in those websites.
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use standard security measures to protect the information you submit to us as well as the information that is automatically collected by our server. Although the International Organization of Multiple Sclerosis Nurses strives to maintain a secure website, the IOMSN cannot be held liable for any damages or other liabilities resulting directly or indirectly from a failure of a security measures.
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. You can send email to the Web Master.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact the Web Master at info@iomsn.org or use our online Contact Form.