https://iosh.com/cookie-policy/
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
Please confirm if you would like to accept.
Agree
Disagree
More info
Related pages
Coronavirus
Membership
Training and Skills
Resources and research
Events
More
MyIOSH
Home
Cookie policy
Related pages
Coronavirus
Membership
Training and Skills
Resources and research
Events
More
MyIOSH
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used to make websites work or work more efficiently.
Cookies also provide information to the owners of the website enabling you to access differing areas and platforms quickly. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
About the Cookies we use
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our website.
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time to reflect changes to the cookies we use and any other legal or operational reasons. Please revisit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies.
We may use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. These are cookies which allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visits to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website content more relevant to your interests or we may share this information with third parties for this purpose, as detailed in our Privacy Notice iosh.co.uk/privacynotice
The table below explains the cookies we use and why:
Cookie
Name
What's the purpose of the cookie?
Cookie preference
civicCookieControl
This cookie is used to remember a user's choice about cookies on iosh.com. Where users have previously indicated a preference, that user's preference will be stored in this cookie.
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga_gali_gat_UAT-1036645-1_gid
_at.hist.
_nmstat
sc_analytics_global
sc_analytics_session
_atuvc
_atuvs
_collect
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website and their general geographical location. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they have visited. Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
Security breach notification form cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is essential for the breach notification form - the form that public electronic communications service providers use to notify the ICO of a security breach - to operate. It is set only for those people using the form. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser. Visit the Microsoft website.
YouTube cookies
PREF*VSC*VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE*remote_sid*
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable information for playbacks of embedded videos using this privacy-enhanced mode. Read more at YouTube's embedding videos information page.
PREF - *expires after eight months
VSC - *expires at the end of your session
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE - *expires after eight months
remove_sid - *expires at the end of your session
Prezi cookies
We embed some presentations on our website using Prezi. Prezi may set cookies on your computer as you reach the page containing the presentation. For information about Prezi cookies please read the Prezi cookies policy.
Analytics Providers
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies
Please also note that we use Google Analytics, which places cookies on your computer, to help the website analyse how visitors use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing to us other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Please visit: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ for further information on how Google uses your information.
How do I change my cookie settings?
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We are planning to enhance our cookie tool to allow users the opportunity to more easily change their cookie settings after their initial choice. Please check this page regularly for further updates.
Further Information
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them, and when they will expire by contacting us at data.protection@iosh.com.