https://ismics.org/privacy.cgi
ISMICS Home
About ISMICS
About ISMICS
Calendar of Events
Committees
Annual Meeting
ISMICS 2021
Meeting Archives
Membership
Corporate Membership
Join ISMICS
Members Only
Member Search
Awards
Education
Co-Sponsorships
Courses
Mitral Valve
Webinars
Industry Sponsored Webinar Symposia
Workshops
Publications
INNOVATIONS
Newsletter
Consensus Statements
Research Fund
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is Assured
At The International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery (ISMICS), we strive to develop innovative services to better serve our users. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use our services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it. The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. "Personally identifying information" is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address, telephone, or email address.
Full Compliance with CAN-SPAM.
ISMICS has never, and will never, participate or allow SPAM to be sent from any of its dedicated servers or affiliates. If you believe that SPAM has been sent from us, please let us know immediately so that our engineers can investigate and rectify the situation.
Data Collection
Many of our systems require you to register for an account. The Society may collect personal information in order to create an account (typically your name, email address and a password for your account). That information will be used to provide our services. For certain services, such as meeting registrations or donations, ISMICS may request credit card and other payment information which we transmit in encrypted form on secure servers. All credit card information collection and storage is fully compliant with PCI guidelines.
By using our website, certain information provided by your web browser will automatically be stored on our servers, such as your IP address and cookie information. Some cookies set by our website could personally identify you
if you have logged in to use our services.
Some forms do not require registration but do collect personal data. By filling out the form, you're providing consent to ISMICS to use your information to provide you with our services. We may use this data for subsequent marketing efforts limited to ISMICS and its affiliates.
Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to ISMICS leaders and affiliated organizations who need to know that information in order to deliver, operate, develop, or improve our services.
Using your Data
We will obtain your consent before contacting you if required by the law of the country in which you are located. By having an established business relationship with ISMICS, you agree to give consent for ISMICS to use your personal information to provide you with services relevant to your interests.
Your Rights
If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it updated. If we have shared your personal data with others, we will tell them about the update where possible.
You may ask us to delete or remove your personal data and we will do so in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it. We may not delete your data when other interests outweigh your right to deletion. For instance, we may not delete your data if it's required to be kept for government reporting requirements or if you're a member of ISMICS, deleting your personal data would forfeit your membership status.
Effective May 25 2018, you have the right to obtain your personal data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you. We will give you your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format within a reasonable timeframe.
If we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us directly.
Refund Policy
There are no refunds for any financial transactions tied to dues or donations. There may be partial refunds issued on a case by case basis for meeting registrations with more details will be available either on the registration form.
Changes to Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us.
The Privacy Notice posted on this site was last updated on September 26, 2018.
By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy.  Got it