http://ivfcanada.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
IVF Canada respects and understands that your privacy is important to you, and therefore, we are committed to protecting your privacy and the personal information that you may provide as you access and use the information on any website (“site”) owned or operated by IVF Canada. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. By accessing, browsing and/or using this site you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Agreement and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Please read this Privacy Agreement carefully and be aware that IVF Canada may, in its sole discretion, amend this Privacy Agreement at any time without notice by updating this posting. Any material changes to our policy will be reflected on this page, so that you remain informed about the information we collect and how we use it. This Site may contain links to external sites, which sites are not governed by this privacy policy, and IVF Canada does not take responsibility for the privacy practices of any third party sites to which we link. The following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect and how is it being used?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the IVF Canada website, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the IVF Canada website, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement.
IVF Canada collects information from our users when they create their account for this Site, when they request copies of publications, or seek additional information. Some of our Site’s registration, enrollment, account setup and other forms may ask users to give us contact information, unique personal identifiers, financial information, subject areas of interest and/or demographic information.
We sometimes aggregate demographic information, so that we may better understand the user population of our Site, identify subject areas of interest, and determine whether the Site is designed to work with the computer settings of a majority of our visitors. IVF Canada also may conduct user surveys on the Web, which usually are intended to provide us with information on a number of areas
Any personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, subject areas of interest, etc., allows IVF Canada to inform you about updates to the service and to notify you about other products and services offered by IVF Canada that may be of interest to you. We will not sell, share, or rent or otherwise make available any of that information to other parties, except that we may disclose the information to third parties who perform services on our behalf in connection with the Site and have a need to access the information in connection with those services. In addition, IVF Canada may disclose contact information for you in response to inquiries by bona-fide rights owners in connection with allegations of infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights arising from information that you have posted on the Site or otherwise provided to IVF Canada. Individuals that subscribe to e-mail newsletters are given the opportunity to opt-out of promotions, news, and information at the time of sign up. Our Site also provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the points where we request information.
What are cookies?
IVF Canada may use browser cookies and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the site. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent by your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Our Site may use cookies to store pertinent user information during a session to speed navigation and keep track of items; by using cookies IVF Canada may provide users with a higher quality, more relevant, customer experience. For instance, cookies may allow IVF Canada to automate entry into password protected portions of the Site so as to eliminate the need to re-enter a password each time you visit the IVF Canada website. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, certain sections or functionalities of the Site may be inaccessible to you and your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
E-Mail Addresses
We may collect the e-mail addresses at the point of subscription, of users who wish to receive e-mail notification of publications and press releases in identified subject areas of interest, and of those who send us e-mail messages. However, we will not share any e-mail addresses with any third party or send unsolicited e-mail to any of the addresses we collect, except in very limited circumstances as set forth in this policy. Only authorized IVF Canada personnel are provided access to personally-identifiable information and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these precautions, however, IVF Canada cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personally identifiable information.
When you request information from IVF Canada and supply information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you, you are agreeing to share that information with IVF Canada, its agents, representatives and affiliates. IVF Canada may aggregate personally identifiable information and may disclose such information in aggregate for marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.
Compliance with Law
IVF Canada complies with all applicable privacy laws and regulations. IVF Canada may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(1) Comply with law or comply with legal process served upon us or our agents, representatives and affiliates,
(2) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on IVF Canada
(3) Protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users or
(4) Identify persons who may be violating the law, the IVF Canada legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the IVF Canada wesite or its related properties,
(5) Protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Also, in the event of a violation of the terms and conditions of use of this Site or a violation of any restrictions on use of materials provided in or through this Site, we may disclose personal user information to our affected business partners or legal authorities. IVF Canada would like to keep your personal information accurate. Therefore, IVF Canada allows you to correct or change personal identifiable information collected by us by replying to any IVF Canada email.
IVF Canada uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. IVF Canada reserves the right to transfer all such information in connection with the sale of all or part of IVF Canada’s capital stock or assets. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
International Transfer of Information
IVF Canada is a Canadian company. In the event IVF Canada becomes a global concern, information collected on this Site may be transferred from time to time among the GIVF Canada offices located throughout the world, including offices located outside the European Economic Area, and the Site may be viewed and hosted anywhere in the world, including countries that may not have laws regulating the use and transfer of personally-identifiable data. By using the Site and submitting information on it, you voluntarily consent to such international transfer and hosting of such information.
Links to Other Web Sites
IVF Canada is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any non-IVF Canada websites to which we link from this Site. IVF Canada does not share any of the individual personal information you provide IVF Canada with the third parties to which IVF Canada links, except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy, although IVF Canada may share general, aggregate data with such third parties (such as how many people use our site). Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Children
IVF Canada understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, particularly in their online interactions. This website is not designed for and does not intentionally target or solicit to children 18 years of age and younger.
Use of IVF Canada Sites
Your access to and use of the Site(s) are subject to certain terms and conditions, which are summarized in our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the IVF Canada website, you consent to the collection and use of information by IVF Canada as specified above. We reserve the right to modify this policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or IVF Canada’s practices as we operate this Site, please send inquiries to: info@ivfcanada.com.
2347 Kennedy Road, Suite 304 Toronto, Ontario, M1T3T8
Tel: 416 754 1010
Fax: 416 321 1239
7191 Yonge St., Suite 1111, Markham, ON
L3T 0C4
Tel: 905 597 7661
Fax: 905 597 7662
Email: info@ivfcanada.com
About
News
Funding & Fees
Family Planning
Treatments
Patient Testimony
Submit Patient Testimony
Career
Contact Us
Newsletter signup
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Website Design by Kinex Media
Close
newsletter sign up