http://jeantweed.com/website-terms-of-use-and-policy/
×
Menu
Who we are
Our history
Contact us
Our facilities
Our team
Annual Report
Strategic Plan
Newsletters
I want help
Programs
Referrals
Joyce Shipley Education Fund for Women
Yoga
Newsletters
How you can help
Resources
Program Schedule
Events
close
By using this website you accept that you understand, accept, and agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of the Jean Tweed Centre.
Terms of Use
The terms “us”, “we” or “our” refers to The Jean Tweed Centre, the owner of this website. All of the content on this website is subject to copyright and owned by The Jean Tweed Centre unless otherwise stated.
The Jean Tweed Centre hosts this website in order to provide information about the services and resources available at The Jean Tweed Centre. We attempt to ensure that all information on this site is accessible, current at the time of posting, and reliable.
As a User of this Site you are granted a limited license to use our content for personal non-commercial use only. You may only use the content on the site in its original form; you may not edit or modify it. You may not upload, post, or publish the content of this website without first receiving written consent from The Jean Tweed Centre.
Our website contains our service marks and trademarks as well as those of our affiliate organizations. Your use of our website does not constitute the right for you to use any such trademarks without prior written permission.
Our website contains links to third party websites; these links are provided for your information. We do not necessarily have affiliations with these organizations. The inclusion of these links does not constitute our recommendation, guarantee, or endorsement of these third party websites.
The legal terms presented here have been executed in Ontario, Canada and as such the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada are applicable therein and govern this Agreement and any dispute or claim based on the content of our website.
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our clients and users of our materials is very important to the Jean Tweed Centre. This privacy policy governs the manner in which The Jean Tweed Centre collects, uses, maintains, or discloses information collected by the user.
This website contains links to other sites, upon entering these third party sites you are subject to the privacy policies of that site.
We may collect personal information, including name, address, and telephone number in order to provide you with more information about our services or in order for you to subscribe to our newsletter. We will collect this information from you only if you voluntarily submit it. We only use this personal information for the purposes for which it was collected. Our site does not use or collect web browser cookies.
The Jean Tweed Centre gathers non-personal identification information concerning traffic on the website for statistical analysis. This type of information includes the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about the means used to access our site. This information is gathered in order to provide a better user experience to those who access our site.
The Jean Tweed Centre uses appropriate data collection and storing practices to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information.
The Jean Tweed Centre has the right to change these policies at any time. The last update to our terms of use and privacy policy was May 29th 2019.
If you have any questions or concerns about the terms of use and privacy policy or the practices of this site please contact:
Privacy Officer,
privacy@jeantweed.com
Phone: 416-255-7359,
Fax: 416-255-9021
×
newsletter sign up
Yes, sign me up!
Submit
close