https://jonsplace.org/privacy-policy
HOME
FTC DISCLAIMER
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
ABOUT JON
CONTACT JON
HOME
SONGS
Contents1 Introduction2 Cookies and Web Beacons3 Ads that Appear On JonsPlace.org4 Your Consent To Our Privacy Policy4.1 Like this:
Introduction
We feel and know that your privacy is the utmost importance to you, that is why at JonsPlace.org request only the personal information that is needed for your secure interaction with our website. We provide as many security measures to make sure that we maintain the privacy and safety of your personal data that may be stored on our website.
Here we would like to outline the types of personal information that we receive and collect through our website and how that information is then used.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Our website does use cookies, this is a small bit of code that tracks user interaction and collects data about our users. This information is then stored on your web browser.
We collect data to make sure we are providing you with the most accurate and suitable content for you. The data we collect is not and will never be used to retrieve sensitive information about you, such credit card details, our home address or any social security numbers.
Ads that Appear On JonsPlace.org
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our website.
We run a number of advertising programs through this website and our partners may include Google Adsense, ShareASale, MarketHealth, Commission Junction, Clickbank, Amazon and other useful resources that we feel offer the user benefit material, goods or services.
However, if we see a lack of interest in any particular product, we shall discontinue that program.
The third-party servers or Ad-Networks use technology so that the advertisers are able to match the links with visitors to their websites, through your browser.
When this happens, they will automatically receive your IP address.
By receiving your IP address, they are able to ascertain which country you’re from and which language the adverts shall appear in.
By understanding the way in which a user arrives on a website, where they go on that website and if any advertisement is clicked on the advertising company are then able to change and alter current adverts to test which ones are more than likely to click on the advert. Your advertising will then become more and more personalised.
Our website has no control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. If you are concerned at all with this, we strongly advise that you disable cookies on your computer to protect yourself.
To control cookies you would have to go to the options tab related to privacy, security, or general settings.
The privacy policy of JonsPlace.org does not apply to, and we are unable to control the activities of the advertiser’s website or other websites.
Your Consent To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is only relevant to our clients’ private information when entered and stored through our website. If there is any data that has been collected offline then this is not covered under the JonsPlace.org Privacy Policy.
By becoming a user of this website you are consenting to the Privacy Policy of JonsPlace.org. does not apply to, and we are unable to control the activities of the advertiser’s website or other websites.
If you are uncertain about controlling the settings on your browsers with respect to cookies and tracking, you will need to consult further information about browser settings.
About Author Latest PostsAbout Jon HolmanJon Holman is an avid gym user, parent, traveller, supplement user, 'REMAINER' and most importantly a man who wants to 'Give Back' to future generations (and current), by supplying factual information about products he wishes he knew about in his youth!
When he is not writing on this blog, he can be found on a golf course, walking his dog, playing tennis, or in a gym keeping fit and healthy.
Learn more about him on the About PageMain Theme From Braveheart – A Great Song to Listen To - October 11, 2018Can You Hear Me? Excellent, Welcome To JonsPlace.org - October 10, 2018Like this:Like Loading...HELLO & WELCOME
My name is Jon and I’m the author/owner of JONS PLACE, a personal blog with advice and my opinion of the world around, as well as some personal media choices to look through. Learn more about me on my about page, and please do leave comments!
EZ Fat Footer #1
This is Dynamik Widget Area. You can add content to this area by going to Appearance > Widgets in your WordPress Dashboard and adding new widgets to this area.
EZ Fat Footer #2
This is Dynamik Widget Area. You can add content to this area by going to Appearance > Widgets in your WordPress Dashboard and adding new widgets to this area.
HOME
FTC DISCLAIMER
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
ABOUT JON
CONTACT JON
error: Content is protected !!
%d bloggers like this: