https://karinyahouse.asn.au/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the karinyahouse.asn.au website (the “Service”) operated by Karinya House Home For Mothers & Babies Inc (“Karinya House”, “us”, “we”, or “our”).
These Terms and Conditions which, together with our Privacy Policy, apply to your use of the Karinya House website and other websites, mobile sites, applications and services made available by us (“the site”).  Your use of the site is deemed to be your conclusive acceptance of the Terms and Conditions.
Karinya House is a registered charity with the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission, located in Australia and operating under the Australian Business Number 19 764 870 539.
Friends and Supporters of Karinya House
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service. You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Donations & payments
Any donations made through the Karinya House website using a credit card or bank account are final. If you become aware that your credit card has been lost, stolen or is being used fraudulently, it is your responsibility to report the issue to your financial institution.
We do not store your credit card details. All online credit card transactions performed on this site are secured payments and use the eWAY gateway, which provides enhanced security against online fraud. However, we provide no warranty as to its safety or security.
Refunds
Unfortunately Karinya House is not able to offer refunds for any donations made.
Restrictions and limitations of liability
Karinya House does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy, reliability or completeness of the information and materials in this website and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in such information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied, express or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given in conjunction with the information and materials. Karinya House does not make any representation, warranty or endorsement of any of the products, services or information provided in this website. This disclaimer shall take effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Karinya House has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Karinya House shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Privacy Policy
To improve your experience on our site, we may use ‘cookies’. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
The site may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
The site uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Karinya House also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Australian Capital Territory, Australia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These
Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Sign up for email updates
Subscribe