http://kcsara.org/policies
HomeUnitsTrainingFundingMediaContactsHelp
Security & PrivacyProtecting your privacy is important. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand our Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.Why we collect personal informationThe easiest way to protect personal information would be to simply not collect any. Unfortunately that's not possible. We need to collect personal information in order to provide you some of the services available on our site. In addition, some information is automatically collected in the course of serving web pages. So we collect the minimum amount of personal information possible, to provide you with the best service possible.KCSARA does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information.How we collect personal informationWe collect information about you in several ways. For example, when you correspond with us to request access to post to the wikis on our site, we'll ask for your contact information. Future additions to our site might also require you to enter persoanl information to indicate to readers who posted what content.When you browse our web site, you are able to do so anonymously. Generally, we don't collect personal information when you browse - not even your email address. Your browser, however, does automatically tell us the type of computer, operating system, and internet protocol address you are using.Like many web sites, the kcsara.org web site uses "cookie" technology. When you first login to our site, the cookie provides your browser with a unique, random number. Your browser then automatically send us this provided number with each request. By matching this number with information stored on our servers, we can maintain a relationship with your browser. For example, these cookies are used to maintain whether or not your browser is logged into our server.The cookies we use do not contain any personal information about you, only a randomly created unique identifier that we can match with information stored on our server. If your browser does not support cookies, or you have cookies turned off, this same randomly created unique identifier will be instead appended to every internal link within our site so that we can continue to offer you the same service.When we disclose personal informationBecause we do not operate alone, your personal information might be shared with KCSARA member units, KCSARA Administrators, and the King County Sheriff's Office.At times we may be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary for the public interest.Our web site contains links to other sites. KCSARA does not share the personal information we collect with those web sites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those organizations.How we protect your personal informationWe safeguard the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, and use a combination of letters and numbers.Access to your personal informationAt this time we only store the information you provide to us, and maintain links to content you have posted and the internet protocol address you have posted from. You always have access to your prior postings, and the option of replacing those postings. If you have any additional questions about access to your personal information, please email us at webmaster@kcsara.org.Our commitment to privacyIf we are going to use your personal information differently from that stated at the time of collection, we will try to contact you using the most recent information we have. If you have not given us permission to communicate with you, you will not be contacted, nor will we use your personal information in a new manner.The KCSARA Security & Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes. If you have any questions please email us at webmaster@kcsara.org.
Security & PrivacyRead our statement regarding security & privacy. Terms & ConditionsVisitors to this site should also read our terms & conditions. AccessibilityWe're proud to have set and adhere to an accessibility policy. Please read how we strive to serve all of our visitors. Underage VisitorsSome of the educational content on our site might not be appropriate for all visitors. Parents should read our policy on underage visitors. Last updated on March 18, 2014General ContactE-mail: info@kcsara.orgPhone: 425-298-7495WebmasterE-mail: webmaster@kcsara.org© 2001-2020, King County Search and Rescue Association.Please read our Policies page, and visit our Site Map.