https://kidney.org.au/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Before you download
We use your information to keep you updated on kidney health matters of interest to you. We will only ask you once and then you’ll be able to seamlessly download resources as you need. You are free to unsubscribe from our communications at any time.
Find out how we protect your information in our Privacy Policy.
Terms & Conditions
We are a not-for-profit organisation, incorporated as the Australian Kidney Foundation, trading as Kidney Health Australia. We are a company limited by guarantee.
Our Australian Business Number (ABN) is 37 008 464 426. Our Australian Company Number (ACN) is 008 464 426.
Our registered address is 125 Cecil Street, South Melbourne Victoria 3205.
We are governed by the principles set out in our constitution.
Copyright
Copyright applies to all information published by us, and must be observed. When quoting information from any of our publications or material, you must reference the source of the information.
There is no system of registration for copyright protection in Australia. Copyright law comes from the Copyright Act and from court decisions, and gives exclusive rights to license others in regard to copying the work, performing it in public, broadcasting it, publishing it and making an adaptation of the work. You can read the Copyright Act here >
Copyright material also enjoys protection under the laws of other countries who are signatories to certain international treaties, of which Australia is a member.
All information on this website is copyright and must not be used or referenced without our permission or appropriate referencing.
Refund policyIf for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase we will give you a 14 day money-back guarantee from the time you receive the goods. Please email us at store@kidney.org.au within that time if you are not satisfied with your purchase so that we can resolve any problems.
This refund policy does not apply to goods which have been worn or used, damaged after delivery, or if any attempt has been made to alter the product or if they have been dropped or broken. All products must be returned in their original condition. All postage and insurance costs are to be paid by the buyer. We recommend that you return the product via registered post and that you pre pay all postage.
You assume any risk of lost, theft or damaged goods during transit and therefore advise you take out shipment registration of insurance with your postal carrier. Kidney Health Australia will not be responsible or parcels lost or damaged in transit if you choose not to insure.Health education websites
Our vision is to help people with kidney disease in Australia and our region, with a view to improving their health outcomes and quality of life, and that of their families and carers.
We do this by developing and driving initiatives to ‘Prevent, Detect, Support’ and work collaboratively with a range of stakeholders and partners to carry out this critical task.
We have a rigorous quality assurance and approval process to ensure the health education information we present is evidence-based and reflects current best practice for each of our websites. This process includes:
Research, writing and editing – All kidney health resources are researched, written, edited and proofread by our publications editorial team who have extensive experience in the health sector.Verification (external) – All kidney health resources are checked and approved by external content experts who are specialists in their fields and include clinicians, academics and other allied health professionals.Verification (internal) – All kidney health resources are checked by our health publications editorial team and then referred to other areas of our organisation as appropriate.Reviews and updates – All kidney health resources are reviewed annually by external reviewers and approved by our health publications editorial team.Intellectual property
Intellectual property represents the property of one’s mind or intellect. It can be an invention, trademark, original design or the practical application of a good idea; this is known as proprietary knowledge, which is a key component of success today. You can see more about intellectual property here >
We have a number of trademarks, patents, design and copyrights that belong to us or are pending. You can see them by using the Australia Trade Mark Online Search System here >
Recommended weblinks
Our website contains links recommended websites for your convenience. Although the quality of these sites is checked by our health and medical team, we take no responsibility for their content or reliability and our listing of these sites should not be taken as our endorsement. Also be aware that other sites may link to our website without our knowledge or permission.
Social media guidelines
We reserve the right of our moderators to remove or ban any user of our social networks for violating any of our netiquette guidelines, or for any other behaviour deemed to be inappropriate. Our onsite social networks include Your Kidney Forum. This forum aims to give people in our kidney community an opportunity to gain emotional support, and to share their experiences with others who have a similar chronic health condition. Please note that Kidney Health Australia aims to provide a safe and secure forum. If you suspect inappropriate activity including scams or discussions that may involve illegal kidney transactions, please contact us at info@kidney.org.au or via phone 1800 454 363.
Our external social networks include Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
We encourage creative expression; however, as in any environment where people are given this freedom, conflict may arise. If an author uses language or materials that offend, then the material will not be displayed.
Please do not post content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, invasive to anyone's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable. Treat other people's privacy as you would your own.
Standards of health information
As an approved information partner of Health Direct Australia, our health and medical education information passes their strict quality assessment process. You can see more about Health Direct Australia here.
Use of this website
When you use our website, having your cookies enabled will allow us to maintain the continuity of your browsing session and remember your details when you return.
We may also use web beacons, Flash local stored objects and JavaScript. If you adjust your browser settings to block, reject or delete these functions, the webpage may not function in an optimal manner. We may also collect information about your IP address, although this may not identify you.
Use of this website is at the risk of the user and we do not take any responsibility for your privacy settings or computer settings and do not promise that the use of this website will be interruption or error free on your choice of device and with your choice of software.