https://kingmananimalhospital.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
Contact
Events
Blog
Online Store
Kingman Animal Hospital | Kingman, Arizona
Give Us a Call
928-757-4011
Search Lifelearn:
Search Site:
New Clients
What To Expect
Take A Tour
Payment Options
About Us
Location &
Hours
Our Team
Pet Services
Pet Health
Interactive Animal
Breed Info
Pet Health Library
Videos
Pet Health Checker
News
Anipanion
Links
Privacy
Home » Privacy
Privacy Policy for Kingman Animal Hospital
Privacy of personal information is an important principle to the Kingman Animal Hospital. We are committed to collecting, using and disclosing personal information responsibly and only to the extent necessary for the services we provide. We also try to be open and transparent as to how we handle information. This document describes our privacy policies.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes information that relates to the person’s characteristics (e.g., gender, age, income, home address or phone number, ethnic background, family status), health (e.g., health history, health conditions, health services received by them) or their activities and views (e.g., religion, politics, opinions expressed by an individual, an opinion or evaluation of an individual). Personal information is to be contrasted with business information (e.g., an individual’s business address and telephone number), which is not protected by privacy legislation.
What Information is Protected?
Kingman Animal Hospital is responsible for protecting any of your personal information that it has in its possession. This includes all personal information collected for or submitted to a third party to which you have consented (example – laboratory samples).
Collecting and Using Your Personal Information:
We collect and use your personal information to:
Verify your identity
Comply with federal, provincial, local law and by-law requirements
Bill goods and services
Collect unpaid accounts
Send out health care reminders
Make referrals to veterinary specialists and/or laboratories
Verify information with grooming or boarding facilities
Your personal information may be collected, used or disclosed for any of the purposes identified above. If your personal information is not required for one of these purposes, we will not use or disclose it without your prior consent.
How Do We Gather Your Personal Information?
From you when you become a client at our clinic
From reporting agencies (i.e. local humane societies, public health authorities)
Your Consent
We require your consent before we may collect, use or disclose any of your personal information, except under special circumstances, including police and/or cruelty investigations or other situations permitted by law.
How Do You Provide Us with Your Consent?
Your signature, as provided on a specific “Consent” document
Your written, verbal, or implied consent obtained during an appointment
Your consent as provided by persons authorized by you to make decisions on your behalf
Accuracy
Kingman Animal Hospital will make every reasonable effort to ensure that the personal information collected will be as accurate, complete and as up-to-date as possible for the purposes for which the information is to be used.
Safeguards
Kingman Animal Hospital shall safeguard and protect all personal information under its control by implementing appropriate security measures based on the sensitivity of information.
Kingman Animal Hospital shall ensure that its employees keep all personal information confidential and comply with the security standards established by this veterinary facility.
Kingman Animal Hospital shall require that third parties to whom personal information is disclosed have committed to an appropriate level of security (which may include execution of a confidentiality covenant) in protection of such information.
On the disposal or destruction of personal information, Kingman Animal Hospital shall take the necessary precautions to prevent third parties from accessing such information and to maintain the confidentiality of this personal information.
Transparency
Kingman Animal Hospital will make specific information about our privacy policies and procedures available to any interested individual. Kingman Animal Hospital will facilitate access to its personal information policies and procedures, including the identity of our Privacy Officer. Kingman Animal Hospital will also ensure that individuals are able to gain access to their own personal information.
Individual Access to Personal Information
An individual providing personal information to Kingman Animal Hospital will be informed of our personal information policy. This individual can access the information in order to ensure its accuracy and completeness, and shall be permitted to have it amended if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Kingman Animal Hospital will respond promptly to any request made by an individual to access his or her personal information.
Kingman Animal Hospital will maintain a full record of all third parties to whom personal information has been disclosed, and will make this record available to an individual whose personal information has been so disclosed.
Questions and Concerns Regarding Compliance with this Policy
An individual providing personal information to Kingman Animal Hospital may address any questions, concerns or complaints to the Privacy Officer. Kingman Animal Hospital will establish a procedure for processing any complaint about this personal information policy to ensure that all complaints are dealt with in an objective, fair and effective manner.
Privacy Officer Contact Information:
Kingman Animal Hospital
1650 E. Northern Ave
Kingman, AZ 86409
Phone: 928-757-4011
Fax: 928-757-7220
Share
Print this page
Email this page to a friend
Share this page on Facebook
Share this page on Twitter
Share this page on Google Plus
In the NewsKeeping Your Pets Warm and Safe from Winter WorriesDecember 10, 2020Not everyone has to experience winter’s wrath of snow, ice, rain, and windchill,…Follow us on TwitterLike us on FacebookFollow us on YouTubeFollow us on Google+
LocationKingman Animal Hospital1650 E. Northern Ave Kingman, Arizona, 86409
Location Hours
Monday8:00am – 5:00pm
Tuesday8:00am – 5:00pm
Wednesday8:00am – 5:00pm
Thursday8:00am – 5:00pm
Friday8:00am – 5:00pm
SaturdayClosed
SundayClosed
Emergency On Call options for clients available after hours by calling 928-716-1362 After 9:00 pm call Eastern Veterinary Emergency Hospital 702-262-7090
RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Flickr
Contact
About
Privacy
Sitemap
© Copyright 2020 ePet Websites | Powered by WebDVM