https://learn2workathome.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Your cart0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
cbse model question papers for class 9 2012 term 1
subaction showcomments cialis thanks newest
admissions counselor cover letter examples
thesis typing centre delhi
2020-2021 common app essay prompts
follow site
https://cwstat.org/termpaper/nhs-essay-length/50/
https://tffa.org/businessplan/essay-on-the-flower/70/
go to link
critical essay on the stranger
cheap viagra tablet
scholarships writing essays
how to write a letter about yourself to an employer
https://pharmacy.chsu.edu/pages/writing-an-introduction/45/
http://yogachicago.com/pills/generic-medicine-of-kamagra-in-belarus/25/
viagra erection for 4 hours
compare & contrast essay topics
thesis for argumentative essay generator
pastillas alternativas al viagra
sublingual viagra tabs
https://chicagocounseling.org/11130-best-best-essay-writer-services-ca/
2mm retrolisthesis of c3 and c4
where to buy resume paper
https://www.nationalautismcenter.org/letter/chemistry-dissertation/26/
https://eventorum.puc.edu/usarx/viagra-single-packs/82/
homework phobia
can i buy viagra in spain over the counter
how much does doxycycline 100mg cost
here
https://academicminute.org/paraphrasing/new-movie-re/3/
enter
viagra hong kong pharmacy
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
My Account
Login
Home Author Order Now FAQsProgram Course
Blog Contact Career
Terms and Conditions
This website commerce system is managed by Park-Youhanaie Enterprises, Inc.
Return Policy
There are NO REFUNDS on any digital downloads or hardware/software.
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments.
Toll Free: (866) 365-3843 (between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Mountain Time)
Local: (480) 759-1285
Fax: (480) 393-1801
Email: MedTrans1@cox.net
Pricing and Availability Policy
Pricing Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Park-Youhanaie Enterprises, Inc. to accept or decline your order for any reason at any time. Park-Youhanaie Enterprises, Inc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
All orders placed (in U.S. denomination) must obtain verification pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. If additional information is necessary, we will contact you via email at the email address provided on your order. Shipping and delivery timeframes quoted on the site will not begin until appropriate approval and verification of your order has been obtained.
Availability Policy
On occasion, your order may be out of stock. In this event, we will notify you via email with the status of your order. If the expected delivery date of the item is within 30 days, we will place your order on backorder and notify you when it ships. If you wish to cancel your order while on backorder status, please see email customerservice@learn2workathome.com. If the expected delivery date of the item is greater than 30 days, we will notify you that the order has been cancelled due to an out of stock status. All notifications will take place via email.
Errors and Omissions Policy
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a display or typographical error, or an error in pricing information received from our suppliers, or store partners, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of your original charge.
Payment Options
We accept the following major credit cards: Visa and MasterCard. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with Park-Youhanaie Enterprises, Inc. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (as they appear on your credit card statement). Incorrect information may cause a delay in processing your order or failure to complete your order request.
Charging Your Credit Card
Upon authorization of your order, your credit card will be charged for the total order amount.
Park-Youhanaie Enterprises, Inc. will be the name appearing on your credit card statement as the billing company.
While we make every attempt to fill all orders placed, some items may be delayed or backordered. If this is the case, you will receive notification via email.
If you do not wish to wait due to the delay or backorder, you may request a cancellation for your order, provided that the item(s) has not shipped. If we do not hear from you before we ship the item(s), we will assume you have agreed to the shipment delay.
If we cannot deliver your item(s) within 30 days of the order date, delay notice or backorder notification (whichever is greater), a cancellation will be processed automatically. You will receive a prompt refund for any unshipped portion of your order. Please allow up to two billing cycles for the refund credit to appear on your credit card statement.
Please feel free to place a new order at any time.
Privacy Statement
We at Park-Youhanaie Enterprises have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to individual privacy. The following discloses our information – gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
Personal Info & Its Use
Park-Youhanaie Enterprises may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. Your IP address may be used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. Our site may use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their e-mail address), unique identifiers (like a password), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We do not market this information to any outside companies. In some instances, we may share some of this information with certain Marketing Partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor, when necessary.
Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the delete/deactivate section below.
Demographic and profile data may also be collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitors’ experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in and displaying the content according to their preferences. This is designed to enhance the shopping experience.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitors’ contact information (like their e-mail address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). We may also collect demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
At times, Park-Youhanaie Enterprises may conduct user surveys. When we do, we gather that information in order to help evolve our business model. At no time do we sell any personal information, but we may share that information with Business Partners.
We may, at times, use the demographic information we gathered as a marketing or promotional tool. When we do that, we will make sure it remains entirely anonymous.
From time-to-time, Park-Youhanaie Enterprises may run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their e-mail address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our Park-Youhanaie Enterprises and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. See the delete/deactivate section below.
Park-Youhanaie Enterprises also allows any customer to create an account with Park-Youhanaie Enterprises. This allows the user to simplify his or her purchase process at any Park-Youhanaie Enterprises site. All the information that a customer may supply when creating an account will be held in the strictest confidence. It will be used simply to manage the payment of orders and the shipping of same Park-Youhanaie Enterprises does not share any private financial information about its customers with any outside company or agency unless required by law. We may share other information with marketing partners.
Opt Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. Please e-mail Customer Service at customerservice@learn2workathome.com.
Links
Pages at this site may contain links to other sites. Park-Youhanaie Enterprises is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Delete/Deactivate
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications. Please e-mail Customer Service at customerservice@learn2workathome.com.
Change/Modify
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Please e-mail Customer Service at customerservice@learn2workathome.com. Be sure to indicate the exact nature of your request to modify. A Customer Service agent will contact you in order to expedite your request with all deliberate speed.
Contacting Park-Youhanaie Enterprises
If you have any questions about this Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, click here to contact us.
Go to Top