https://legal.market-storm.com?bid=70
Marketstorm
Top
Privacy Policy
T&C's
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Acceptable Use Policy
Refund Policy
Home
Member Login
MarketStorm
Legal Information
2nd Floor College House · 17 King Edwards Road · Ruislip, London, Ha4 7AE ·
hello@market-storm.com
You have been referred from this page: my-psychologist.com
Please note that my-psychologist.com is the sole property of Marketstorm Ltd. The legal information on this page is that of Marketstorm, but it is also valid for my-psychologist.com. That means every instance of market-storm.com can and should be seen as synonymous with my-psychologist.com.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how Marketstorm Ltd ("Marketstorm Ltd", "we", "us" or "our") collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you ("User", "you" or "your") may provide on the market-storm.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services"). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Automatic collection of information
When you visit the Website our servers automatically record information that your browser sends. This data may include information such as your device's IP address, browser type and version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Website, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Collection of personal information
You can visit the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If, however, you wish to use some of the Website's features, you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail address). We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you create an account, make a purchase,
or fill any online forms on the Website.
When required, this information may include your email address, name, phone number, address, credit card information,
or other Personal Information. You can choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Website's features. Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.
Managing personal information
You are able to access, add to, update and delete certain Personal Information about you. The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Website or Services change. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Some information may remain in our private records after your deletion of such information from your account. We will retain and use your Personal Information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.
Use and processing of collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; improve our Website; improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers; process transactions; send newsletters; send notification emails such as password reminders, updates, etc;
run and operate our Website and Services. Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Website usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
We may process Personal Information related to you if one of the following applies: (i) You have given your consent for one or more specific purposes. Note that under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases below. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to European data protection law; (ii) Provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; (iii) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us; (v) Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Information transfer and storage
Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own. You are entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by us to safeguard your information. If any such transfer takes place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section.
The rights of users
You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent; (iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing; (iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it; (vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us; (vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that your information is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
The right to object to processing
Where Personal Information is processed for the public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. You must know that, however, should your Personal Information be processed for direct marketing purposes, you can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether we are processing Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, you may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible.
Billing and payments
We use third-party payment processors to assist us in processing your payment information securely. Such third-party processors' use of your Personal Information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as this Privacy Policy. We suggest that you review their respective privacy policies.
Privacy of children
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through our Website or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through our Website or Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through our Website or Service, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your Personal Information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).
Newsletters
We offer electronic newsletters to which you may voluntarily subscribe at any time. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by contacting us. However, you will continue to receive essential transactional emails.
Cookies
The Website uses "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to operate our Website and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit internetcookies.org
In addition to using cookies and related technologies as described above, we also may permit certain third-party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on the Website. These companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track user behavior.
Do Not Track signals
Some browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Tracking is not the same as using or collecting information in connection with a website. For these purposes, tracking refers to collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move across different websites over time. How browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal is not yet uniform. As a result, this Website is not yet set up to interpret or respond to Do Not Track signals communicated by your browser. Even so, as described in more detail throughout this Policy, we limit our use and collection of your personal information.
Advertisement
We may display online advertisements and we may share aggregated and non-identifying information about our customers that we collect through the registration process or through online surveys and promotions with certain advertisers. We do not share personally identifiable information about individual customers with advertisers. In some instances, we may use this aggregated and non-identifying information to deliver tailored advertisements to the intended audience.
Affiliates
We may disclose information about you to our affiliates for the purpose of being able to offer you related or additional products and services. Any information relating to you that we provide to our affiliates will be treated by those affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Links to other websites
Our Website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third-parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect Personal Information.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.
Data breach
In the event we become aware that the security of the Website has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will post a notice on the Website.
Legal disclosure
We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user account, and Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred.
Changes and amendments
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Information. When changes are made, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Website or Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Data in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Data was collected.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may send an email to hello@market-storm.com
This document was last updated on November 27, 2019
...
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between Marketstorm Ltd ("Marketstorm Ltd", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the market-storm.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
Accounts and membership
If you create an account on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and use our Services. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for our Services. We may block your email address and Internet protocol address to prevent further registration.
Billing and payments
You shall pay all fees or charges to your account in accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable. If auto-renewal is enabled for the Services you have subscribed for, you will be charged automatically in accordance with the term you selected. If, in our judgment, your purchase constitutes a high-risk transaction, we will require you to provide us with a copy of your valid government-issued photo identification, and possibly a copy of a recent bank statement for the credit or debit card used for the purchase. We reserve the right to change products at any time. We also reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
Accuracy of information
Occasionally there may be information on the Website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, availability, promotions and offers. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Website or on any related Service is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on the Website including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied on the Website should be taken to indicate that all information on the Website or on any related Service has been modified or updated.
Backups
We are not responsible for Content residing on the Website. In no event shall we be held liable for any loss of any Content. It is your sole responsibility to maintain appropriate backup of your Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on some occasions and in certain circumstances, with absolutely no obligation, we may be able to restore some or all of your data that has been deleted as of a certain date and time when we may have backed up data for our own purposes. We make no guarantee that the data you need will be available.
Advertisements
During use of the Website, you may enter into correspondence with or participate in promotions of advertisers or sponsors showing their goods or services through the Website. Any such activity, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such activity, is solely between you and the applicable third-party. We shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence, purchase or promotion between you and any such third-party.
Links to other websites
Although this Website may link to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein. Some of the links on the Website may be "affiliate links". This means if you click on the link and purchase an item, Marketstorm Ltd will receive an affiliate commission. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third-parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website. Your linking to any other off-site websites is at your own risk.
Prohibited uses
In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Website or its Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Intellectual property rights
This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Marketstorm Ltd or third-parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Marketstorm Ltd. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Marketstorm Ltd or Marketstorm Ltd licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services may be the trademarks of other third-parties. Your use of our Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Marketstorm Ltd or third-party trademarks.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Marketstorm Ltd, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for (a): any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if Marketstorm Ltd has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Marketstorm Ltd and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors, relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one pound or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Marketstorm Ltd for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Marketstorm Ltd and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third-party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website or Services or any willful misconduct on your part.
Severability
All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Dispute resolution
The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of United Kingdom without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of United Kingdom. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and federal courts located in United Kingdom, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.
Assignment
You may not assign, resell, sub-license or otherwise transfer or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, which consent shall be at our own sole discretion and without obligation; any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void. We are free to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third-party as part of the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or stock or as part of a merger.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Agreement or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to hello@market-storm.com
This document was last updated on November 27, 2019
...
Cookie Policy
This cookie policy ("Policy") describes what cookies are and how Marketstorm Ltd ("Marketstorm Ltd", "we", "us" or "our") uses them on the market-storm.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
You should read this Policy so you can understand what type of cookies we use, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding accepting or declining the use of cookies. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files that are saved on your computer or other devices when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to remember you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a "session cookie") or for multiple repeat visits (using a "persistent cookie").
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during the course of your visit to the Website, and they expire when you close the web browser.
Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our Website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer. They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our Website or using our Services.
Cookies may be set by the Website ("first-party cookies"), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website ("third party cookies"). These third parties can recognize you when you visit our website and also when you visit certain other websites.
What type of cookies do we use?
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies allow us to offer you the best possible experience when accessing and navigating through our Website and using its features. For example, these cookies let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access the content.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies let us operate the Website and our Services in accordance with the choices you make. For example, we will recognize your username and remember how you customized the Website and Services during future visits.
Do we use web beacons or tracking pixels?
Our emails may contain a "web beacon" (or "tracking pixel") to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements within the email.
We may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to users and to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them.
The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you should read the email in plain text view or with images disabled.
What are your cookie options?
If you don't like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser's settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies. To learn more about how to do this or to learn more about cookies, visit internetcookies.org
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to our use of cookies, you may send an email to hello@market-storm.com
This document was last updated on November 27, 2019
...
Disclaimer
This disclaimer ("Disclaimer", "Agreement") is an agreement between Marketstorm Ltd ("Marketstorm Ltd", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Disclaimer sets forth the general guidelines, terms and conditions of your use of the market-storm.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
Representation
Any views or opinions represented in this Website reflect the views and opinions of Marketstorm Ltd, its affiliates, Content creators or employees. Any views or opinions are not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.
Content and postings
You may not modify, print or copy any part of the Website. Inclusion of any part of this Website in another work, whether in printed or electronic or another form or inclusion of any part of the Website in another website by embedding, framing or otherwise without the express permission of Marketstorm Ltd is prohibited.
You may submit comments for the Content available on the Website. By uploading or otherwise making available any information to Marketstorm Ltd, you grant Marketstorm Ltd the unlimited, perpetual right to distribute, display, publish, reproduce, reuse and copy the information contained therein. You may not impersonate any other person through the Website. You may not post content that is defamatory, fraudulent, obscene, threatening, invasive of another person's privacy rights or that is otherwise unlawful. You may not post content that infringes on the intellectual property rights of any other person or entity. You may not post any content that includes any computer virus or other code designed to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any computer software or hardware.Compensation
This Website accepts forms of advertising. Advertising space will always be identified as such. Some of the links on the Website may be "affiliate links". This means if you click on the link and purchase an item, Marketstorm Ltd will receive an affiliate commission.Indemnification and warranties
While we have made every attempt to ensure that the information contained on the Website is correct, Marketstorm Ltd is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of this information. All information on the Website is provided "as is", with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event will Marketstorm Ltd, or its partners, employees or agents, be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information on the Website or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Furthermore, information contained on the Website and any pages linked to and from it are subject to change at any time and without warning.
We reserve the right to modify this Disclaimer relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Disclaimer on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Advertising companies on this site
Marketstorm Ltd rents out pages to local service providers and gives them the opportunity to utilize out website(s) as extra forms of online exposure. Marketstorm Ltd accepts no repsonsibility for the accuracy of information provided by any of these companies neither do we support their views on any matter. Marketstorm Ltd accepts no responsibility for the quality of work delivered or performed by any of these companies.
Acceptance of this disclaimer
You acknowledge that you have read this Disclaimer and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing the Website you agree to be bound by this Disclaimer. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Disclaimer, you are not authorized to use or access the Website.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Disclaimer or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to hello@market-storm.com
This document was last updated on November 27, 2019
Acceptable use policy
These acceptable use policy ("Acceptable Use Policy", "AUP", "Policy") is an agreement between Marketstorm ("Marketstorm", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Policy sets forth the general guidelines and acceptable and prohibited uses of the market-storm.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").
Prohibited activities and uses
You may not use the Services to publish content or engage in activity that is illegal under applicable law, that is harmful to others, or that would subject us to liability, including, without limitation, in connection with any of the following, each of which is prohibited under this Policy:
Distributing malware or other malicious code.
Disclosing sensitive personal information about others.
Collecting, or attempting to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.
Distributing pornography or adult related content.
Promoting or facilitating prostitution or any escort services.
Hosting, distributing or linking to child pornography or content that is harmful to minors.
Promoting or facilitating gambling, violence, terrorist activities or selling weapons or ammunition.
Engaging in the unlawful distribution of controlled substances, drug contraband or prescription medications.
Managing payment aggregators or facilitators such as processing payments on behalf of other businesses or charities.
Facilitating pyramid schemes or other models intended to seek payments from public actors.
Threatening harm to persons or property or otherwise harassing behavior.
Purchasing any of the offered Services on someone else’s behalf.
Misrepresenting or fraudulently representing products or services.
Infringing the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others.
Facilitating, aiding, or encouraging any of the above activities through our Services.
System abuse
Any User in violation of our Services security is subject to criminal and civil liability, as well as immediate account termination. Examples include, but are not limited to the following:
Use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security of the Services.
Intentionally or negligently transmitting files containing a computer virus or corrupted data.
Accessing another network without permission, including to probe or scan for vulnerabilities or breach security or authentication measures.
Unauthorized scanning or monitoring of data on any network or system without proper authorization of the owner of the system or network.
Service resources
You may not consume excessive amounts of the Services or use the Services in any way which results in performance issues or which interrupts the services for other Users. Prohibited activities that contribute to excessive use, include without limitation:
Deliberate attempts to overload the Services and broadcast attacks (i.e. denial of service attacks).
Engaging in any other activities that degrade the usability and performance of our Services.
No spam policy
You may not use our Services to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages. We maintain a zero tolerance policy for use of our Services in any manner associated with the transmission, distribution or delivery of any bulk e-mail, including unsolicited bulk or unsolicited commercial e-mail, or the sending, assisting, or commissioning the transmission of commercial e-mail that does not comply with the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 ("SPAM").
Your products or services advertised via SPAM (i.e. Spamvertised) may not be used in conjunction with our Services. This provision includes, but is not limited to, SPAM sent via fax, phone, postal mail, email, instant messaging, or newsgroups.
Sending emails through our Services to purchased email lists ("safe lists") will be treated as SPAM.
Defamation and objectionable content
We value the freedom of expression and encourages Users to be respectful with the content they post. We are not a publisher of User content and are not in a position to investigate the veracity of individual defamation claims or to determine whether certain material, which we may find objectionable, should be censored. However, we reserve the right to moderate, disable or remove any content to prevent harm to others or to us or our Services, as determined in our sole discretion.
Copyrighted content
Copyrighted material must not be published via our Services without the explicit permission of the copyright owner or a person explicitly authorized to give such permission by the copyright owner. Upon receipt of a claim for copyright infringement, or a notice of such violation, we will immediately run full investigation and, upon confirmation, will promptly remove the infringing material from the Services. We may terminate the Service of Users with repeated copyright infringements. Further procedures may be carried out if necessary. We will assume no liability to any User of the Services for the removal of any such material.
If you believe your copyright is being infringed by a person or persons using our Services, please send a report of the copyright infringement to the contact details listed at the end of this Policy.
Security
You take full responsibility for maintaining reasonable security precautions for your account. You are responsible for protecting and updating any login account provided to you for our Services. You must protect the confidentiality of your login details, and you should change your password periodically.
Enforcement
We reserve our right to be the sole arbiter in determining the seriousness of each infringement and to immediately take corrective actions, including but not limited to:
Suspending or terminating your Service with or without notice upon any violation of this Policy. Any violations may also result in the immediate suspension or termination of your account.
Disabling or removing any content which is prohibited by this Policy, including to prevent harm to others or to us or our Services, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Reporting violations to law enforcement as determined by us in our sole discretion.
A failure to respond to an email from our abuse team within 2 days, or as otherwise specified in the communication to you, may result in the suspension or termination of your Services.
Suspended and terminated User accounts due to violations will not be re-activated. A backup of User’s data may be requested, however it may be subject to certain penalty fees imposed according to the breach of this Policy terms. The final penalty fee will be determined by the type and frequency of the violations.
Nothing contained in this Policy shall be construed to limit our actions or remedies in any way with respect to any of the prohibited activities. We reserve the right to take any and all additional actions we may deem appropriate with respect to such activities, including without limitation taking action to recover the costs and expenses of identifying offenders and removing them from our Services, and levying cancellation charges to cover our costs. In addition, we reserve at all times all rights and remedies available to us with respect to such activities at law or in equity.
Reporting violations
If you have discovered and would like to report a violation of this Policy, please contact us immediately. We will investigate the situation and provide you with full assistance.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Website. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to hello@market-storm.com
This document was last updated on November 19, 2019
Refund policy
Since our Website offers non-tangible, irrevocable goods we do not provide refunds after the product is purchased, which you acknowledge prior to purchasing any product on the Website. Please make sure that you've carefully read service description before making a purchase.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us concerning any matter relating to this Refund Policy, you may send an email to hello@market-storm.com
This document was last updated on November 27, 2019