https://lenair.com/policies/
Policies
Terms of Use Agreement Email Privacy Policy Ecommerce Policy Disclaimers & Disclosures Member Review Disclosures
Terms of Use AgreementPlease read our Terms of Use Agreement before accessing our website. Entering the website constitutes agreement with these terms.This Disclaimer contains important information that needs to be shared with you and for you to understand. Please be advised of the following:Effective Date:  This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on 18 March 2017.This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use for The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center Online Service. By using the lenair.com website, you (“you” or the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement (“Amendments”) without prior notice.  Amendments shall become effective immediately upon being posted at lenair.com website. Your continued use of the Service after Amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its Amendments. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended. For the purposes of this Agreement, The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center and lenair.com are considered synonymous where appropriate.Description of ServiceThe Lenair Self(s) Healing Center is providing Member with website access. Member must provide (1)  all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees related to such connection. Disclaimer of Warranties.The site is provided by The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.  The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website.  The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable to the extent not allowed.Limitation of LiabilityTHE LENAIR SELF(S) HEALING CENTER SHALL NOT be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular THE LENAIR SELF(S) HEALING CENTER shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if THE LENAIR SELF(S) HEALING CENTER has been advised of the possibility of such damages. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY BE INAPPLICABLE.IndemnificationMember agrees to indemnify and hold The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.Modifications and Interruption to ServiceThe Lenair Self(s) Healing Center reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service in general or with regard to the specific Member with or without notice to the Member. The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center shall not be liable to Member or any third party should The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.Third-Party Sites Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties.  You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.  You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites.  Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources.  While The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of MassachusettsOur website is operated and provided in the State of Massachusetts.  As such, we are subject to the laws of the State of Massachusetts, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules.  We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations.  Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of Massachusetts. Compliance with Laws.Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws.  Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.Copyright and Trademark Information All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2012 The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, with all rights reserved, or is the property of The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights.  Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center is strictly prohibited.  Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center.Self(s)®, Poemantra® and Bible of Self(s)® are registered trademarks, and Hypnoparity™ is a trademark of The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center.  The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center’s trademarks, trade dress or look may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center.All other trademarks displayed on The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors.  In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with The Lenair Self(s) Healing CenterNotification of Claimed Copyright InfringementPursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.By Mail:Daniel N. Smith, Esq. New England Patent and Trademark 1 Salem Green, Suite 405 Salem, MA 01970 978.882.0160www.patentstrademarklaw.com smith@patentstrademarklaw.com Botnets The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and similar or related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.Other Terms If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent.  You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition.  This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member.  Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy statement.
Email Privacy PolicyWe have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.Why did you receive an email from us? If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.How we protect your privacy We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.Sharing and Usage We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.How can you stop receiving email from us? Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to abuse@constantcontact.com for review.Privacy Policy Changes This policy was created on December 5, 2010 and last modified on 18 March 2017.
Ecommerce PolicyPrivacy Policy The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center secures the personal information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number or personal data) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to other third party companies.Shipping & Delivery              Shipping & Delivery All products ship within 30 business days from the time the order is placed through this website unless otherwise indicated. Please allow 5-7 business days for shipping. Most products ship US or US Priority Mail; others via Fedex or UPS.
Shipping and handling charges are calculated per item and appear as part of the charge indicated through a PayPal button on our site. All charges for products, shipping and handling are subject to change with notice on our website.Return Policy Return Policy
All sales are final. Any consideration given to a return or credit is handled on a case-by-case basis. Because each bottle of essential oil is personally blessed, no oils that have been opened can be returned. There is a small sample of One Self(s) Scent available for purchase to test. There are no samples available for our oils that are infused with gems. Please send all inquiries to barry@lenair.com or call: 1.888.412.8392.Essential Oil Use & SafetyEssential Oil Use & Safety – For topical use only, thus never ingest. Some oils are combustible so keep away from fire and flame. Keep out of reach of children. If pregnant or under a doctor’s care, consult with your physician. It is highly unlikely that these oil blends would present any adverse effect, but it is best to do a skin test before using. To do so, place a small on your inner arm or back of knee. Discontinue use if redness, irritation, burning or itching occurs. Use sparingly. Keep away from eyes or mucous membranes. Never substitute for medical care.Products DisclaimerThe statements made on this web site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.  The products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease Keep all products away from children and pets. As with any natural product, they can be toxic if used improperly. The essential oils listed on this website are not food grade and should never be taken internally. The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center nor any of its representatives are responsible for the misuse of these products. It is solely the responsibility of buyer to understand what they are buying and how to handle and use these products.
Disclaimer The Self(s) Healing Experience and Rhonda Lenair are not substitutes or replacements for medical or psychological diagnosis, care, or any treatment by a licensed health care professional. The experience is not a therapy, treatment or program but an ‘experience’. If you are physically or mentally ill or have any symptoms, you should consult a licensed health care professional and not rely on this experience as it only complements traditional medical care and only with the approval of your doctor or chosen health care provider. Likewise, if you are pregnant, nursing or consenting to the evaluation of a child, you are advised to consult with a trained medical practitioner before implementing anything that comes through this experience. The services that SHE offers are not licensed or certified by any state or locale.  You should never engage in any spiritual ministration or other energy work without the prior knowledge or approval of your healthcare provider. You should never discontinue any treatment or medication that your licensed health care provider has prescribed. Rhonda Lenair is not a medical doctor and does not practice medicine and I acknowledge that she has not presented herself as a practitioner of allopathic medicine or any of its branches, naturopathic medicine, or a licensed, certified, or registered counselor. Rhonda holds no degrees, certificates, or licenses for the experience she offers. She is the founder of the Self(s) Healing Experience (SHE) and has been solely engaged in Self(s) transformational energy work since 1987.The services and experiences that Ms. Lenair and The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center offers are educational in nature, as such any recommendations and are designed only to help me achieve energetic stability, balance, and harmony. They are not intended to alleviate, administer to, cure, diagnose, heal, mitigate, prevent, relieve, or treat any ailment, complaint, defect, deformity, disease, injury, mental or physical condition, pain or symtpom. Likewise, any information derived through SHE – e.g. lifestyle changes and/or other feedback that comes forth through my system are for expressive associational, religious philosophical and for Self(s)/self-educational purposes, not medicinal, or curative purposes.If references to other resources for products or services are made, Ms. Lenair neither endorses nor guarantees such products or services: her intentions in identifying resources are purely informational and I have taken it as such.Members acknowledge: “I seek Ms. Lenair’s assistance freely and of my own accord without coercion and with full knowledge of the limitations of the services that Ms. Lenair offers.“During the course of any session, my system may produce metaphors or ‘Poemantras®’ (Self(s) composed poetic verse and insights that re-calibrate like a mantra). I understand that these writings are copyright material of The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center and may be used in accordance with copyright law; however, LSHC will not use any of these materials for any purpose if the material in any way references my name or likeness, or it can be inferred through these writings that they are about me, unless I provide specific written permission for it to be used. Likewise, I will not use these materials without written permission from Rhonda Lenair or LSHC and properly acknowledging and attributing its source, Rhonda Lenair.“I understand that fees for experiences in-person or on the phone are non-refundable. If I must rearrange my initial or any follow-up appointments or consultations, I am advised that a minimum 24-hour notice is required to avoid a fee from being charged to my credit card. However, fees for an initial in-office experience visit are not refundable with any notice. I also agree not to tape record any in-office sessions or SHEs via phone without express written permission.“Neither Ms. Lenair nor The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, nor any of its agents or employees offer any promises, warranties, assurances of the success or the outcome of any experience, session, consultation, or recommendations. Any experience can carry some risks. I have been fully informed of the possible consequences involved in the Self(s) Healing Experience by The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, may discuss them with staff of The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, and consent to such a program. I give my informed consent. I agree to hold Ms. Lenair, The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center, Inc. and its agents and employees free and harmless from any claims, demands or suits for damages for any injury or complication whatever that may result from such experience or recommendations, and from any adverse reaction I may have to any recommendations or other suggestions that come from my system in any format.”
Member Experience DisclosureThe endorsement by doctors and/or other medical and health professionals substantiate and reflect their personal opinions based on their personal association and results and/or those of their patients, friends, and/or families. The testimony of those who have gone through the Self(s) Healing Experience (formerly known as the ‘program’) is a sincere expression of the impact that the Self(s) Healing Experience has had on their life.Member experiences, testimonies and reviews that we cite represent what we believe to be a cross section of the range of results that appear to be typical. Results may vary depending upon use and commitment. We do not monitor or control the content of third party reviews but reserve the right to remove what are, in our sole opinion, clearly false statements, spam or other injurious materials that are brought to our attention. We do not adopt or endorse any review statement.About Ms. LenairRhonda Lenair has assisted tens of thousands over decades. There can be no assurance that any prior successes through the Self(s) Healing Experience can be used as an indication of your future success or results you will achieve. No clients or anyone else making statements about The Lenair Self(s) Healing Center or the Self(s) Healing Experience have been compensated for their  expressive association communications.