http://lenovo.acs.ie/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Wedgeville Ltd. trading as ACS
Current version published: 16 April 2019
Thank you for your interest in our company. Data protection is of a high priority for the management of ACS and we strive to be completely transparent with how we collect and use information we gather about you on this site. Your privacy is important to us and we respect your preferences.
By visiting the website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the practices of ACS, please do not access, view, visit, download, or otherwise interact with the website.
The processing of personal data, for example, the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to ACS.
Our Privacy Policy is organized as follows:
What Information do we Collect?
Main Uses of Information
What Information do we Disclose?
Cookies
Third Party Service
Security
Disclaimer
What information do we collect?
ACS collect data from customers when they register and make a purchase online. We also gather data about our customers from their use of the website. We use this data to corroborate our customers’ identity, process payments, manage orders including delivery, communicate with customers about orders, products, services and promotions. We also use this data to further develop this website to be of use to customers and to manage security. In addition, from time to time we may also market certain third party services through our site.
When you view this website by linking from another web page ACS may store the name of that web page for the purposes of internal administration and analysis. In order to process your registration and enable management of this website, your personal information may be passed to third party service providers who may process your information on our behalf and under our control. We may share non-personal, anonymous, aggregate statistics (group) data about visitors to this website, use and other traffic patterns with connected, or third parties.
By using this website you agree that any successor operator of the ACS business may use your personal information on the same basis as we do. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties except as outlined above or in the unlikely event that we are required to do so by the court order or other legal requirements.
You may notify ACS of any updates, amendments or corrections to your previously collected information by contacting us via the message section on this website.
Main Uses of Information
By registering with ACS you consent to our processing your information for the following purposes:
To evaluate and enhance the provision of our commercial activities, which may involve ACS representative contacting you;
To carry out basic checks to ensure that your details are genuine to prevent fraudulent use of credit or debit card information;
For market research, including statistical analysis of user behaviour which we may disclose to third parties in depersonalised aggregated form;
In order to enable us to comply with any requirements imposed on us by law.
In order to send you periodic communications (this may include e-mail) about features, products and services, events and special offers.
What Information do we Disclose?
ACS occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on its behalf’s, such as website hosting, packaging, mailing and delivering prizes, answering customer questions about products and services, and sending information about our products, special offers, and other services. We will only provide that companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Where necessary we may pass information to other companies within our group of companies, business partners and successors in title to our business, or as otherwise permitted under the DPA.
Should you choose to accept an offer from a third party, we will pass your relevant personal information, including your name, postal address, credit/debit card number and any other required billing information to that specific third party.
ACS may disclose information it has collected if required to do so by law, or in good faith if reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) respond to any claims, or (3) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Laptop Market, our customers, our suppliers or the public.
You may at any time deregister your subscription from ACS by following the “unregister” link on this website or on any e-mail you may receive from ACS.
Cookies
ACS uses cookies to store information essential for your user experience while browsing our websites. Cookies do not attach to your system or damage your files. They are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not in themselves recognise the individual user but will recognise the computer you are using so that we know when you are returning to the websites. Most browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you can change the settings on your browser to prevent this happening.
Third Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use & disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways & other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Ireland & your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are re-directed to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites & encourage you to read their privacy statements.Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about what type of person visits our site & what pages are being looked at. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Security
ACS takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users’ information with the aid of encryption software [SSL]. However, the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication and, accordingly Laptop Market cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to the ACS via the Internet. ACS is not responsible for any loss or damage you or others may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information.
Disclaimer
ACS does not guarantee the accuracy or validity of the information and materials on this website. ACS cannot be held responsible for any errors or omissions and accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage howsoever arising.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
ACS
Unit 11, Kinsealy Business Park,
Malahide, Fingal,
Co. Dublin.
K36F594
Phone: 00353 1 846 4200
Email: ronan@acs.ie
Search for:
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
SALE
Lenovo V530s-7ICR 11BM | Intel Core i5 9400
699.00€ 499.00€ with VAT: 603.79€
Lenovo ThinkStation P520c 30BX
1,645.00€ 995.00€ with VAT: 1,203.95€
Lenovo ThinkCentre M720s 10ST
865.00€ 565.00€ with VAT: 683.65€
Lenovo Tab M10 ZA5A
275.00€ 195.00€ with VAT: 235.95€
Lenovo ThinkCentre M920q 10RS
1,245.00€ 699.00€ with VAT: 845.79€
0