https://lgfb.org.au/privacy-policy/
We respect your privacy
Cancer Patients Foundation Limited respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our participants and website visitors. We adhere to the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). This Policy sets out how we collect and treat your personal information.
“Personal information” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you.
Collection of personal information
Cancer Patients Foundation Limited will, from time to time, receive and store personal information you enter onto our website, provided to us directly or given to us in other forms.
We collect personal information from people who are connected to our operations and activities including employees, donors, recipients of support services, health professionals, suppliers, volunteers and service providers.
You may provide basic information such as your name, phone number, address and email address to enable us to send information, provide updates and process your registration into a Look Good Feel Better workshop or request for a Home Delivered Confidence Kit. We may collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, when you change your content or email preferences, respond to surveys, provide financial or credit card information.
Additionally, we may also collect any other information you provide while interacting with us.
How we collect your personal information
Cancer Patients Foundation Limited collects personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you interact with us electronically, in person or via the phone, when you access our website and when we provide our services to you. We may receive personal information from third parties. If we do, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Why do we collect your personal information?
Cancer Patients Foundation Limited may use personal information collected from you to provide you with information, updates and our services.  We may also make you aware of new and additional products, services and opportunities available to you. And we may provide you with information to enable you to assist us with volunteering, fundraising and other activities where we seek the community’s assistance.  We may use your personal information to improve our services and better understand your needs.
Cancer Patients Foundation Limited may contact you by a variety of measures including, but not limited to telephone, email, sms or mail
Health information and other sensitive information
As part of administering our services, we may collect health information and other sensitive information. For example, we may collect medical information like the cancer for which you are being treated and ask you where you are receiving your cancer treatment. We will limit the collection of sensitive information to the minimum amount required to perform our services.
If making a donation via our website, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificates which is the industry standard for encrypting your credit card and debit card numbers, your name and address so that it cannot be viewed by any third party over the internet. Your financial information is encrypted on our servers and access to this information is restricted to our authorised staff only.
Website
When you visit our website
When you come to our website (www.lgfb.org.au) we may collect certain information such as browser type, operating system, website visited immediately before coming to our site, etc. This information is used in an aggregated manner to analyse how people use our site, such that we can improve our service.
Cookies
We may from time to time use cookies on our website. Cookies are very small files which a website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the site. Cookies are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website. Our website may from time to time use cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
Third party sites
Our site may from time to time have links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that Cancer Patients Foundation Limited is not responsible for the privacy practices of other such websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal identifiable information.
Disclosure of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.  Personal information is only supplied to a third party when it is required for the delivery of our services.
We may from time to time need to disclose personal information to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request.
We may also use your personal information to protect the copyright, trademarks, legal rights, property or safety of Cancer Patients Foundation Limited, www.lgfb.org.au, or third parties.
Information that we collect may from time to time be stored in countries outside of Australia.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the types of disclosure covered by this Policy. Where we disclose your personal information to third parties, we will request that the third party follow this Policy regarding handling your personal information.
Security of your personal information
Cancer Patients Foundation Limited is committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk. We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us or receive from us. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Access to your personal information
We will, upon your request, and subject to applicable privacy laws, provide you with access to your personal information that is held by us. However, we request that you identify, as clearly as possible, the type(s) of information requested. We will deal with your request to provide access to your personal information within 30 days and you agree we may charge you our reasonable costs incurred in supplying you with access to this information.
Your rights to access personal information are not absolute and privacy laws dictate that we are not required to grant access in certain circumstances such as where:
access would pose a serious threat to the life, safety or health of any individual or to public health or public safety
access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals
the request is frivolous or vexatious
denying access is required or authorised by a law or a court or tribunal order
access would be unlawful, or
access may prejudice commercial negotiations, legal proceedings, enforcement activities or appropriate action being taken in respect of a suspected unlawful activity or serious misconduct.
If we refuse to grant you access to your personal information, we will provide you with reasons for that decision (unless it is unreasonable to do so) and the avenues available for you to complain about the refusal.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Please be aware that we may change this Privacy Policy in the future. We may modify this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy.
Complaints about privacy
If you have any queries or would like to make a complaint regarding relating to our Privacy Policy or the manner in which we handle your personal information, please email info@lgfb.org.au.  We endeavour to respond to complaints and queries within fourteen days of their receipt. If you are dissatisfied with our response, you may refer the matter to the Australian Information (Privacy) Commissioner (see www.oaic.gov.au).
If you do not provide some or all of the personal information requested, we may not be able to offer you our service or provide you with information events, programs and projects.
Look Good Feel Better workshops are open to anyone undergoing treatment for any type of cancer.
Sign up to our newsletter
I'm subscribing to the newsletter because...
I want to participate in the program in the future
I have participated in the program previously (Male)
I have participated in the program previously (Female)
I have participated in the program previously (Teen)
I'm a health professional
I work in the media
I'm a Look Good Feel Better volunteer
I'm just interested in the program