https://livingessences.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
At Living Essences of Australian Flowers we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information
unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like
your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information
with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our
rights.
We don’t store personal information on our
servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our blogging products, we aim to make it
as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by
search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
If you have questions about deleting or
correcting your personal data please contact us.
Website
Visitors
Like most website operators, Living
Essences of Australian Flowers collects non-personally-identifying information
of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the
browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of
each visitor request. Living Essences of Australian Flowers’s purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Living
Essences of Australian Flowers’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Living
Essences of Australian Flowers may release non-personally-identifying
information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the
usage of its website.
Living Essences of Australian Flowers also
collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on
WordPress.com blogs. Living Essences of Australian Flowers only discloses
logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it
uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below,
except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and
disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering
of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Living Essences of
Australian Flowers’s websites choose to interact with Living Essences of
Australian Flowers in ways that require Living Essences of Australian Flowers
to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of
information that Living Essences of Australian Flowers gathers depends on the
nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog
at WordPress.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Living
Essences of Australian Flowers – by purchasing access to the Akismet comment
spam prevention service, for example – are asked to provide additional
information, including as necessary the personal and financial information
required to process those transactions. In each case, Living Essences of
Australian Flowers collects such information only insofar as is necessary or
appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Living
Essences of Australian Flowers. Living Essences of Australian Flowers does not
disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And
visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related
activities.
Aggregated
Statistics
Living Essences of Australian Flowers may
collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For
instance, Living Essences of Australian Flowers may monitor the most popular
blogs on the WordPress.com site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to
help identify spam. Living Essences of Australian Flowers may display this
information publicly or provide it to others. However, Living Essences of
Australian Flowers does not disclose personally-identifying information other
than as described below.
Protection
of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Living Essences of Australian Flowers
discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Living
Essences of Australian Flowers’s behalf or to provide services available at Living
Essences of Australian Flowers’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to
disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Living
Essences of Australian Flowers’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such
information to them. Living Essences of Australian Flowers will not rent or
sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Living Essences of Australian Flowers
discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental
request, or when Living Essences of Australian Flowers believes in good faith
that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Living
Essences of Australian Flowers, third parties or the public at large. If you
are a registered user of an Living Essences of Australian Flowers website and
have supplied your email address, Living Essences of Australian Flowers may
occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your
feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Living Essences
of Australian Flowers and our products. We primarily use our various product
blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type
of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support
email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish
it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support
other users. Living Essences of Australian Flowers takes all measures reasonably
necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or
destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a
website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides
to the website each time the visitor returns. Living Essences of Australian
Flowers uses cookies to help Living Essences of Australian Flowers identify and
track visitors, their usage of Living Essences of Australian Flowers website,
and their website access preferences. Living Essences of Australian Flowers
visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set
their browsers to refuse cookies before using Living Essences of Australian
Flowers’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Living Essences
of Australian Flowers’s websites may not function properly without the aid of
cookies.
Business Transfers
If Living Essences of Australian Flowers,
or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Living Essences of Australian Flowers goes out of business or enters
bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or
acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and
that any acquirer of Living Essences of Australian Flowers may continue to use
your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our
Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked
as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to
improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy
Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be
minor, Living Essences of Australian Flowers may change its Privacy Policy from
time to time, and in Living Essences of Australian Flowers’s sole discretion. Living
Essences of Australian Flowers encourages visitors to frequently check this
page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a WordPress.com
account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these
changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy
Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
**This Privacy Policy has been adapted from http://automattic.com/.  Our thanks to Automattic Inc for making this
available under Creative
Commons Sharealike license.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Search for:
Home
Flower Essences
Creams/Lotions
Sprays/Mists
Education
My Account
About us
Resources
What is a Flower Essence?
Personal Therapist
Wishlist
Contact Us
Privacy
Student Portal
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?