http://livingdonorsonline.org/legal-and-privacy-statements/
Disclaimers and Disclosures
Living Donors Online does not provide medical, psychological, legal, or financial advice. In no event should the participants in or the administrators of this site be deemed to practice medicine or law.
This site is intended as a neutral medium for the sharing of information only, and such information should not replace the diagnosis, advice, counsel, guidance, or treatment of qualified professionals. Information on this site is gathered from a variety of sources and should not be considered complete, current, or authoritative.
The services and information provided through this site are provided “AS IS” without warranty, express or implied. Living Donors Online hereby excludes all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular use or purpose with respect to the services and information. There are no warranties that extend beyond the face of this agreement. This site makes no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness, adequacy, and completeness or suitability of services and information.
This site does not recommend or endorse any opinions, products, or treatments. Relying on information from this site, site participants (especially in the LDO Message Board), and other visitors and content providers is done at your own risk.
Living Donors Online links to other sites but neither endorses those sites nor represents that the linked sites contain accurate, timely, or legally or medically sound information. Linked sites stand on their own and are separate and distinct from Living Donors Online.
While this site adheres to the free speech protections of the First Amendment of the Constitution of the United States of America, Living Donors Online reserves the right to monitor, edit, and delete content or messages deemed inappropriate, off-topic, harmful, offensive, or illegal. LDO Message Board participants leaving messages are responsible for the content of their messages and do not necessary reflect the views of Living Donors Online.
Privacy Statement
Living Donors Online will not sell, share, or rent information collected on this site to others.
We collect limited information when you register as an LDO Message Board user. Collection of this information is optional, since registration is optional, and is used only for administration of the message forum. Email addresses of registered users may be used periodically to alert users of changes, updates, and other information about Living Donors Online and living organ donation. Email addresses will never be given to third parties for any reason without requesting permission in advance. Users can unregister from the LDO Message Board by sending an email to Living Donors Online with a request to unregister.
At your option, you can complete a user profile visible to users of the LDO Message Board. Your name, gender, location, and personal web page are standard entries in the profile but are not required. This information is public but is not used by Living Donors Online in any way. We encourage filling out a profile to enhance the sense of community, but not completing a profile has no impact on your access to information or site features.
As a reminder, personal information (such as phone numbers and email addresses) disclosed online through the message forum and user profiles is public information. Such disclosure may increase your exposure to “spam” or unsolicited email. Use caution and discretion when disclosing personal information.
This site uses cookies in a limited manner. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on the site. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, you would not have to log in a password more than once in the LDO Message Board, thereby saving time. If you reject the cookie, which is possible depending on your browser security settings, you will still be able to use the site and participate in the message forum.
We use IP addresses to analyze usage trends, administer the site (including blocking abusers), and track user movement. This information is not linked to personal information in any way.
Living Donors Online links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, or lack thereof, of these linked sites.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post a notice of those changes in the News and Announcements section of the LDO Message Board for 30 days.