http://loinc.org/privacy-policy/
NEW KB ARTICLE: Abbreviations and acronyms used in LOINC
Log In
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
We care about your privacy, so we've created this Privacy Policy to help you in using our website
We respect the privacy of our visitors. We only collect personal information as needed to provide the information, service, or assistance that you request.
Information we collect automatically
If you visit our website to browse, read, or download information, then your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the:
Internet domain through which you access the Internet (e.g., yourServiceProvider.com if you use a commercial Internet service provider, or yourSchool.edu if you use an Internet account from your school);
Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using;
Type of browser software and operating system you are using;
Date and time you access our site including the duration of your access; and
The Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our site.
We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this site. For example, to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our site, ensure the site is working properly, help us make our site more accessible and useful, and to help us develop LOINC.
We will not use this information to identify individuals, except for site security or law enforcement purposes.
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information.
Other information we collect
If you choose to identify yourself (or otherwise provide us with personal information) when you use our online forms:
We will collect (and may retain) any personally identifying information, such as your name, street address, email address, and phone number, and any other information you provide. We will use this information to try to fulfill your request and may use it provide you with additional information at a later time. We will not disclose such information to third parties, except as specified in this privacy policy.
If you request information, services, or assistance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties that (in our judgment) are appropriate in order to fulfill your request. If, when you provide us with such information, you specify that you do not want us to disclose the information to third parties, we will honor your request. Note, that if you do not provide such information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to, or fulfill your request.
If your communication relates to a law enforcement matter, we may disclose the information to law enforcement agencies that we deem appropriate.
How long we keep information
We may keep information that we collect for an unlimited period of time.
Security
Please note that electronic communication, particularly email, is not necessarily secure against interception. Please do not send sensitive data (e.g., Social Security, health information, bank account, or credit card numbers) by email or web form.
Cookies
We may use secure cookies in order to customize this site for return visitors. Additionally, third-party widgets such as YouTube or Scribd may install cookies depending on their configuration.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies" (described above) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address and the other information listed above as “Information We Collect Automatically”) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.
For more information, please visit Google's Privacy Center.
Other third parties
LOINC may share your personally identifiable information with the following services. We do so in order to handle your requests. We require these organizations not to share any user data while also following necessary security protocols in handling private information.
Help Scout
Highrise
Mailchimp
Site monitoring
For site security purposes we may employ software programs to monitor network traffic. Anyone using this system consents to the monitoring by system or security personnel.
Unauthorized use, tampering with or modification of this system—or its supporting hardware or software—may violate federal or other statutes and may subject the violator to criminal and civil penalties. In the event of unauthorized intrusion, all relevant information regarding possible violation of law may be provided to law enforcement officials.
This information is used solely by Regenstrief Institute and the LOINC Committee. It is not provided to third parties. We use the information for LOINC development and Regenstrief's not-for-profit purposes.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change. You may contact us with any questions, concerns or comments you may have.
Please also refer to our Website Terms of Service.