http://londonorthounit.org/terms.php
Home
About Us
Courses
Awards & Bursaries
Store
News & Events
Contact Us
Connect With Us
Tweets by @londonorthounit
News
Winter Syllabus Course Dates and Registration
We are at that time of year that we start talking about WINTER course dates!
Dates and other ...
LOU Fall Speaker's Night
Hello everyone,
This fall we will be hosting another LOU Speaker's Night. This event will take ...
Summer Update
Hello all!
It's starting to finally feel like summer. We hope that everyone is enjoying the ...
Read more
Terms of Use
Limitation of Liability
londonorthounit.org shall not be liable for any special or
consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to
use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even
if londonorthounit.org has been advised of the possibility
of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion
of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a londonorthounit.org product is
mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, londonorthounit.org reserves the right
to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
londonorthounit.org reserves the right to refuse or cancel
any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your
credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the
purchase and your order is cancelled, londonorthounit.org
shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the
incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the
site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms
and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by
londonorthounit.org without notice at any time, for any
reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer,
Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive
any termination.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat,
or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden.
Impersonation of others, including a londonorthounit.org
or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other
members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to,
distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is
libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or
publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may
constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any
party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.
You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to
solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online
service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
londonorthounit.org reserves the right to block or remove
communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive,
defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in
violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right
of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to
londonorthounit.org in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
londonorthounit.org, its officers, directors, employees,
agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers")
from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms
and conditions or any activity related to your account (including
negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the
site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors,
londonorthounit.org may link to sites operated by third
parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with
londonorthounit.org, londonorthounit.org
has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy
and data collection practices, independent of
londonorthounit.org. These linked sites are only for your
convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless,
londonorthounit.org seeks to protect the integrity of its
web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback
on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if
a specific link does not work).
Age Disclaimer
londonorthounit.org is not intended for any use by minors
under the age of 18.
Diagnosis Disclaimer
The use of or recommendation of a particular product, exercise or any
information on londonorthounit.org is not intended to
diagnose or treat a particular injury, or to be used without proper
direction from a health care professional. The information contained in
this site is not a substitute for the examination and advice of a
physician or other health care professional. You are solely responsible
for all actions you take after reading material on this site. Please seek
the advice of a doctor for concerns about your health or how to treat a
specific condition.
Revisions
londonorthounit.org may from time to time make revisions
to its website and may do
so without recourse from any user.
© Copyright The London Unit of the Orthopaedic Division
|
Site by JDC  |
Privacy Prolicy
|
Terms of Use