https://lookgoodfeelbetter.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterPinterestYoutubeInstagram
English
Español
Alliance Portal
Donate
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR THE LOOK GOOD FEEL BETTER FOUNDATION
Effective: March 1, 2019
Welcome to http://lookgoodfeelbetter.org/ (the “Site”), a website provided by the Look Good Feel Better Foundation (“LGFB,” “we,” “us” or “our”). LGFB recognizes the importance of safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it provides you with information about our privacy practices, including what information we collect, how that information is used, and with whom that information is shared. Your use of the Site is also subject to our Terms of Use, available here.
Information We Collect
We collect both personal and non-personal information when you use the Site. “Personal information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. “Non-personal information” includes technical information that does not identify an individual personally. Please note that over time, non-personal information may become personal information due to regulatory developments, technological advancements, or the co-mingling of personal and non-personal information. We collect information in the following ways:
When you respond to a survey, you provide things like your name, email address, or telephone number.
When you sign up for a workshop, or online seminar sponsored by the Site, you may provide things like name, mailing address, diagnosis, billing information, telephone number, or email address.
If you enter a contest or sign up for a promotion, you provide your name, email address, or other contact information.
If you apply for a job, you provide your name, email address, phone number, and resume.
Depending on how you interact with the Site, you may at times be asked to voluntarily provide demographic information such as address, age range, gender, occupation, interests or hobbies.
When you access our Site, our web server automatically collects and stores your domain name, the date and time you access our Site, and the Internet address of the website that linked you to our Site. This information may be collected via cookies and other similar technologies. For more information, please see the section “Cookies and Other Similar Technologies” below.
If you attend a workshop or other event, we may take a group photograph, which we may use to fulfill our mission to support and provide useful educational resources for cancer patients. If you do not wish to have your photograph taken, please do not participate.
We may request limited health information about you such as your relationship to cancer or, if applicable, your, date of diagnosis, at what facility you are receiving treated, or current treatment appearance side effects. For instance, this information may be needed to assist you if you contact us seeking support from the LGFB. This health information may be transmitted electronically for the uses and/or disclosures described in this Privacy Statement.
If you make a donation to the LGFB or make a retail purchase on a LGFB Site, we will collect payment information such as your credit card number to process your transaction. We may use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. We will retain your credit card information only for as long as necessary to process the transaction.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We and third parties that we work with, use cookies and other similar technologies to collect and store information. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record keeping purposes. We, or third parties, may use session cookies or persistent cookies. Session cookies only last for the specific duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device’s hard drive until you delete them or they expire. Different cookies are used to perform different functions, which we explain below:
Essential – Some cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using.
Browsing and Functionality – We use these cookies to remember choices you make on the Site, such as to recall your email address (as well as any other information that you voluntarily provide), your preferred language and the country from which you are visiting, to provide enhanced and more personalized features.
Performance and Analytics – We use cookies to see how you use our Site in order to improve its performance and further develop it in accordance with our users’ preferences. In particular, we use Google Analytics to help collect and analyze information. For more information on how Google uses data it receives in connection with Google Analytics and your choices, visit policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
There are several ways to manage cookies. You can control the use of cookies at the browser level, by instructing your browser to accept cookies, disable cookies or notify you when receiving new cookies. Please note, however, that if you reject certain cookies, your ability to use some features or areas of the Site may be limited.
How We Use Your Information
LGFB uses the information it collects from you in the following ways
To process your charitable donations
To improve the content of our Site to address your preferences and to attract new participants/users.
To track user trends and patterns on the Internet so that we may inform users of information that may be of interest to them. See our Cookies section above for more details.
In some instances, to properly credit third parties that have referred you to the Site.
Stored information is also used to pre-populate information fields for purchases, contests or promotions.
How We Share Your Information
We may share you information with the following third parties and in the following ways:
LGFB shares personal information, such as name, phone number and email address, with other reputable organizations including its Alliance delivery partners, selected volunteers, affiliates, Board of Directors, that need the information to participate in and support LGFB service delivery LGFB also shares personal information with contractors that support the site or help us provide services in connection with the Site.
Demographic information may be shared in aggregate, non-identifying form with third parties interested in knowing what type of audience the Site is attracting. LGFB and its marketing partners use this information to ensure that sponsorships, public service ads, offers and promotions are relevant and of value to you.
In the event that the LGFB merges with another organization, or transfers or sells substantially all of its assets to a third party, all collected information stored on our server would be included in the merger, transfer or sale. Also, if required by law, individually identifiable information may be disclosed to a third
How to Opt Out
If you register at the Site to participate in a LGFB activity or sponsored event, or to participate in a volunteer capacity or as a LGFB Alliance delivery partner you will have the ability through your account page to update or change information collected about you. You may also unsubscribe from our email lists or prevent future disclosure of your information to third parties for marketing purposes by sending us an email at the contact information below. Please be aware that it may take a few days for your change to take effect.
How We Protect Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of personal information, LGFB uses reasonable procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information. That being said no security measures are impenetrable. Consequently, you understand that any information you transmit to us is done so at your own risk. If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Site or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site. We may post a notice via the Site if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Children’s Privacy
In general, the Site does not direct its activities or market products to children under the age of 13, or 16 in EU applicable countries. It is the policy of LGFB to refrain from knowingly collecting personal information from children under 13, or 16 in EU applicable countries. If future Site activity is directed at children under 13, or 16 in EU applicable countries, LGFB will comply with applicable law, such as the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act in the US.
Please contact us if you would like to exercise such rights or with your questions.
Do Not Track
Your browser and other mechanisms may permit you to send do-not-track signals or other similar signals to express your preferences regarding online tracking. We do not currently respond to such signals.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California law, if you are a resident of California, you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to:
The Look Good Feel Better Foundation
1620 L Street, N.W. Suite 1200
Washington, D.C. 20036
Attention: Website Administration
We reserve our right not to respond to requests not submitted to the above address.
Governing Law
Your access to and use of this Site is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the law of the District of Columbia without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Assignment
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the information collected via the Site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “Effective” date above. If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the Site or by sending you a notice via the contact information we have on file for you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the Contact Us form or the contact information below:
The Look Good Feel Better Foundation
1620 L Street, NW, Suite 1200
Washington, DC 20036
Tel: (202) 331-1770
Email: info@lookgoodfeelbetter.org
Scroll To Top
// this js translates items that are not available through the polylang admin