https://lovingtouch.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Loving Touch
Skip to content AboutShop BooksDollsMassage OilTraining Calendar Training CalendarInstructor RegistryILTF Licensed TrainersCIMI® Renewals Self-Study CE ProgramCIMI® RenewalsLogin
0
Search for:
0
Menu Close AboutShopBooksDollsMassage OilTraining CalendarTraining CalendarInstructor RegistryILTF Licensed TrainersCIMI® RenewalsSelf-Study CE ProgramCIMI® RenewalsLogin
0
Privacy PolicyHome>Privacy PolicyWelcome to our Privacy PolicyYour privacy is critically important to us. International Loving Touch Foundation is located at:
International Loving Touch Foundation10735 SE STARK STREET Suite 105, Portland 97216 – Oregon , United States It is International Loving Touch Foundation’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://lovingtouch.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://lovingtouch.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, International Loving Touch Foundation collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. International Loving Touch Foundation’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how International Loving Touch Foundation’s visitors use its website. From time to time, International Loving Touch Foundation may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.International Loving Touch Foundation also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://lovingtouch.com blog posts. International Loving Touch Foundation only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to International Loving Touch Foundation’s websites choose to interact with International Loving Touch Foundation in ways that require International Loving Touch Foundation to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that International Loving Touch Foundation gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://lovingtouch.com to provide a username and email address.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.AdvertisementsAds appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by International Loving Touch Foundation and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.Https://lovingtouch.com uses Google AdWords for remarketingHttps://lovingtouch.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationInternational Loving Touch Foundation discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on International Loving Touch Foundation’s behalf or to provide services available at International Loving Touch Foundation’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using International Loving Touch Foundation’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. International Loving Touch Foundation will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, International Loving Touch Foundation discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when International Loving Touch Foundation believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of International Loving Touch Foundation, third parties or the public at large.If you are a registered user of https://lovingtouch.com and have supplied your email address, International Loving Touch Foundation may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with International Loving Touch Foundation and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. International Loving Touch Foundation takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.Aggregated StatisticsInternational Loving Touch Foundation may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. International Loving Touch Foundation may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, International Loving Touch Foundation does not disclose your personally-identifying information.Affiliate DisclosureThis site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, International Loving Touch Foundation uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. International Loving Touch Foundation uses cookies to help International Loving Touch Foundation identify and track visitors, their usage of https://lovingtouch.com, and their website access preferences. International Loving Touch Foundation visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using International Loving Touch Foundation’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of International Loving Touch Foundation’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to International Loving Touch Foundation’s use of cookies.E-commerceThose who engage in transactions with International Loving Touch Foundation – by purchasing International Loving Touch Foundation’s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, International Loving Touch Foundation collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with International Loving Touch Foundation. International Loving Touch Foundation does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Business TransfersIf International Loving Touch Foundation, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that International Loving Touch Foundation goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of International Loving Touch Foundation may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, International Loving Touch Foundation may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in International Loving Touch Foundation’s sole discretion. International Loving Touch Foundation encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Credit & Contact InformationThis privacy policy was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
Search for:
About Infant and Baby MassageBenefits for BabiesBenefits for ParentsInfant Massage in the NICUTestimonialsBecome a CIMI®Classes & EventsContinuing EducationInstructor RegistryTrainingsILTF Licensed TrainersFrequently Asked QuestionsResource LinksMediaBlogInfant Massage Articles & StoriesShopUpcoming Trainings
Medford, OR • October 2020 • Please Call or Email
October 15 - October 16
Philadelphia, PA • October 2020 • Please Call or Email
October 17 - October 18
Denver, CO • October 24-25, 2020 • Please call or email for availability
October 24 - October 25
Denver, CO • November 7-8, 2020
November 7 - November 8
Portland, OR • November 2020
November 7 - November 8 View All Events Address:10735 SE Stark St, Suite 105 Portland, OR 97216Phone:(503) 253-8482Fax:503-256-6753Email:info@lovingtouch.comOpens in your applicationOpens in a new tabOpens in a new tabPrivacy PolicyTerms and conditionsCancellation & Refund Policy Loving Touch® & CIMI® are Registered Trademarks with International Loving Touch Foundation, Inc.
All text or images may not be reproduced, used or copied without prior consent of International Loving Touch Foundation, Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 1992-2020
×Cart