https://ltcsbooks.com/privacy-policy
MDS Nursing Care Plan Books Director of Nursing Resources Federal and State LTC Regulations Home Health Care Home
Complete Nursing Care Plans Restorative Nursing Infection Control Program Director of Nursing Handbook Inservices for Nursing Assistants Social Service Care Plans Nursing Policies and Procedures Activities Care Plans Home Health Care Plans LTC Adminstrators Activities Associations LTC Associations LTCS Books on Twitter LTCS Books on Facebook Google EBook Versions
Read about author Debra Collins, RN, RAC-CT on Amazon
Privacy Policy
Posted by LTCS on December 2, 2011
Our Privacy Policy
We are highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believe that the protection of those interests is one of its most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of its obligations, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that it acquires in the course of its business: 1. Acquisition of Information – We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service efficiently and securely. 2. Our Employees and Privacy – We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs. 3. Security Measures – We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service. 4. Disclosure to Third Parties – We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services. 5. Privacy and Our Business Partners – When we make our technology or services available to business partners, we will not share with them any more consumer information than is necessary, and we will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Comments (0) No Comments »
No comments yet. RSS feed for comments on this post. TrackBack URL
Leave a comment You must be logged in to post a comment.
Home
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Ordering Information
About LTCS Books
Affiliate Program
Nursing care plans and care plan books for long term care and home health care assessment.
Free nursing care plans to view and print.
Copyright © 2019 LTCS Books Inc. All rights reserved.
LTCS Books
Long Term Care Solutions 1019 E Sheridan Dr, Bloomington, IN 47401Phone: 812-369-4554 info@ltcsbooks.comBy Debra Collins, RN, RAC-CT