https://lustgarten.org/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Lustgarten Foundation will not sell, trade or share a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. In addition we respect the privacy of every individual who visits www.lustgarten.org (“website”). This notice explains our online information practices. Because your privacy is important to us, we provide you with notice and choices about the collection and use of their information in some detail. By visiting www.lustgarten.org, visitors accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Lustgarten reserves the right to modify or update this privacy statement at any time without prior notice.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that a website may send to a visitor’s browser and which may then be stored on the visitor’s hard drive. Our website uses cookies so we can automatically recognize visitors and allow them to move within areas of our website without reintroducing themselves or re-entering their preferences. No personally identifiable information is stored in these cookies. Most browsers will allow a user to accept or deny cookies. If a visitor rejects our cookies, they can still use our site. We use cookies to help us understand how visitors use our website. Lustgarten also uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the website, track movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Our website also may use other technologies to track which pages on our website our visitors view. All of this is designed to improve our visitors’ experiences.
Disclaimer on Information and Advice
The website is intended for personal use by individuals coping with and/or recovering from pancreatic cancer, as well as their caregivers, individuals who are supporting friends and loved ones with pancreatic cancer, and individuals who are interested in learning more about topics related to pancreatic cancer. The goal of the website is to provide information to these audiences to educate them about pancreatic cancer, as well as enable patients to more effectively advocate for themselves and participate in making decisions with their health care team and other professionals. The information contained on the website is not intended to provide professional medical, financial or legal advice, nor is it a replacement for obtaining professional medical care. Visitors should consult a trained medical professional for consultation, diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic cancer and should consult a trained legal or financial professional for any legal or financial advice related to these topics.
A Special Note About Children Viewing the Site
This website is not intended for children, and we ask that minors do not submit personal information. If you are a minor, you may only use the website in conjunction with a parent or guardian and must agree not to provide any personal information for any third party or create any profiles on behalf of any other person.
Does Lustgarten Share Information I’ve provided?
Lustgarten may need to share certain information about visitors with third parties in limited circumstances, including releasing information to third parties who perform services on our behalf such as: advising you of upcoming events, products, volunteer opportunities, pancreatic cancer information, and processing credit card payments.
Data Collection
Internal Use
We collect the following information:
Standard web server traffic pattern information: general traffic, site usage, and length of stay information is collected and stored in log files. Log files are transaction records maintained on web servers to record information such as: service provider (IP address); browser versions; referring web sites; search terms used; average number of pages requested; average duration of visit; total visitor traffic, etc. This type of information is shared externally only on an aggregated basis.
Personal information: We do not collect personally identifiable information from visitors unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. For example, if a visitor personalizes the website, volunteers, orders informational materials, requests information, or donates, we may collect the following information: first and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address and subject of inquiry.
Requests: If visitors submit online requests for Lustgarten products, such as free brochures, or if they submit a question through a “contact us” query, we may have to gather additional information from them to respond to the request. Such information will vary with the request, but often includes name, shipping address, telephone number and email address.
External Use
Personal information may be needed for certain optional online activities. Visitors’ health-related information is privileged and confidential and will not be shared or released to any organization or business entity other than those affiliated or working in conjunction with Lustgarten.
We use third parties to provide visitors with the following services:
a. Clinical Trials: If visitors are considering clinical trial participation and would like to seek a clinical trial match to their condition through EmergingMed (EM), they must create an ID and password and answer medical questions. If the visitor requests a trial referral from Lustgarten and EM, then Lustgarten and EM will share their information with each other as part of the matching process. Lustgarten will then contact the visitor to discuss the details or provide further information.
b. Registration and Contributions: If visitors choose to customize the website to their needs by becoming a registered www.lustgarten.org webuser, or if they register for an event, such as a Pancreatic Cancer Research Walk, a third party (Blackbaud) retains the preferences that are selected so that the visitor will not have to re-enter the information each time s/he accesses this area of the website. These preferences may include requests for email, news, information on pancreatic cancer, and interest group selections (patient, medical professional, volunteer).
c. If a visitor chooses to donate to our organization through the website, two reputable third parties (Blackbaud and Classy) collect standard credit card information (card number, card type, expiration date) and keeps a record of the visitor’s financial transaction. Credit card numbers are held only until the charge can be processed. Blackbaud and Classy process financial transactions (donations and registrations) via encrypted SSL sessions. SSL is the industry standard for securing web-messaging transactions Please visit www.blackbaud.com/privacy/overview.aspx to access the Blackbaud privacy policy and https://www.classy.org/terms/privacy to access the Classy privacy policy. Only a limited number of trained Lustgarten Foundation staff have access to the password protected donor data.
Data Security
We are committed to protecting the security of visitors’ personal information and to honoring their choices for its intended use. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we strive to maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards. We store data in password-controlled servers. Our staff and volunteers are educated about the importance of safeguarding visitors’ information and we are committed to protecting confidentiality. However, in spite of these precautions, a security breakdown can still occur. Lustgarten makes no warranty, guarantee, or representation that our website is protected from viruses, security threats, or other vulnerabilities or that visitor information always will be secure.
Whenever Lustgarten permits an external third party to access personally-identifiable information, we follow appropriate procedures to help ensure that the information is used only for authorized purposes and in a manner consistent with the choices visitors have made under this privacy statement, and that the security, integrity and privacy of the information is maintained. While Lustgarten will employ procedures to help ensure that visitor information is only used for authorized purposes as described above, we cannot make any guarantees with respect to the actions or policies of such third parties.
External Links
Our privacy policies only apply to visitors’ use of the Lustgarten website. This site contains links to other sites, including sites that have an official relationship with us. We do not disclose personably identifiable information to the organizations that operate these linked sites and we are not responsible for their privacy practices or site content. Links to other sites do not imply an endorsement of the materials or policies on those websites. Visitors should read the privacy policies of each site they visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about them.
Opting-out, Corrections and Cancellations
If visitors have any questions about our privacy policy, the information we have collected from them online, the practices of this site, please contact us via e-mail at cweber@lustgarten.org.
Upon request, Lustgarten will (a) correct personal information that is erroneous; or (b) permit visitors to opt out of further e-mail contact. To request a correction or cancellation, or if visitors have any questions concerning this privacy statement or our information gathering and dissemination practices, please contact: cweber@Lustgarten.org.