https://lymphoma.org/gift-policy
For Patients and Caregivers
About Lymphoma
Treatment Options
Resources & Support
For Healthcare Professionals
For Researchers
About LRF
About Us
Our Impact
Our Scientific Experts
25 Years of Innovation and Progress
Support LRF
Team LRF - Walks, Ride, DIY
Ticketed Events
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Subscribe
Gift Acceptance PolicyHome » Gift Acceptance Policy
Acceptance of any contribution, gift, or grant is at the discretion of the Lymphoma Research Foundation (the Foundation). The Foundation will not accept any gift or donation unless it can be used or expended consistently with its purpose and mission, to eradicate lymphoma and serve those touched by this disease.
Gifts may not be accepted if there is a reasonable question as to whether the Foundation’s reputation would be negatively affected, whether the donor has the authority to make the gift, or whether the donor is competent to make the gift. In such cases, the decision to accept the gift will be made by the Foundation Chief Executive Officer in consultation with the Foundation Board of Directors.
The Foundation will accept donations of cash or publicly traded securities. Gifts of in-kind services will be accepted at the discretion of the Foundation. Certain other gifts, real property, personal property, in-kind donations, non-liquid securities, and contributions whose sources are not transparent or whose use is restricted in some manner, must be reviewed prior to acceptance due to the special obligations raised or liabilities they may pose for the Foundation. Gifts associated with tobacco, due to its demonstrated link to the development of many forms of cancer, are not accepted. Gifts associated with firearms, due to a variety of state and federal laws, are not accepted.
The Foundation will refrain from providing advice about the taxes, legal condition, or other treatment of gifts and will encourage donors to seek guidance from their own professional advisors to assist them in the process of making their donation(s). The Foundation will provide acknowledgments to donors meeting Internal Revenue Service validation requirements for property received by the Foundation as a gift. For gifts of cash and publicly traded securities, no value shall be ascribed to any receipt or other form of substantiation of a gift received by the Foundation. The Foundation will not compensate, whether through commissions, finders’ fees, or other means, any third party for directing a gift or a donor to the Foundation.
The Foundation will respect the intent of the donor relating to gifts for restricted purposes and those relating to the desire to remain anonymous. With respect to anonymous gifts, the Foundation will restrict information about the donor to only those staff members who are required to know the identity of the donor and intent of their donation.
For additional information, please contact Carol Flores, Senior Director of Finance, at cflores@lymphoma.org or (212) 349-2910.
Updated February 2019
Stay informed with news, alerts and other resources.
Spam Control Text:   Please leave this field empty
Stay informed with news, alerts and other resources.
Spam Control Text:   Please leave this field empty