http://maggieomanshannon.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Maggie Oman Shannon (“Maggie Oman Shannon“) operates maggieomanshannon.com and may operate other websites. It is Maggie Oman Shannon’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Maggie Oman Shannon collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Maggie Oman Shannon’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Maggie Oman Shannon’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Maggie Oman Shannon may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Maggie Oman Shannon also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on maggieomanshannon.com blogs/sites. Maggie Oman Shannon only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Maggie Oman Shannon’s websites choose to interact with Maggie Oman Shannon in ways that require Maggie Oman Shannon to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Maggie Oman Shannon gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at maggieomanshannon.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Maggie Oman Shannon are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Maggie Oman Shannon collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Maggie Oman Shannon. Maggie Oman Shannon does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Maggie Oman Shannon may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Maggie Oman Shannon may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Maggie Oman Shannon does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Maggie Oman Shannon discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Maggie Oman Shannon’s behalf or to provide services available at Maggie Oman Shannon’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Maggie Oman Shannon’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Maggie Oman Shannon will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Maggie Oman Shannon discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Maggie Oman Shannon believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Maggie Oman Shannon, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Maggie Oman Shannon website and have supplied your email address, Maggie Oman Shannon may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Maggie Oman Shannon and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Maggie Oman Shannon takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Maggie Oman Shannon uses cookies to help Maggie Oman Shannon identify and track visitors, their usage of Maggie Oman Shannon website, and their website access preferences. Maggie Oman Shannon visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Maggie Oman Shannon’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Maggie Oman Shannon’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Third-Party Cookies and Tracking
For our visitors’ convenience and information, our website may include third-party solutions, such as (but not limited to) a preview of our Facebook page; Google Analytics; and social sharing icons. These third-party solution providers also may collect information about you during your visits to our website. Please see their privacy policies for information about the kinds of information they collect. Maggie Oman Shannon visitors who do not wish to have these third-party cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Maggie Oman Shannon’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Maggie Oman Shannon’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Maggie Oman Shannon, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Maggie Oman Shannon goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Maggie Oman Shannon may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Maggie Oman Shannon and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Maggie Oman Shannon may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Maggie Oman Shannon’s sole discretion. Maggie Oman Shannon encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a maggieomanshannon.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Comments are closed.
Wisdom for Your Journey
Crafting Calm
Prayers for Hope and Comfort
One God, Shared Hope
A String and a Prayer
The Way We Pray
Prayers for Healing
Inspirations
Poems, prayers, reflections & quotations to inspire you
Get Maggie’s Newsletter Sign Up NowFor Email Newsletters you can trust.
Awards
Spirituality & Practice named Crafting Calm one of the 50 Best Spiritual Books of 2013, and Spirituality & Health magazine named Crafting Calm as one of its five favorites to quiet the mind.
Learn more