https://mari.umich.edu/privacy-policy
Disclaimer
The Mary A. Rackham Institute (MARI) web site does not provide specific medical advice and does not endorse any medical or professional service obtained through information provided on this site or any links to this site. Use of the MARI web site does not replace medical consultation with a qualified health or medical professional to meet the health and medical needs of you or others.
Privacy Disclaimer
MARI is dedicated to the privacy and safety of visitors to our web site.
This is how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to our web site. The information we receive depends on what you do when you visit our site.
If you visit our site to browse, or to read or download information such as educational materials:
We may collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com or princeton.edu); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software and operating system you use; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful. We also conduct web traffic analyses through which we track statistics such as which pages are visited in what order, where users come from, and how long users spend on our web site, but we never associate such information with specific identities.
We may use “cookies” on this site. A “cookie”is a small text file that a web site can place on your computer’s hard drive to, for example, collect information about your activities on the site. The cookie transmits this information back to the web site’s computer which, generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. Most consumers do not know that “cookies” are being placed on their computers when they visit websites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a web site attempts to place a “cookie” on your computer.
If you choose to identify yourself by sending us an e-mail:
Our web site contains forms through which you may request information or supply feedback to us. In some cases, telephone numbers or return addresses are required so that we can supply you with the requested information. In other cases, you need to send us additional information so that we can respond to your request appropriately. If you don’t provide your name or other information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to or investigate your request.
If you send us an e-mail, you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. So, if your communication includes sensitive information and you prefer not to use one of our secure online complaint forms, contact us by postal mail or telephone rather than e-mail.
Any information you provide will not be sold or distributed to any other party.
Following links on our site
This web site links to documents located on web sites maintained by various organizations. Once you access an individual document that links you to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the web site containing that document.
Code of conduct
Comments and posts to this page should be relevant to the content posted on the page and its members.
Members are encouraged to stay on topic in a given thread and respect others who interact with the page.
Posts containing information related to illegal activities, racial slurs, threats of violence and pornographic material will be removed. In certain situations, the poster, as well as the content, will be reported to authorities depending on the nature of the content.
Posts that contain names of specific individuals within MARI as part of a complaint, concern or compliment will be handled on a case-by-case basis. Depending on the circumstances, at the discretion of the sites administrators, the post or comment may be removed to protect the identity of individuals.
The same content may be posted up to three times in a calendar month, whether by an individual or on behalf of an outside organization by multiple individuals. Posts beyond this timeframe will be considered spam and will be flagged for removal.
While we strongly encourage patients and families to contact MARI directly to address any issues they may have, patients who post to the page related to concerns or complaints, need for assistance or have specific issues that need to be addressed, should expect to receive follow-up from the appropriate customer service office:
Complaints, compliments and concerns about care (MARI Central Office) – (734)-615-7853
Possible violations of privacy, policies and procedures, including federal, state and local laws (Compliance Office) – 734-615-4400
Rights and Responsibilities for MARI pages and our fans
Page administrators review comments and posts on the page regularly to ensure any issues or concerns are addressed in a timely manner. MARI is not responsible for the content posted by fans on any of its pages, nor does its existence constitute endorsement of its content by MARI. Fans understand that they are ultimately responsible for the content they post and as such, understand legal issues may arise from the content they post and that MARI is not responsible for those outcomes.
Information shared by a third party related to a patient they know cannot be discussed by page administrators. In the case of complaints, while a reasonable effort will be made to follow-up with the person who posted the content, we cannot take further action on behalf of the patient without their consent without violating the patient’s right to privacy.
Other resources:
Client Rights and Responsibilities
Privacy - Terms
MARI: Helping to build fulfilling lives
MARI Updates - December 2020
MARI continues to offer most services via teletherapy. If you are a current client, MARI recently sent a letter about a new insurance option, as well as our switch to all-digital billing statements. For more information, see: MARI Client Mailing.
Service Updates: We have recently expanded our neuropsychological testing services, and have launched a virtual U-M Aphasia Program ICAP (intensive, comprehensive aphasia program) for people with aphasia.
X CLOSE