https://marriage-counselor-doctor.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy matters to us, and we take your privacy seriously.
We Collect the Following Information:
We collect information from you when you fill out forms that appear on our website.
When filling out forms on our site, you may be asked for personal information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously - there is no requirement to fill out any forms on any part of our website. If you wish to contact our company, you may contact us using the form to the right, or by phone ().
We use Google® Analytics to collect anonymous site user information. To learn more about this service and your privacy, please see the Google® Analytics privacy overview or the complete Google® Privacy Policy.
Information May Be Used in the Following Ways:
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
To correspond with you - if you fill out our contact form, we will use your information to help you out, schedule appointments,
and answer any requests you may have, if and when possible. Filling out a form on this website does not create a doctor-patient relationship.
To improve our website - we continually strive to improve our website based on any feedback we may receive from you.
To improve satisfaction - you contacting us helps us to more effectively respond to your needs and requests.
To schedule appointments - if you request an appointment via an online form, we may use your information to contact you and schedule an appointment.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Minimal Disclosure to Outside Parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act); our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on April 21, 2013.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy please contact us.
Frank Gunzburg, Ph.D.
Helping couples from all over the world fix their broken marriages for over 35 years. Learn more about Dr. Gunzburg, a licensed psychologist doing marriage counseling in Baltimore, Maryland.
Learn about available solutions to help you save your relationship. Get free help or see free marriage tips.
Please contact Dr. Gunzburg or request an appointment for questions or for help.