https://massageeducation.com/privacy-policy/
360.379.4066
info@massageeducation.com
Facebook
Facebook
Who we are
Our website address is: https://massageeducation.com/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Terms
By accessing the website at http://massageeducation.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Port Townsend School of Massage website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial)
attempt to decompose or reverse engineer any software contained on Port Townsend School of Massage website
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server
Disclaimer
The materials on Port Townsend School of Massage website are provided on an “as is” basis. Port Townsend School of Massage makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Port Townsend School of Massage does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results. or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall Port Townsend School of Massage or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials on Port Townsend School of Massage website, even if Port Townsend School of Massage or a Port Townsend School of Massage authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of Materials
The materials appearing on Port Townsend School of Massage website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Port Townsend School of Massage does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. Port Townsend School of Massage may make some changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However, Port Townsend School of Massage does not make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Port Townsend School of Massage has not reviewed all the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Port Townsend School of Massage of the site. Use of any such linked site is at the user’s own risk.
Modifications
Port Townsend School of Massage may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Port Townsend, WA and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is Port Townsend School of Massage’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
You can have Port Townsend School of Massage remove your name from our contact list at any time. Contact us by calling 1-360-379-4066 or email: info@massageeducation.com.
We do not sell or rent user information to anyone.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Port Townsend School of Massage may change the privacy policy from time to time at Port Townsend School of Massage’s sole discretion.