https://mdsc.ca/discussion-forum/forum-privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Forum Privacy Statementmdsc162017-02-06T18:13:45-05:00
Forum Privacy StatementThe Mood Disorders Society of Canada (MDSC) recognizes that privacy online is important to users of our Forum. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Forum who visit (“Visitors”) and those who register (“Members”).
“Personally Identifiable Information”
Refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
“Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
The MDSC collects the Member’s email address.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
The MDSC may use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Forum, to make appropriate service offerings, conduct research, respond to specific inquiries, or provide requested information.
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
The MDSC does not share Personally Identifiable Information about Members with third party organizations, but will share it with legal authorities in the event of a formal complaint or legal action arising from any situation caused by their use of the forum.
Storage of Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information collected by the MDSC is securely stored and is not accessible except for use as indicated above.
Choices to Visitors & Members regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
Members may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from, or being contacted by, us or our representatives by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us.
Use of Cookies
The forum software places a cookie, a text file containing bits of information (such as your username and password), in your browser’s cache. This is ONLY used to keep you logged in/out. MDSC uses Google Analytics, a third party statistics program to track anonymous visitor information. You may review Google’s privacy policy here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Use of login information
The MDSC Forum uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Forum, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
Security of Personally Identifiable Information
All of MDSC’s representatives are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Members is only accessible to a limited number of qualified individuals who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Members for any such occurrences.
Correcting inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information
Members may contact us to update their Personally Identifiable Information or to correct any inaccuracies by contacting us.
Deleting Personally Identifiable Information?
We provide Members with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting us. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete an entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
Privacy Policy Changes
We will let our Visitors and Members know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Member has previously requested not be disclosed, we will let the Member know.
Links within Forum
This web site may contain links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Privacy
A proud member of:
Research Canada:
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Cart
Go to Top