https://mdsc.ca/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacymdsc162019-01-17T14:23:59-05:00
PrivacyMDSC’s Privacy Statement (PDF)
Website Privacy Information
Through this website, the Mood Disorders Society of Canada collects, in a limited way, personal information. This information is carefully protected and kept in confidence. It will not be sold to any third party. It also will not be used for any other purpose than for what it was originally gathered, unless consent is requested and given.
Business or personal contact information, publicly available, is not considered personal information.
MDSC gathers trend data for statistical analysis of web traffic but this information is not linked, individually, to personal information.
MDSC uses Google Analytics, a third party statistics program, to track anonymous visitor information. You may review Google’s privacy policy here:http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
MDSC Content Policy
Any redistribution or reproduction of the contents of this website without MDSC written approval is prohibited.
You may download to a local hard disk only for your personal and non-commercial use any MDSC resource produced for the public domain. You may copy verbatim content to individual third parties for personal use, but only if you acknowledge this site as the source of the material and provide a link back to the page containing the original content.
You may not, except with express written permission, distribute or commercially or exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other Website or other forms of electronic retrieval system.
For reprint content for commercial use, please contact Mood Disorders Society of Canada at info@mdsc.ca
MDSC Link Policy
The Mood Disorders Society of Canada strives to play an active role in linking our website-visitors to relevant information and support. In this way we support people in making informed health decisions and take advantage of a rich array of information.
The following criteria will guide our decision-making in approving links:
Supports the mission, vision and values of the MDSC
Site is useful and meaningful to our target audience
Information provided is both credible and reliable
Promotes our commitment to partnership across sectors
Promotes self-help and peer support
The MDSC does not routinely link to commercial – for-profit sites
The MDSC reserves the right to select or decline links to other groups. We request a reciprocal link as part of our terms of approval.
MDSC’s Chief Privacy Officer is available at:
110 North Front St. Unit A3 Suite 325
Belleville, ON K8P 0A6
Tel. 613-921-5565
Or by E-mail at: info@mdsc.ca
0SHARESFacebookTwitterSubscribe
Privacy
A proud member of:
Research Canada:
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Cart
Go to Top