https://mdwestone.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHomePrivacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Privacy Policy governs data collection and usage of the products, services, software, platform and websites (collectively, "Services") provided by MD West One and any of our affiliates (collectively, "MD West One"). By using the Services, you consent to the data practices described in this policy. If you do not agree to any part of this Privacy Policy, then you should stop accessing the Services. 1. Collection of your Personal Information MD West One may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, physical address or telephone number. MD West One may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your Postal Code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Services, this information may be collected and used by others. MD West One encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. MD West One is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the websites we operate
2. Use of your Personal Information MD West One does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. MD West One may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail or provide customer support. MD West One keeps track of the pages our customers visit within our websites in order to determine what Services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within the websites we operate to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. MD West One uses tracking pixels to collect information that helps us provide our Service to you. Please note that any "do not track" signals sent by your web browser or other mechanism have no effect on the collection of personally identifiable information by MD West One. In addition, other parties who perform data analytics for MD West One, such as Google Analytics, may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities when you use our Services. Third party affiliates of MD West One may have different policies with respect to "do not track" signals and MD West One makes no representations with respect to such policies. MD West One uses tracking to create remarketing audiences of users based on user behavior/their visits to our website. MD West One may also target these users with custom ads based on affinities/interests, geographic and demographic signals. MD West One only shares browser-level data through third party vendor tracking such as Google Analytics. Users can opt out of these advertising features by visiting Google or resources like the NAI consumer opt-out page. MD West One may use email addresses to target users with custom ads through 3rd party advertising platforms. MD West One shares customer information with third parties to perform services (advertising) on our behalf. MD West One may disclose personal information when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our users' rights, property or safety; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of the Services; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires or justifies disclosure of personal information. Information about our customers, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information could be transferred to third parties as one of MD West One business assets. In such an event, we will attempt to notify you before your personal information is transferred, but you may not have the right to opt out of any such transfer. 3. Use of Cookies Our website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Services. 4. Security of your Personal Information MD West One secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. In addition, MD West One secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. 5. Children Under Thirteen Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 6. Changes to this Privacy Policy MD West One may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time, and will always post the most up-to-date version on our website. 7. Contact Us To contact MD West One concerning information contained within this Privacy Policy, please call (402) 398-9243.