https://medicalxpress.com/conditions/post-traumatic-stress-disorder/
Addiction
Alzheimer's disease & dementia
Arthritis & Rheumatism
Attention deficit disorders
Autism spectrum disorders
Biomedical technology
Cardiology
Dentistry
Diabetes
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Gastroenterology
Genetics
Gerontology & Geriatrics
Health
Health informatics
HIV & AIDS
Immunology
Inflammatory disorders
Medical economics
Medical research
Medications
Neuroscience
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Oncology & Cancer
Ophthalmology
Other
Overweight & Obesity
Parkinson's & Movement disorders
Pediatrics
Psychology & Psychiatry
Radiology & Imaging
Sleep apnea
Sports medicine & Kinesiology
Surgery
Vaccination
Asthma
Breast cancer
Cardiovascular disease
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Colon cancer
Coronary artery disease
Dementia
Depression
Heart attack
Heart disease
High blood pressure
Influenza
Kidney disease
Leukemia
Lung cancer
Malaria
Melanoma
Multiple sclerosis
Myocardial infarction
Ovarian cancer
Post traumatic stress disorder
Rheumatoid arthritis
Schizophrenia
Skin cancer
Stroke
Type 2 diabetes
Full List »
Home
Conditions
post traumatic stress disorder
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
Date
6 hours
12 hours
1 day
3 days
all
Rank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
LiveRank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Popular
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Psychology & Psychiatry
COVID stress syndrome: 5 ways the pandemic is affecting mental health
In addition to its staggering impact on physical well-being and mortality, COVID-19 is also taking an unprecedented toll on our mental health. Numerous recent studies have shown global increases in the prevalence and severity ...
Oct 29, 2020
0
1
Psychology & Psychiatry
The mental health impact of pandemics for front line health care staff
Mental health problems such as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, anxiety and depression are common among healthcare staff during and immediately after pandemics—according to new research from the University of East Anglia.
Oct 16, 2020
0
31
Neuroscience
Research team pinpoints brain circuitry underlying dissociative experiences
It's neither uncommon nor especially worrisome for people to lose themselves in a great book or a daydream. But it's disconcerting when feeling transported becomes so intense as to seem that one is literally separated from ...
Sep 16, 2020
0
124
Psychology & Psychiatry
Global study launched to examine impact of COVID-19 on health and wellbeing
The need for rapid assessment of the impacts of the pandemic on wellbeing and mental health across the globe and the measures needed to mitigate these impacts struck Dr. YingFei Héliot, Lecturer in Organisational Behaviour ...
May 05, 2020
0
2
Psychology & Psychiatry
Security guards struggle with PTSD and lack mental health support
New research shows that thousands of security guards in the UK are suffering Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), having been exposed to frequent episodes of verbal and physical abuse.
Apr 08, 2020
0
3
Psychology & Psychiatry
Could Viagra, Cialis work largely by placebo effect?
Until the discovery of Viagra, men with erectile dysfunction were largely left with the impression that their sexual problems were all in their head.
Mar 26, 2020
1
89
Psychology & Psychiatry
Many with military-related PTSD do poorly in treatment with first-line psychotherapies
A review of recent clinical trials paints a sobering picture of the usefulness of first-line psychotherapies in treating active duty military personnel and veterans with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
Feb 03, 2020
0
7
Health
Federal addiction treatment dollars off-limits for marijuana
The U.S. government is barring federal dollars meant for opioid addiction treatment to be used on medical marijuana.
Nov 22, 2019
0
0
Psychology & Psychiatry
Rest may help reduce PTSD symptoms, study finds
A period of rest following a traumatic event can reduce the subsequent development of involuntary 'memory intrusions', one of the hallmark symptoms in post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a new UCL study has found.
Oct 09, 2019
1
641
Neuroscience
The brain may actively forget during dream sleep
Rapid eye movement, or REM, sleep is a fascinating period when most of our dreams are made. Now, in a study of mice, a team of Japanese and U.S. researchers show that it may also be a time when the brain actively forgets. ...
Sep 19, 2019
0
372
page 1 from
40
«
»
Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a severe anxiety disorder that can develop after exposure to any event that results in psychological trauma. This event may involve the threat of death to oneself or to someone else, or to one's own or someone else's physical, sexual, or psychological integrity, overwhelming the individual's ability to cope. As an effect of psychological trauma, PTSD is less frequent and more enduring than the more commonly seen acute stress response. Diagnostic symptoms for PTSD include re-experiencing the original trauma(s) through flashbacks or nightmares, avoidance of stimuli associated with the trauma, and increased arousal—such as difficulty falling or staying asleep, anger, and hypervigilance. Formal diagnostic criteria (both DSM-IV-TR and ICD-10) require that the symptoms last more than one month and cause significant impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.
This text uses material from Wikipedia
licensed under CC BY-SA
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us