http://medicine.wustl.edu/policies
Compliance & PoliciesWebsite Privacy Policy
Links to Third-Party Websites
Compliance & PoliciesAcademic policies
Visit the Bulletin of the School of Medicine website for education-related policies.
Graduate Medical Education policies
Visit the Graduate Medical Education Consortium website for policies specific to house staff, residents and fellows.
Patient care policies
Because of the important and sensitive nature of the service we provide to our patients, we have adopted a number of policies and statements designed to ensure that the clinical care we provide is not affected by external influences, and that patient privacy and safety are paramount. These include:
Patient privacy
Patient Privacy Policy (HIPAA)
Website Privacy Policy
Conflict of interest in clinical care
Conflict of Interest in Clinical Care
Human resources and employee policies
Visit the Office of Human Resources website for policies related to employment.
Logos, marketing and trademark licensing
Visit the Medical Public Affairs website for guidelines regarding university- and school-related logos, social media accounts, websites, PowerPoint presentation templates, clinical naming conventions and more.
Find information about Washington University’s Trademark Licensing Program on the Washington University Public Affairs website.
University-wide polices
Visit the Washington University website for university-wide policies, procedures and guidelines, including the WUSTL.edu Internet Privacy Policy.
Non-discrimination statement
Washington University encourages and gives full consideration to all applicants for admission, financial aid, and employment. The university does not discriminate in access to, or treatment or employment in, its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or genetic information. Inquiries about compliance should be addressed to the university’s Vice Chancellor for Human Resources, Washington University, Campus Box 1184, One Brookings Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130.
View non-discrimination statement on Human Resources website »
The School of Medicine is committed to recruiting, enrolling and educating a diverse student body.