https://medicalxpress.com/conditions/ovarian-cancer/
Addiction
Alzheimer's disease & dementia
Arthritis & Rheumatism
Attention deficit disorders
Autism spectrum disorders
Biomedical technology
Cardiology
Dentistry
Diabetes
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Gastroenterology
Genetics
Gerontology & Geriatrics
Health
Health informatics
HIV & AIDS
Immunology
Inflammatory disorders
Medical economics
Medical research
Medications
Neuroscience
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Oncology & Cancer
Ophthalmology
Other
Overweight & Obesity
Parkinson's & Movement disorders
Pediatrics
Psychology & Psychiatry
Radiology & Imaging
Sleep apnea
Sports medicine & Kinesiology
Surgery
Vaccination
Asthma
Breast cancer
Cardiovascular disease
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Colon cancer
Coronary artery disease
Dementia
Depression
Heart attack
Heart disease
High blood pressure
Influenza
Kidney disease
Leukemia
Lung cancer
Malaria
Melanoma
Multiple sclerosis
Myocardial infarction
Ovarian cancer
Post traumatic stress disorder
Rheumatoid arthritis
Schizophrenia
Skin cancer
Stroke
Type 2 diabetes
Full List »
Home
Conditions
ovarian cancer
Ovarian Cancer
Date
6 hours
12 hours
1 day
3 days
all
Rank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
LiveRank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Popular
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Oncology & Cancer
In vitro fertilization does not increase the risk of ovarian cancer
A new paper in JNCI: Journal of the National Cancer Institute, published by Oxford University Press, indicates that receiving assisted reproductive technology does not increase the risk women have for developing ovarian cancer.
Nov 18, 2020
0
17
Oncology & Cancer
Screening younger women for hereditary cancers may be cost effective
Population-wide screening for genetic variants linked to hereditary breast and ovarian cancer may be cost effective in women between the ages of 20 and 35, according to a study published in JAMA Network Open.
Nov 16, 2020
0
5
Oncology & Cancer
Positive BRCA test results down from 2008 to 2018
(HealthDay)—The rate of positive BRCA test results decreased over time from 2008 to 2018, according to a study published online Nov. 5 in JAMA Network Open.
Nov 13, 2020
0
2
Oncology & Cancer
Blood test predicts ovarian cancer better than previously thought
A blood test already available to GPs in the UK is more predictive of ovarian cancer than previously thought and could also help pick up other forms of cancer, according to new research published in PLOS Medicine today (Wednesday) ...
Nov 02, 2020
0
77
Oncology & Cancer
Technology shines the light on ovarian cancer treatments
Scientists estimate that nearly 60% of all cancer patients do not respond effectively to chemotherapy treatments. Even worse—many of those same patients experience toxic and sometimes deadly side effects.
Oct 22, 2020
0
6
Oncology & Cancer
Lab-grown tumor models could lead to improved ovarian cancer treatments
Scientists have created a three-dimensional (3-D) tumor model in the laboratory for ovarian cancer that could lead to improved understanding and treatment of the disease.
Oct 02, 2020
0
84
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Irregular and long menstrual cycles linked to greater risk of early death
Irregular and long menstrual cycles in adolescence and adulthood are associated with a greater risk of early death (before age 70), finds a study published by The BMJ today.
Sep 30, 2020
0
20
Oncology & Cancer
Aggressive childhood cancer could be treated by combining DNA-damage-targeting drugs
An aggressive form of the childhood cancer neuroblastoma could be treatable with two cancer drugs currently used in the treatment of colon and ovarian cancer, a study led by researchers at The Institute of Cancer Research, ...
Sep 29, 2020
0
4
Oncology & Cancer
Women may conceive after ovarian tumors
Women receiving fertility-sparing surgery for treatment of borderline ovarian tumors were able to have children, a study from Karolinska Institutet in Sweden published in Fertility & Sterility shows. Natural fertility was ...
Sep 25, 2020
0
12
Oncology & Cancer
Step forward in treatment for patients with newly diagnosed advanced ovarian cancer
Almost half of patients who received a targeted drug during treatment for newly diagnosed BRCA-mutated advanced ovarian cancer remain disease free after five years, a new study shows.
Sep 21, 2020
0
3
page 1 from
40
«
»
Ovarian cancer is a cancerous growth arising from the ovary. Symptoms are frequently very subtle early on and may include: bloating, pelvic pain, difficulty eating and frequent urination, and are easily confused with other illnesses.Most (more than 90%) ovarian cancers are classified as "epithelial" and are believed to arise from the surface (epithelium) of the ovary. However, some evidence suggests that the fallopian tube could also be the source of some ovarian cancers. Since the ovaries and tubes are closely related to each other, it is thought that these fallopian cancer cells can mimic ovarian cancer. Other types may arise from the egg cells (germ cell tumor) or supporting cells. These cancers are grouped into the category of gynecologic cancer.
This text uses material from Wikipedia
licensed under CC BY-SA
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us