https://medicalxpress.com/conditions/myocardial-infarction/
Addiction
Alzheimer's disease & dementia
Arthritis & Rheumatism
Attention deficit disorders
Autism spectrum disorders
Biomedical technology
Cardiology
Dentistry
Diabetes
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Gastroenterology
Genetics
Gerontology & Geriatrics
Health
Health informatics
HIV & AIDS
Immunology
Inflammatory disorders
Medical economics
Medical research
Medications
Neuroscience
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Oncology & Cancer
Ophthalmology
Other
Overweight & Obesity
Parkinson's & Movement disorders
Pediatrics
Psychology & Psychiatry
Radiology & Imaging
Sleep apnea
Sports medicine & Kinesiology
Surgery
Vaccination
Asthma
Breast cancer
Cardiovascular disease
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Colon cancer
Coronary artery disease
Dementia
Depression
Heart attack
Heart disease
High blood pressure
Influenza
Kidney disease
Leukemia
Lung cancer
Malaria
Melanoma
Multiple sclerosis
Myocardial infarction
Ovarian cancer
Post traumatic stress disorder
Rheumatoid arthritis
Schizophrenia
Skin cancer
Stroke
Type 2 diabetes
Full List »
Home
Conditions
myocardial infarction
Myocardial Infarction
Date
6 hours
12 hours
1 day
3 days
all
Rank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
LiveRank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Popular
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Health
Mediterranean diet reduces the risk of having another heart attack
Heart disease is the main cause of death in developed countries. There is evidence that shows that factors related to lifestyle, such as diet, have an influence on developing these kinds of diseases. But, do they have any ...
Dec 04, 2020
0
6
Cardiology
Patients receiving low dose steroid at increased risk of cardiovascular disease
Glucocorticoids are steroids widely prescribed to treat a range of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases. While high doses of steroids are known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, the impact of lower doses is ...
Dec 03, 2020
0
18
Cardiology
AI abdominal fat measure predicts heart attack and stroke
Automated deep learning analysis of abdominal CT images produces a more precise measurement of body composition and predicts major cardiovascular events, such as heart attack and stroke, better than overall weight or body ...
Dec 02, 2020
0
7
Medications
Treatment shows reduction in heart failure after myocardial infarction
While there are therapies to aid in overall heart health, there are very few preventative therapies for heart failure after a significant heart attack, a serious condition that has a very significant mortality. However, researchers ...
Nov 24, 2020
0
31
Cardiology
Not all patients with certain type of heart attack receive the same care
There are several different types of heart attacks, which occur when blood flow to the heart is blocked or reduced. New research by investigators at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) reveals considerable uncertainty in ...
Nov 11, 2020
0
1
Cardiology
Home-time metric needed to judge hospital readmissions, studies suggest
Two new studies suggest Medicare's system of penalizing hospitals if too many patients are readmitted within 30 days should also look at whether the patients were well enough to remain in their home during that time.
Oct 28, 2020
0
2
Cardiology
A patch that could help heal broken hearts
According to the American Heart Association, heart disease is the leading cause of death worldwide in recent years. During a heart attack, or myocardial infarction (MI), a blocked artery and the resulting oxygen deprivation ...
Oct 28, 2020
0
4
Cardiology
Heart attacks linked to pregnancy on the rise, most often in women 30 and older
Pregnancy-related heart attacks—especially in the period after childbirth—are on the rise in women who are 30 or older, according to new research.
Oct 27, 2020
0
2
Cardiology
Results from the OPTIMIZE trial reported
The OPTIMIZE randomized trial comparing a novel, low-profile drug-eluting stent (DES) facilitating transradial access (TR) and direct stenting (DS) to existing DES did not establish non-inferiority of the new stent based ...
Oct 19, 2020
0
0
Cardiology
Physiology-guided percutaneous coronary intervention optimization strategy may lead to improved outcomes
Results from the randomized controlled TARGET FFR trial show that while a physiology-guided percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) optimization strategy did not achieve a significant increase in the proportion of patients ...
Oct 17, 2020
0
2
page 1 from
40
«
»
Myocardial infarction (MI) or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), commonly known as a heart attack, results from the interruption of blood supply to a part of the heart, causing heart cells to die. This is most commonly due to occlusion (blockage) of a coronary artery following the rupture of a vulnerable atherosclerotic plaque, which is an unstable collection of lipids (cholesterol and fatty acids) and white blood cells (especially macrophages) in the wall of an artery. The resulting ischemia (restriction in blood supply) and ensuing oxygen shortage, if left untreated for a sufficient period of time, can cause damage or death (infarction) of heart muscle tissue (myocardium).Classical symptoms of acute myocardial infarction include sudden chest pain (typically radiating to the left arm or left side of the neck), shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting, palpitations, sweating, and anxiety (often described as a sense of impending doom). Women may experience fewer typical symptoms than men, most commonly shortness of breath, weakness, a feeling of indigestion, and fatigue. Approximately one-quarter of all myocardial infarctions are "silent", that is without chest pain or other symptoms.Among the diagnostic tests available to detect heart muscle damage are an electrocardiogram (ECG), echocardiography, cardiac MRI and various blood tests. The most often used blood markers are the creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB) fraction and the troponin levels. Immediate treatment for suspected acute myocardial infarction includes oxygen, aspirin, and sublingual nitroglycerin.Most cases of STEMI (ST elevation MI) are treated with thrombolysis or percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). NSTEMI (non-ST elevation MI) should be managed with medication, although PCI is often performed during hospital admission. In people who have multiple blockages and who are relatively stable, or in a few emergency cases, bypass surgery may be an option, especially in diabetics.Heart attacks are the leading cause of death for both men and women worldwide. Important risk factors are previous cardiovascular disease, older age, tobacco smoking, high blood levels of certain lipids (triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein) and low levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL), diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, chronic kidney disease, heart failure, excessive alcohol consumption, the abuse of certain drugs (such as cocaine and methamphetamine), and chronic high stress levels.
This text uses material from Wikipedia
licensed under CC BY-SA
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us