https://medicalxpress.com/conditions/multiple-sclerosis/
Addiction
Alzheimer's disease & dementia
Arthritis & Rheumatism
Attention deficit disorders
Autism spectrum disorders
Biomedical technology
Cardiology
Dentistry
Diabetes
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Gastroenterology
Genetics
Gerontology & Geriatrics
Health
Health informatics
HIV & AIDS
Immunology
Inflammatory disorders
Medical economics
Medical research
Medications
Neuroscience
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Oncology & Cancer
Ophthalmology
Other
Overweight & Obesity
Parkinson's & Movement disorders
Pediatrics
Psychology & Psychiatry
Radiology & Imaging
Sleep apnea
Sports medicine & Kinesiology
Surgery
Vaccination
Asthma
Breast cancer
Cardiovascular disease
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Colon cancer
Coronary artery disease
Dementia
Depression
Heart attack
Heart disease
High blood pressure
Influenza
Kidney disease
Leukemia
Lung cancer
Malaria
Melanoma
Multiple sclerosis
Myocardial infarction
Ovarian cancer
Post traumatic stress disorder
Rheumatoid arthritis
Schizophrenia
Skin cancer
Stroke
Type 2 diabetes
Full List »
Home
Conditions
multiple sclerosis
Multiple Sclerosis
Date
6 hours
12 hours
1 day
3 days
all
Rank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
LiveRank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Popular
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Medical research
Age of onset may affect clinical outcomes for multiple sclerosis patients on disease-modifying therapy
Age of onset for disease is an important factor affecting clinical outcomes across the life span in patients receiving disease-modifying therapy (DMT) for multiple sclerosis (MS), according to a study published online Feb. ...
Mar 02, 2020
0
1
Neuroscience
Genomic map implicates broad immune cell involvement in multiple sclerosis
The International Multiple Sclerosis Genetic Consortium (IMSGC) reports the results of its latest study, "Multiple sclerosis genomic map implicates peripheral immune cells and microglia in susceptibility", in the journal ...
Sep 26, 2019
0
57
Pediatrics
Higher risk of pediatric multiple sclerosis in obese children, poorer response to treatments
A team of researchers with University Medical Center Göttingen, Georg August University Göttingen, has found that overweight and obese children are at higher risk of developing the relapsing form of multiple sclerosis (MS)—and ...
Jul 16, 2019
report
0
166
Radiology & Imaging
3-D brain imaging may improve treatment path for MS patients
A new way of looking at the brains of multiple sclerosis (MS) patients could greatly enhance doctors' ability to select the best therapy for each person.
Jul 15, 2019
0
7
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Multiple sclerosis: Endogenous retrovirus HERV-W key to nerve tissue damage
Early disease stages of multiple sclerosis (MS) are primarily characterized by immune cell infiltration of the central nervous system (CNS). This causes inflammation that damages the myelin sheaths that insulate nerves, which ...
Jun 28, 2019
0
3
Health
Study finds red meat as part of a healthy diet linked to reduced risk of multiple sclerosis
People who consume unprocessed red meat as part of a healthy Mediterranean diet may reduce their risk of multiple sclerosis (MS), new research led by Curtin University and The Australian National University has found.
May 29, 2019
0
25684
Immunology
Deletion in mouse neutrophils offers clues to pathogenesis in multiple sclerosis
Multiple sclerosis is an autoimmune disease that damages the insulating sheaths of nerve cells of the central nervous system. People with the disease can lose vision, suffer weak limbs, show degenerative symptoms and exhibit ...
May 28, 2019
0
20
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Many patients do not engage health care provider during MS relapse
(HealthDay)—The rate and frequency of relapse vary for patients with multiple sclerosis (MS), and many report not visiting a health care provider during relapse, according to a study published in the November issue of Multiple ...
Nov 15, 2018
0
0
Neuroscience
New clues to the origin and progression of multiple sclerosis
Mapping of a certain group of cells, known as oligodendrocytes, in the central nervous system of a mouse model of multiple sclerosis (MS), shows that they might have a significant role in the development of the disease. The ...
Nov 13, 2018
0
87
Medical research
New insight into the mechanism of the drug against sclerosis and psoriasis
A multidisciplinary research team at Aarhus University has provided fundamental new insight into the mechanism of the medical drug dimethyl fumarate, which is the active component of important treatments for multiple sclerosis ...
Nov 01, 2018
0
3
page 1 from
40
«
»
Multiple sclerosis (abbreviated to MS, known as disseminated sclerosis or encephalomyelitis disseminata) is an inflammatory disease in which the fatty myelin sheaths around the axons of the brain and spinal cord are damaged, leading to demyelination and scarring as well as a broad spectrum of signs and symptoms. Disease onset usually occurs in young adults, and it is more common in women. It has a prevalence that ranges between 2 and 150 per 100,000. MS was first described in 1868 by Jean-Martin Charcot.MS affects the ability of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord to communicate with each other effectively. Nerve cells communicate by sending electrical signals called action potentials down long fibers called axons, which are contained within an insulating substance called myelin. In MS, the body's own immune system attacks and damages the myelin. When myelin is lost, the axons can no longer effectively conduct signals. The name multiple sclerosis refers to scars (scleroses—better known as plaques or lesions) particularly in the white matter of the brain and spinal cord, which is mainly composed of myelin. Although much is known about the mechanisms involved in the disease process, the cause remains unknown. Theories include genetics or infections. Different environmental risk factors have also been found.Almost any neurological symptom can appear with the disease, and often progresses to physical and cognitive disability. MS takes several forms, with new symptoms occurring either in discrete attacks (relapsing forms) or slowly accumulating over time (progressive forms). Between attacks, symptoms may go away completely, but permanent neurological problems often occur, especially as the disease advances.There is no known cure for multiple sclerosis. Treatments attempt to return function after an attack, prevent new attacks, and prevent disability. MS medications can have adverse effects or be poorly tolerated, and many patients pursue alternative treatments, despite the lack of supporting scientific study. The prognosis is difficult to predict; it depends on the subtype of the disease, the individual patient's disease characteristics, the initial symptoms and the degree of disability the person experiences as time advances. Life expectancy of people with MS is 5 to 10 years lower than that of the unaffected population.
This text uses material from Wikipedia
licensed under CC BY-SA
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us