https://medicalxpress.com/conditions/skin-cancer/
Addiction
Alzheimer's disease & dementia
Arthritis & Rheumatism
Attention deficit disorders
Autism spectrum disorders
Biomedical technology
Cardiology
Dentistry
Diabetes
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Gastroenterology
Genetics
Gerontology & Geriatrics
Health
Health informatics
HIV & AIDS
Immunology
Inflammatory disorders
Medical economics
Medical research
Medications
Neuroscience
Obstetrics & gynaecology
Oncology & Cancer
Ophthalmology
Other
Overweight & Obesity
Parkinson's & Movement disorders
Pediatrics
Psychology & Psychiatry
Radiology & Imaging
Sleep apnea
Sports medicine & Kinesiology
Surgery
Vaccination
Asthma
Breast cancer
Cardiovascular disease
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Colon cancer
Coronary artery disease
Dementia
Depression
Heart attack
Heart disease
High blood pressure
Influenza
Kidney disease
Leukemia
Lung cancer
Malaria
Melanoma
Multiple sclerosis
Myocardial infarction
Ovarian cancer
Post traumatic stress disorder
Rheumatoid arthritis
Schizophrenia
Skin cancer
Stroke
Type 2 diabetes
Full List »
Home
Conditions
skin cancer
Skin Cancer
Date
6 hours
12 hours
1 day
3 days
all
Rank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
LiveRank
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Popular
Last day
1 week
1 month
all
Diseases, Conditions, Syndromes
Safe ultraviolet light could be used to sterilise high-risk COVID-19 environments
Research at Cranfield University is paving the way for a new solution to kill aerosolised COVID-19 in enclosed environments such as hospitals and long-term care facilities.
Nov 30, 2020
0
7
Oncology & Cancer
Should men be concerned about prostate cancer?
Prostate cancer is the second-most diagnosed cancer in men after skin cancer. Approximately 1 of 9 men in the U.S. will get prostate cancer in his lifetime. Most men diagnosed with the disease won't die from it. More than ...
Nov 19, 2020
0
5
Oncology & Cancer
World-first skin cancer treatment aims to help transplant patients
A new medication which can be applied to the skin could help prevent organ transplant recipients from developing harmful skin cancers.
Nov 19, 2020
0
2
Medical research
Existing antidepressant helps to inhibit growth of cancer cells in lab animals
New research has shown that the antidepressant sertraline inhibits the growth of cancer cells. It acts on a metabolic addiction that allows different types of cancer to grow. This is shown by a study on cell cultures and ...
Nov 17, 2020
0
22
Oncology & Cancer
Novel method detects melanoma with over 90% accuracy
In Europe, melanoma is the fifth most common type of cancer and is the major cause of death from skin cancer. Northern Europe displays the largest age-standardized rate mortality of 3.8 per 10,000 in the region, with an incidence ...
Nov 09, 2020
0
5
Oncology & Cancer
Active surveillance safe for African Americans with low-risk prostate cancer
Previous studies have shown that African American men are 2.4 times as likely to die from prostate cancer compared to non-Hispanic white men. This, plus a concern that African Americans may develop cancers that are more aggressive, ...
Nov 03, 2020
0
8
Oncology & Cancer
Next generation BRAF inhibitor cancer drug shows promise in early patient trial
A new drug designed to work on cancers with an altered BRAF gene has shown promise in an early patient trial presented at the 32nd EORTC-NCI-AACR Symposium on Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics, which is taking place ...
Oct 26, 2020
0
2
Oncology & Cancer
Genomic differences may be key to overcoming prostate cancer disparities
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer among American men after skin cancer, but the disease does not affect all races equally. African American men are nearly two times more likely to develop prostate cancer, ...
Oct 21, 2020
0
6
Medical research
New insight on mole growth could aid development of skin cancer treatments
Moles stop growing when they reach a certain size due to normal interactions between cells, despite having cancer-associated gene mutations, says a new study published today in eLife.
Oct 13, 2020
0
3
Oncology & Cancer
A bandage with magnetic nanofibres that kills skin cancer cells with heat
Researchers from the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) have developed a non-invasive bandage made with magnetic nanofibres to treat skin cancer by administering heat to the tumor cells.
Oct 08, 2020
0
5
page 1 from
40
«
»
Skin neoplasms (also known as "skin cancer") are skin growths with differing causes and varying degrees of malignancy. The three most common malignant skin cancers are basal cell cancer, squamous cell cancer, and melanoma, each of which is named after the type of skin cell from which it arises. Skin cancer generally develops in the epidermis (the outermost layer of skin), so a tumor can usually be seen. This means that it is often possible to detect skin cancers at an early stage. Unlike many other cancers, including those originating in the lung, pancreas, and stomach, only a small minority of those affected will actually die of the disease, though it can be disfiguring. Melanoma survival rates are poorer than for non-melanoma skin cancer, although when melanoma is diagnosed at an early stage, treatment is easier and more people survive.Skin cancer is the most commonly diagnosed type of cancer. Melanoma and non-melanoma skin cancers combined are more common than lung, breast, colorectal, and prostate cancer. Melanoma is less common than both basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma, but it is the most serious — for example, in the UK there were over 11,700 new cases of melanoma in 2008, and over 2,000 deaths. It is the second most common cancer in young adults aged 15–34 in the UK. Most cases are caused by over-exposure to UV rays from the sun or sunbeds. Non-melanoma skin cancers are the most common skin cancers. The majority of these are basal cell carcinomas. These are usually localized growths caused by excessive cumulative exposure to the sun and do not tend to spread.
This text uses material from Wikipedia
licensed under CC BY-SA
Your Privacy
This site uses cookies to assist with navigation, analyse your use of our services, and provide content from third parties.
By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use.
Ok
More Information
E-mail newsletter
Subscribe
Follow us