http://medlibrary.org/lib/info/privacy/
Photo by Dayne Topkin - http://bit.ly/2RBXzE3We do not share personally identifiable information about site visitors with any third party; nor do we actively collect any personally identifiable information from any user of MedLibrary.org.Overall Privacy Policy
MedLibrary.org safeguards the privacy of all site visitors. MedLibrary.org and the providers of this site will not normally share individual information about site visitors with any third party (but please see the specific exceptions outlined below), and will not contact site visitors without permission. (The relationship between the site and the company which formally provides it is explained on the page About Us.) This commitment to confidentiality will be restricted or suspended only under direct legal requirement, and then only to the extent necessary to comply with the rule of law.
No personal medication information is solicited by this site, and none should be provided. If you write to us with personally identifiable medical information, your communication will be deleted.
How We Collect and Use Visitor Information
Our site is designed not to collect personally identifiable visitor information of any kind. Therefore, under normal circumstances, we do not have any individual information about you to share.
Our server does automatically log all resource requests, which we use to analyse technical usage data such as visitor numbers and activity across the site. Additional information recorded in standard server logs may include, but is not limited to, device type and web browser, a device’s network connections and a device’s IP address. In addition, we may now or at any time in the future use third-party analytics services which enable us to analyse visitor activity in aggregate; we specifically configure third-party analytics services such as Google Analytics to discard information such as IP addresses.
MedLibrary.org visitors choosing to provide personal details to this website by writing to us with feedback, suggestions, questions or comments are taken to have given their permission to be contacted in connection with their communication to us. (Note that we may operate automatic reply systems — such as out-of-office notifiers, anti-spam verification systems, and the like — which result in replies automatically being sent in response to certain email messages.) Except in the unlikely event that we are required to do so due to legal requirements, personal details received in this manner will never be shared with any third party without permission.
No personal details will knowingly be accepted from individuals under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not write to this site.
We retain personal data in an identifiable format for the least amount of time necessary to fulfill our legal or regulatory obligations and for our business purposes. We may retain personal data for longer periods than required by law if it is in our legitimate business interests and not prohibited by law.
Please see our separate Advertising Policy page about advertising on this site and how it bears on privacy.
Sharing With Third Parties
We may share personal information with other parties for our business purposes or as permitted or required by law, including:
if we need to do so to comply with a law, legal process or regulations;
if we believe, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of personal data is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;
to protect the vital interests of a person;
to investigate violations of or enforce a user agreement or other legal terms applicable to our service;
to protect our property, services and legal rights;
to facilitate a purchase or sale of all or part of our business;
to companies that we plan to merge with or be acquired by; and
to support our audit, compliance, and corporate governance functions.
In addition, we may provide aggregated statistical data to third parties, including other businesses and members of the public, about how, when, and why users visit our site and use our services. This data will not personally identify individuals or their activity. We do not share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes.
International Transfers
Our operations are supported by individual servers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology operated by us and by third parties. Where those third parties — including but not limited to Google, which provides our email services — are established in jurisdictions outside the EU, we have reviewed the published data handling policies of those third parties and believe that they offer suitable protection of personal data commensurate with EU law. In particular, Google is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework, which is a legal mechanism to enable the transfer of personal data from the EEA to the US, where certified organisations guarantee to provide a level of protection in line with EU data protection law.
Cookies
This site may use cookies to support the normal operation of our publishing platform. Cookies may be placed either directly by our server, or by third parties assisting in our site evaluation and development efforts.
Should we now or at any time in the future participate in Google’s AdSense advertising platform, Google may permit third parties to set cookies in users’ browsers or to use web beacons to collect traffic data, in the course of Google’s placement of ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie in particular enables it to serve ads based on a user’s visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Google’s use of cookies is itself subject to its own policy, which also includes details of how to opt out of Google’s DART cookie.
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites or from specific sites. Users can also manually delete cookies directly via the web browser. These options are generally configured through a ‘Privacy’ setting in the browser.
Google recommends the following text to inform you about the activities of third parties which may be permitted to advertise on this site by Google:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You can find additional information in Appendix A of the NAI Self-Regulatory principles for publishers (PDF).
Privacy Choices and Rights
Visitors are under no obligation whatsoever to provide personal information of any kind to this site.
Subject to limitations set out in EU data protection laws, visitors have certain rights in respect of personal data, including a right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, erasure and data portability. Please contact us if you would like to exercise these rights.
Updates
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our business, the site or services, or applicable laws. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date of publication.
Data Protection Act
The provider of this site (Mulhauser Consulting, Ltd.) is registered in the United Kingdom as a Data Controller under the Data Protection Act 1998 and is committed to meeting the requirements of the GDPR.
If you are not satisfied by the way in which we address your concerns, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
Registered Office
Mulhauser Consulting, Ltd. is registered in England no. 4455464. Registered office: 31 High Street, Haverhill, Suffolk CB9 8AD.
This article was originally published by MedLibrary.org on 1 January 2005 and last reviewed or updated by Site Editor on 9 August 2019.
https://medlibrary.org/lib/info/privacy/FDA Medwatch
Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited Issues Voluntary Nationwide Recall of Anagrelide Capsules, USP Due to Dissolution Test FailureTue, 08 Dec 2020. Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited is voluntarily recalling one lot of Anagrelide Capsules, USP to the consumer level due to dissolution test failure detected during routine quality testing.AvKARE Issues Voluntary Nationwide Recall of Sildenafil 100mg Tablets and Trazodone 100mg Tablets Due to Product Mix-UpTue, 08 Dec 2020. AvKARE, Pulaski, TN is voluntarily recalling one lot of Sildenafil 100 mg tablets and one lot of Trazodone 100mg tablets to the consumer level. These products have been recalled due to a product mix-up of the listed two separate products…
Clinical Trials via Trial Bulletin
A Prospective Observational Registry to Estimate Febrile Neutropenia (FN) in Patients Receiving UdenycaThu, 10 Dec 2020. A Non-interventional Study to Assess the Influence of Automated Optical Coherence Tomography Image Enrichment With Segmentation Information on Disease Activity Assessment in Patients Treated With Licensed Anti- VEGF InjectionsThu, 10 Dec 2020. Validation of CAGIB Score for In-hospital Mortality of Cirrhotic Patients With Acute Gastrointestinal BleedingThu, 10 Dec 2020. Efficacy and Safety of Pembrolizumab (MK-3475) Plus Lenvatinib (E7080/MK-7902) Plus Chemotherapy in Participants With Advanced/Metastatic Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2) Negative Gastric/Gastroesophageal Junction (GEJ) Adenocarcinoma (MK-7902-015/E7080-G000-321/LEAP-015)Thu, 10 Dec 2020. Hyperpolarized Xenon-129 MR Imaging of the LungThu, 10 Dec 2020.
Trustworthy Health Information
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Medication Sections
Prescription Medications
RSS Feeds
Prescription Medications Feed
About
About Us Contact Privacy Advertising
This site is provided for educational and informational purposes only, in accordance with our Terms of Use, and is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a medical doctor, nurse, nurse practitioner or other qualified health professional.
Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.