http://medlibrary.org/lib/info/terms/
Photo by Elijah Hail - http://bit.ly/2C0pQyIMedLibrary.org provides a database of medication drug labels and package inserts in good faith, and by using this site you acknowledge and agree to respect that.Definitions
‘The Site’ refers to the online service provided at MedLibrary.org by Mulhauser Consulting, Ltd. (‘The Provider’). ‘The User’ is any person who establishes a connection to or causes a connection to be established to MedLibrary.org via the World Wide Web or to any other URL registered by The Provider and arranged to resolve to the same internet host as MedLibrary.org. ‘The Agreement’ refers to this document.
License from the Provider
The Provider grants The User a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use The Site. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling The User to use and enjoy the benefit of The Site as provided by The Provider, in the manner permitted by The Agreement, and is strictly contingent upon The User agreeing to comply with The Agreement in its entirety.
Unless The Provider has given The User specific written permission to do so, The User may not assign (or grant a sub-license of) The User’s license to use The Site, grant a security interest in or over The User’s license to use the The Site, or otherwise transfer any part of The User’s license to use The Site.
General Agreement
By making any connection to The Site, other than to read The Agreement for the first time, The User agrees to comply with all terms and conditions herein. If The User does not agree to comply with all the terms and conditions herein, The Provider specifically suspends all authorisation or license otherwise granted or extended to The User to connect to The Site and its server resources.
Site Purpose
The Site is provided for educational and informational purposes only and is neither intended as nor implied to be an appropriate substitute for the advice of a qualified healthcare professional.
The Site and External Links
Information contained within The Site, including links to material other than that provided on The Site, are offered in good faith for the convenience of The User. However, neither The Provider nor any of their respective employees, agents, or other affiliates, make any warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or content of The Site or of linked sites or as to the individual privacy or data collection policies in force at linked sites.
Limitations of Liability
The Site is provided for educational and informational purposes only and is neither intended nor implied to be an appropriate substitute for the advice of a qualified healthcare professional.
The User expressly agrees that use of The Site is at The User’s sole risk. Neither The Provider nor any of their respective employees, agents, or other affiliates warrant that The Site will be uninterrupted or error free. Nor do they make any warranty as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information or service provided via The Site.
The Site is provided “as is”, without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-violation or non-infringement of rights. In no event will The Provider or any person or entity involved in creating or distributing The Site be liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the The User’s use or inability to use The Site.
The User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless The Site, The Provider, their affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of the use of The Site by The User.
Equipment
The User shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining his or her own hardware, software, other equipment and services
needed to use The Site and for all charges related thereto.
Copyright
The Site contains copyrighted material and other proprietary information, which may include, but is not limited to, text, software, photos and graphics, and the entire contents of The Site — excluding those portions which are copyrighted by third parties — are copyrighted as a collective work under international copyright laws.
The Provider owns a copyright in the content original to The Site. The User agrees not to modify, publish, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any copyrighted content, in whole or in part. The User may download copyrighted material for personal use only. The User acknowledges that no ownership rights are acquired by downloading or otherwise using copyrighted material.
Scope
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
Changes of Terms
The Provider explicitly retains the right to change or modify the terms and conditions applicable to The User’s use of The Site, or to stipulate additional conditions. Any such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon publication on The Site, and any use of The Site subsequent to such publication shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by The User of The Agreement.
Priority of Legal Obligations
In the event of any conflict with policies of The Site or any particular provision of The Agreement, the laws of England and Wales will take precedence over that portion of The Agreement which conflicts with the laws of England and Wales, with the remainder of The Agreement continuing in force. The Agreement itself will be interpreted under the laws of England and Wales.
Section headings used in The Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
This article was originally published by MedLibrary.org on 1 January 2005 and last reviewed or updated by Site Editor on 7 July 2015.
https://medlibrary.org/lib/info/terms/FDA Medwatch
Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited Issues Voluntary Nationwide Recall of Anagrelide Capsules, USP Due to Dissolution Test FailureTue, 08 Dec 2020. Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited is voluntarily recalling one lot of Anagrelide Capsules, USP to the consumer level due to dissolution test failure detected during routine quality testing.AvKARE Issues Voluntary Nationwide Recall of Sildenafil 100mg Tablets and Trazodone 100mg Tablets Due to Product Mix-UpTue, 08 Dec 2020. AvKARE, Pulaski, TN is voluntarily recalling one lot of Sildenafil 100 mg tablets and one lot of Trazodone 100mg tablets to the consumer level. These products have been recalled due to a product mix-up of the listed two separate products…
Clinical Trials via Trial Bulletin
A Prospective Observational Registry to Estimate Febrile Neutropenia (FN) in Patients Receiving UdenycaThu, 10 Dec 2020. A Non-interventional Study to Assess the Influence of Automated Optical Coherence Tomography Image Enrichment With Segmentation Information on Disease Activity Assessment in Patients Treated With Licensed Anti- VEGF InjectionsThu, 10 Dec 2020. Validation of CAGIB Score for In-hospital Mortality of Cirrhotic Patients With Acute Gastrointestinal BleedingThu, 10 Dec 2020. Efficacy and Safety of Pembrolizumab (MK-3475) Plus Lenvatinib (E7080/MK-7902) Plus Chemotherapy in Participants With Advanced/Metastatic Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2) Negative Gastric/Gastroesophageal Junction (GEJ) Adenocarcinoma (MK-7902-015/E7080-G000-321/LEAP-015)Thu, 10 Dec 2020. Hyperpolarized Xenon-129 MR Imaging of the LungThu, 10 Dec 2020.
Trustworthy Health Information
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Medication Sections
Prescription Medications
RSS Feeds
Prescription Medications Feed
About
About Us Contact Privacy Advertising
This site is provided for educational and informational purposes only, in accordance with our Terms of Use, and is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a medical doctor, nurse, nurse practitioner or other qualified health professional.
Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.