http://metacancer.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - MetaCancer Foundation MetaCancer Foundation
Home
Community
Blog
Everyday Living
Physical
Emotional
Creative
Intellectual
Financial
Social
Focus On…
Webinars
About Us
Our Leaders
Elizabeth Anne Prostic
Grants
Presentations
Events
Contact Us
Press Room
Articles
Select a page...HomeCommunity    BlogEveryday Living    Physical    Emotional    Creative    Intellectual    Financial    Social    Focus On…    WebinarsAbout Us    Our Leaders    Elizabeth Anne Prostic    Grants    Presentations    Events    Contact UsPress Room    Articles
Home
|
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Last updated on March 30, 2006
The MetaCancer Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy and security of visitors to the MetaCancer.org website (the “Website”). We may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. By visiting the Website, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this website, after such changes have been posted, will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you have questions about these policies, we encourage you to talk to us by using our feedback form.
Collection of Information:
If you decide to join our community by registering on the Website, you may be asked to provide personal information, such as name, address, email address, and other information. Once you provide your personal information, you are no longer anonymous to The MetaCancer Foundation.
As with most website operators, The MetaCancer Foundation analyzes the Website logs to constantly improve the functionality of the Website. We use an external service to provide real-time reporting to us and to our authorized agents of visits to the Website. We do not use this service to gather, request, record, require, collect or track any Internet users’ personally identifiable information.
Use of Information:
The MetaCancer Foundation may use your information to: (a) process and respond to your inquiries and for the purposes for which you provided the information, such as to receive email updates; (b) improve the content and navigability of the Website; and © enforce our Terms of Use. We do not sell, rent, loan, or lease any personal information collected at our site without your permission. We may share your information in response to a subpoena, legal order or official request, or when we believe you have acted in violation of our Terms of Use.
Certain of your information, such as your username, may be associated with messages and/or public comments you make on or through the Website. Please be careful when choosing a username and when deciding what information about yourself, if any, to post publicly. By providing too much information to other community members, you may give them or others the ability to identify you.
How we protect information:
We use reasonable safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information.
Use of Cookies:
We use “cookies” on the Website to support certain functions and to better understand how our visitors use the Website. A “cookie” is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which your browser may then store on your system. Depending on your browser type, you likely can set your browser to notify you when you receive a “cookie,” giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. However, please note that rejecting or disabling cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain features of the MetaCancer.org website.
Mailing Lists:
The MetaCancer Foundation maintains several email lists to keep our users informed. Individuals must make an affirmative request to be added to one of our mailing lists. We do not share the email addresses on our lists with anyone outside of The MetaCancer Foundation staff and authorized agents without your permission.
Children’s privacy:
This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does The MetaCancer Foundation does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to The MetaCancer Foundation. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you must obtain a parent’s permission before submitting any information to The MetaCancer Foundation through the Website or otherwise.
Links:
The Website may contain links to third-party websites. The MetaCancer Foundation is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contacts:
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by using our feedback form.
Follow Us
RSS
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Webmaster
Search Our Site
Donate Donate online through our PayPal secure site or by mail.
Donate Now
Recent Articles
When Someone You Care About Dies
23 Feb 2016
Cancer Pain: The Importance of Open Communication
21 Dec 2015
Talking with Relatives and Friends About Cancer
21 Nov 2015
Email Updates