http://millercenter.uchicago.edu/privacy.shtml
What is Peripheral Neuropathy
Peripheral Neuropathy Symptoms
Types of Peripheral Neuropathy
Evaluation and Tests
Treatment and Therapy
Clinical Trials
Appointments
Research
Frequently Asked Questions
Website Privacy Statement
SEE ALSO: Notice of Privacy Pratices (HIPAA)
The Center for Peripheral Neuropathy at the University of Chicago respects the privacy and safety of our patients and visitors to our website.
The Information We Collect
We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our site, unless you provide that information to us voluntarily.
The website may contain forms through which you may request information or supply feedback to us.
In some cases, personal information may be required so that we can provide the requested information to you.
Please note that our forms and email are NOT encrypted, unless otherwise noted.
In order to understand how our web site is being used, we do typical web traffic analyses through which we track which pages are visited and in what order, where users come from and how long users spend on our sites.
This type of information is not personally identifiable and we never associate such information with the specific identities of users.
We do not currently use "cookies." A "cookie" is a text file placed on the browser of website visitor to identify website use patterns.
Use of Information You Provide
We will not sell, rent, lease or distribute any personal information received from visitors on web forms or e-mail to any outside organization unless requested to do so by that user.
However, we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so.
Links to Other Web sites
Our web site may contain links to other organizations or web sites for your
convenience in locating information and services. We are not responsible for
and do not maintain these other sites, and have no control over the content,
accuracy or opinions expressed in such web sites. The inclusion of any
linked web site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web
site by the Center for Peripheral Neuropathy or the University
of Chicago or the University of Chicago Hospitals.
You are encouraged to review the privacy policy of each linked site, as we
cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
Changes to Website Privacy Statement
We will post general notices of changes to this policy, but individual notice of changes to website visitors will not be provided. Please check back periodically and review this privacy policy to ensure that you still agree with its terms.
By using the website, you agree to the terms of the website and any changes, whether or not you have reviewed them.
If you do not agree with any term in this Website Privacy Statement, please do not use this website.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about the website, please feel free to contact:
Website Manager
The Center for Peripheral Neuropathy
Department of Neurology
The University of Chicago
5841 South Maryland Avenue, MC2030
Chicago, Illinois 60637
Email: Request more information
Fax: 773.702.5577
Home | Site Map | Search | Privacy | Disclaimers | Webmaster | UChicago | U of C BSD | U of C Hospitals
© 2020 The University of Chicago®
This page was last modified on 04.16.10 at 17:59 PM