https://mommd.com/privacy-policy/
MomMD.com Privacy Policy
Purpose of this Privacy Policy. MomMD, LLC owns MomMD.com along with all affiliated sub domains (collectively the “Site” or “we”), which are dedicated to women in the field of medicine.  The person or persons using this Site are referred to herein as a “user(s) or “you.”  Site understands how important the privacy of personal information is to its users.  This Privacy Policy provides information on Site’s policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information Site receives from (i) its Publishers and Advertisers (collectively “Site’s Customers”), (ii) users who view and/or interact with Ads, and (iii) users browsing the Site.  We encourage all users to carefully read this Privacy Policy.  In addition to reading Site’s Privacy Policy, because Site contains links (through advertisements, content and external links) to other websites, which are owned by third parties, users should read and review the privacy policies of each and every website which is visited.Reserved Rights. We reserve the right to alter, amend or revise this Privacy Policy in whole or part at our discretion and without prior notice to our users. Changes to our Privacy Policy shall become effective upon posting such changes to our Site.  We encourage our users to periodically check our Privacy Policy for changes to our privacy practices.  Users that continue to access or use of this Site shall be deemed to have accepted our Privacy Policy as modified.Acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Each use of this Site by a user signifies such user’s conclusive acceptance of and agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Site’s Terms and Conditions of Use.  Any user which does not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Site’s TCU should not use this Site.Contact Information. Users should direct questions regarding this Privacy Policy or about the Site to:
Subject
MomMD Privacy Policy
By Mail
MomMD, LLC
Legal Division
3525 Rochester Road
Troy, MI 48083
By Email:
admin@mommd.com
Parental Guidance is Required For Minors. We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.  Therefore, children under the age of 18 (“Minors”) are not eligible to use this Site or any other services offered or listed on the Site without the direct supervision of a parent, guardian or as permitted under Title XIII of the United State Code – Children’s Online Privacy Protection Section 1303, (Regulation of Unfair and Deceptive Acts and Practices in connection with the collection and use of personal information from and about children on the internet).  In addition, we ask that Minors do not submit any personal information on Site.  Parents or guardians which supervise a Minor while using this Site assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information obtained from the Site or information submitted to the Site on behalf of or by the Minor.Non-Personal Information Collected by Site from Users. If you use our Site without registering, then the only information that we will collect from you will be certain non-personal information obtained through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons.
Cookies. A Cookie (also known as a Tracking Cookie, Browser Cookie, and HTTP Cookie) is a small piece of text stored on a user’s computer by a web browser.  A Cookie consists of one or more name value pairs containing bits of information such as user preferences, shopping cart contents, and the identifier for a server-based session or other data used by websites visited by the user.  The information collected by Cookies helps us generate advertising, relevant content and direct newsletters for our users.  The use of Cookies also allows us to statistically monitor the number of users to our site (“traffic”) and how many people open our emails. We may use Cookie information to target advertisements to users or to determine if a certain advertisement is popular or chosen by our users.
Delete and Block our Cookies.If you do not wish to accept cookies in connection with your use of the Mommd.com, you will need to delete, and block or disable cookies via your browser settings;Change your Cookie Settings.The browser settings for changing your cookies settings are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful. Otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your internet browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Web Beacons. We also may use a Web Beacon to collect non-personal information about our users.  A Web Beacon (also known as a pixel tag or a clear GIF) is used in combination with Cookies, and is often used as a transparent graphic image that is placed on a website or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the website or sending an e-mail. When the HTML code for the Web beacon points to a website to retrieve the image, at the same time it can pass along information such as the IP address of the computer that retrieved the image, the time the Web beacon was viewed and for how long, the type of browser that retrieved the image and previously set Cookie values.
Web beacons are typically used by a third-party to monitor the activity of a website. A Web Beacon can be detected by viewing the source code of a Web page and looking for any IMG tags that load from a different server than the rest of the site. Turning off the browser’s Cookies will prevent Web beacons from tracking the user’s activity.  The Web beacon will still account for an anonymous visit, but the user’s unique information will not be record code, your usage patterns, name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and other similar information collected on the website, unless it is unauthorized by law.The information collected by Web Beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site (“traffic”) and how many of our users are using or visiting the websites of our advertisers and sponsors.  Web Beacons also helps us monitor how many people open our emails.
Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons. This Privacy Policy covers the use of Cookies and Web Beacons by our Site only and does not cover the use of Cookies or Web Beacons used by any advertisers on our Site.  In the course of serving advertisements, these advertisers may use information (including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements from other websites about goods and services of potential interest to you.Third Party Ad Serving. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site.  These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click  here:  http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Personal Information Collected From Registered Users of Site. We collect personal information such as name, address, email address, date of birth, and career profession when you register with the Site.  We use this personal information that you provided upon registration to send you emails, enhance our services, fulfill your requests for products or information, and to personalize your experience while using Site.
E-mail Announcements or Newsletters. Site may from time to time use e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters, either directly related to the Site or from a third party that may be of interest to our customers. Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By posting material on any of our interactive areas, you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe by sending an e-mail to:   admin@mommd.com.Public Forums and Message Boards. Site offers as a service to users, public forums, message boards, chat rooms and other public forums where users can share information and request or give advice from the public or from expert users.  Site wants its users to know that any personal or medical information shared in our forum, chat room, or message board, is by design open to the public and is not a private or secure. Therefore users should carefully consider whether to disclosure their personally identifiable information in any public forum.  User are to note that as with any public forum on the internet, information posted by users on Site may also appear in third-party search engines like Google, Bing, Mozilla, Yahoo, MSN etc.Changing your Personal Information. In accordance with the Fair Information Practices defined by the U.S. government, Site encourages users to correct any inaccuracies in personal information that has been previously provided to Site.  Users may correct or change their personal information on their own or by sending an e-mail to admin@mommd.com.Delete your Personal Information. You have right to request the deletion of your personal data. Once you choose to delete your information, your information will not be restored by us. The user can delete their personal information by sending an e-mail to admin@mommd.com.
Complaints or Canceling your Registration. If you have a complaint or comment, please direct it to the email address or mailing address listed in number 3 above.  Your complaint will be responded to within 48 hours by phone or email or 5 – 7 business days if by U.S. Mail.  If you desire to cancel your registration and remove your personal information, then please mail your request to the address listed in number 3 above and your request will be processed within 72 hours of receipt of your request.  Users that cancel their registration can remove their personal information, but it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record or post made by user from our servers.Offer Products or Services. We may from time to time approach you regarding products, services, and other information, or offers, which we feel, based on your Personal Information, may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information, you can contact us in the manner provided above.Required Disclosure of your Personal Information. We may only release personally identifiable or personal information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.Credit Cards. Currently, Site does not accept or use credit card processing; however, we may use such services in the future.Surveys or Contests. From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our Site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).  We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor Site traffic, and to improve or personalize the Site as appropriate.  We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties.Interactive Services. Site shall not be liable for information posted in interactive areas. Site may provide interactive areas to enhance the user experience and to build a healthy community around our Site or its products and services. Each user acknowledges that should he or she participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of our Site, and may also be distributed to others for the purposes of advertising or other related purposes.
In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, pornographic, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material, which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any areas of our Site. Violators will be subject to termination of use and possible legal action, and hereby consent to hold the Site harmless. Although the Site employs security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in user’s private information.  As a result, Site will not be held liable for any users or other visitor’s disclosure of personal information on the Site or any other website which Site operates.
Security. Our Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. User information is stored on servers protected by firewall, system-level, and database-level security.
Only those employees of Site who require access to data concerning users are granted access to the data (e.g., marketing product managers, system administrators, customer service representatives, and engineering personnel). Access to user data by employees is further limited by being solely available through a dedicated administrative interface and through use of a restricted user ID and password.  In addition, every employee of Site is required to sign Site’s standard Nondisclosure Agreement, which requires employees to keep user data confidential. Site’s internal Site security policies are reviewed and revised on a regular basis.
Feedback. Users may provide feedback (e.g., input and suggestions) to Site regarding the Site. Users providing feedback must provide their name and e-mail address. Any contact information entered when providing feedback will only be used to acknowledge or respond to that feedback. Users are encouraged to provide their input and suggestions by sending an e-mail to admin@mommd.com.User’s Acceptance. Personal information, which users have voluntarily entered, is delivered electronically to Site’s servers and by using this Site, user’s consent to the transfer of such data and to Site’s use of such data as outlined in this Privacy Policy and Site’s TCU.Business Transfers. In the event that Site transfer any part or all of its ownership through any means including without limitation, by merger or acquisition or by distribution of some or all of its assets, user personally identifiable information shall also be subject to the transfer.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this Site, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be submitted using Site’s our Contact Us Form or via U.S. mail to: MomMD LC, 3525 Rochester Road, Troy, MI 48083. Last revised 1-2-2020 Copyright 1999 – 2020 MomMD, LLC. All rights reserved
Information posted on mommd.com (Site) by its users is held out to the public domain and is therefore public information which can be viewed by others. By posting information on Site users agree to be bound by and abide by Site's Terms of Use
Useful linksHome
About us
Advertising
Physician Jobs
CME Special Offers
Doctor Salaries
USMLE
MCAT
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Subscribe
Sign up for our newsletter.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
© 2020 MomMD, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Search for:
Search
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home
About MomMD
News & Press Releases
Jobs
Career Center
MomMD Job Board
Membership Pricing
Advanced Job Search
Resources
For Physicians
For Medical Students
For Pre-Meds
For Nurses
Become a Contributor
CME
CME and Board Review Courses
CME Special Offers
Forums
New topic
Recent Topics
Blogs
The Latest Blogs
Blog Categories
Articles
For Parenting
For Physicians
For Medical Students
For Pre-Meds
For Nurses
Sign in