https://msia.com.au/msia-privacy-policy/
MSIA Privacy Policy
What is this Policy?
MSIA is committed to protecting your privacy. Any personal information you provide us remains private and is only used for the purposes outlined below. While MSIA is not by law subject to the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 (AUS) (Privacy Act), we have elected to 'opt-in' to the Privacy Act to reflect our commitment to privacy and ensure protection of your personal information.
This Policy explains how we collect your personal information, what we do with it and how we protect it. Please read it carefully. If you have any questions you can contact us directly on the details set out at the end of the Policy.
What personal information do we collect about you?
The information we collect about you depends on who you are and whether you are a member. We only collect personal information that we need for what we do. The types of information that we may collect and hold about you include:
your name, email, mailing address and telephone number (you may choose to only provide us with your professional contact details);
information about your career, professional interests and educational achievements;
your membership details; and
payment details and preferences in relation to our events.
We do not usually collect any sensitive information about you.
You may choose to interact with us anonymously or using a pseudonym, except in relation to matters where we need to identify you, such as for membership or Board purposes.
If you do not provide information we request about you, we may not be able to register you as a member or you may not be able to enjoy or participate in the full range of our services effectively or at all.
How do we collect your personal information?
We usually only collect information directly from you, but at times we may collect information about you from third parties with your consent. We collect your information when you:
visit our website at www.msia.com.au;
or your employer registers for membership;
register for or attend any of our events;
send us contributions for publication;
speak at our events;
participate in our surveys;
nominate for or are appointed to our Board or join one of our committees;
inquire about or apply for a position with us; and
communicate with us.
How do we use your personal information?
Your personal information may be used to:
verify your identity, process your application and manage your membership;
help us understand and respond to your interests and needs;
retain a record of your attendance at events
communicate with you about our website and publications (for example, to inform you about new discussions, blogs, materials, information, news and site features that we believe may interest you and to send you our Journal); and
to inform you of our upcoming conferences and events (unless you elect not to receive such information).
We may also use your personal information to send you promotional material about conferences and events, membership renewals or to inform you about the products or services of our sponsors. You may tell us at any time using the contact details at the end of this Policy if you do not wish to receive promotional information from us and we will stop sending it to you.
When do we disclose your personal information?
The MSIA is administered from Australia and our website is hosted in Australia. We may disclose your personal information to:
our Australia-based service providers, such as Leverage Management Solutions (Executive Office and event management) or The Association Specialists (TAS), in relation to the operation, administration and maintenance of our website and your membership.
our membership database service “Currinda” which operates from Melbourne, VIC
our service providers, such as MailChimp, which operates from Georgia, USA in relation to communication with members. (MailChimp may also collect and process information for the purpose of its services.)
Our providers may carry out:
mailing operations;
event registration and publication activities;
information technology services;
account management services; and
website and event usage analysis.
We may also disclose your personal information to:
our professional advisers;
government and regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by or under an Australian law or a foreign law in relation to any of our activities that take place overseas; and
as otherwise permitted by the applicable provisions in the Privacy Act.
We will take appropriate steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by Privacy Act and the Privacy Act 1993 (NZ) MailChimp has elected to opt-in to the Privacy Act and a copy of its Privacy Policy may be accessed here.
What happens when you visit our website?
When you visit our website, its web servers may record information such as the time, date and URL and IP address of your request. This information helps us to improve our website.
Cookies: To improve your visits to our site, we may also use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our website may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.
However, if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.
Links to other sites: Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. These are meant for our users' convenience only. We are not responsible for the content or practices of these other websites and they are not covered by this Policy. Before disclosing your personal information to another website operator, you should read their terms and conditions of use.
Google Analytics: Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. We will use reports provided by Google Analytics to evaluate website traffic and webpage usage. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Social media: Our website uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to "like" or share information from our website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your site visit to your personal information.
How do we protect your personal information?
We take reasonable steps to protect the privacy of the personal information that we collect and hold (in hard copy or electronically), including through the use of TAS' services. We restrict access to your personal information to those people or service providers who need to know that information to administer your membership and to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we train our employees about the importance of protecting the privacy and security of your information.
How do we deal with complaints?
You can contact us by phone, email or mail on the details below to lodge a complaint and we undertake to respond within 30 days. If the complaint will take longer to resolve, we will provide you with a date by which we expect to respond.
If we cannot resolve your complaint you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) by:
phone: 1300 363 992;
email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au; or
post: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
For further information about how to complain go to the OAIC's website www.oaic.gov.au:
How do we correct your personal information?
We take reasonable measures to ensure that the personal information we collect, hold, use and disclose is accurate, complete, up-to-date and, when we use and disclose, that it is also relevant. However, the accuracy of that information depends to a large extent on the information you provide us.
If any personal information you provide us changes, or if you think that any of the personal information we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know using our contact details at the end of this Policy. We will need to verify who you are. We will notify you in writing if for any reason we will not correct the information in accordance with your request and we will explain how you can complain about our decision if you are not satisfied.
How can you access your personal information?
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you, subject to some exceptions allowed by the Privacy Act. To request access to your personal information please contact us on the details at the end of this Policy. We will need to verify who you are before we provide access. We will notify you in writing if for any reason, we will not give you access to some or all of the information you have requested and we will explain how you can make a complaint about our decision if you are not satisfied.
How to contact us
You may contact us via email (memebrship@msia.com.au) or you may write or call us at:
Attention: Membership Manager
Medical Software Industry Association
C/ The Association Specialists
PO Box 576
Crows Nest NSW 1585
Phone: 61 2 9431 8684
Availability of and updates to this Privacy Policy
We regularly review our privacy practices in light of our ongoing activities and our legal and regulatory obligations and developments. The latest version of this Policy is available on our website or by contacting us for a copy on our contact details above.
This Policy was last updated August 2017