http://mycathasallergies.com/privacy-policy/
Your privacy is important to us.
This notice explains our information practices, the way your information is collected and used, and applies to all information collected or submitted on MyCatHasAllergies.com.
Cookies, Web Beacons, And Visitor Data Tracking
We may place a “cookie” on your computer or create a unique “session id” to remember your preferences, pages viewed, etc.
MyCatHasAllergies.com does not use cookies or session id’s for gathering any personally identifiable information about you.
You may disable cookies in your browser if you choose.
MyCatHasAllergies.com uses a combination of server logs and third-party analytical data gathering tools, which may set a cookie on your computer, for the purpose of analyzing aggregate visitor traffic information.
The data collected by these third-party tools may include information such as your IP address, type of browser, and computer operating system.
Currently MyCatHasAllergies.com uses the following third-party visitor tracking tools:
Google Analytics
MyCatHasAllergies.com does not use “web beacons” of any kind with the exception of third-party links or advertisers (see next section).
Third-Party Advertisers And Links To Other Sites
We allow other companies, called third-party advertisers, to serve advertisements within our site.
These third-party advertisers use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on MyCatHasAllergies.com.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see.
MyCatHasAllergies.com does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks.
The advertisers may also use information regarding your use of MyCatHasAllergies.com, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party advertisers (see links below) for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices.
MyCatHasAllergies.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, other advertisers or web sites.
MyCatHasAllergies.com currently has relationships with the following third-party advertisers:
Google
Commission Junction
Google uses the DART cookie to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Information Collected
The personal information collected when you send us email are:
Name
Email Address
Home Page (optional)
Other Information You Provide (optional)
Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Search for:
Join Our Mailing List
Email Address*
First Name*
Last Name
Cat Name
* = required field
Resources
Alleviating Your Pet’s Itchy Skin
Cat Inhalant Allergies
Cyclosporine
Demodectic Mange in Cats
Discount Pet Medication
Feline Allergies
Feline Miliary Dermatitis
Flea Allergy in Cats
Immune-Mediated Disorders
Medical Information for Cats
Prescription Diet Z/D
Self-Inflected Alopecia
Wellness Cat Food
Articles
Crystal Kitty Litter
Recent Updates
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.