http://myfamilyent.com/privacy-disclaimer/
Privacy & Disclaimer
Notice of Privacy PracticesThis Notice Describes How Medical Information About You May be Used and Disclosed and How You Can Get Access to this Information.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY
Uses & Disclosures
Treatment. Your health information may be used by staff members or disclosed to other health care professionals for the purpose of evaluating your health, diagnosing medical conditions, and providing treatment. For example, results of laboratory tests and procedures will be available in your medical record to all health professionals who may provide treatment or who may be consulted by staff members.
Payment. Your health information may be used to seek payment from your health plan, from other sources of coverage such as an automobile insurer, or from credit card companies that you may use to pay for services. For example, your health plan may request and receive information on dates of service, the services provided, and the medical condition being treated.
Health care operations. Your health information may be used as necessary to support the day-to-day activities and management of Pediatric ENT, PLLC. For example, information on the services you received may be used to support budgeting and financial reporting, and activities to evaluate and promote quality.
Law enforcement. Your health information may be disclosed to law enforcement agencies to support government audits and inspections, to facilitate law-enforcement investigations, and to comply with government mandated reporting.
Public health reporting. Your health information may be disclosed to public health agencies as required by law. For example, we are required to report certain communicable diseases to the state’s public health department.
Other uses and disclosures require your authorization. Disclosure of your health information or its use for any purpose other than those listed above requires your specific written authorization. If you change your mind after authorizing a use or disclosure of your information you may submit a written revocation of the authorization. However, your decision to revoke the authorization will not affect or undo any use or disclosure of information that occurred before you notified us of your decision to revoke your authorization.
Additional Uses of Information
Appointment reminders. Your health information will be used by our staff to send you appointment reminders.
Information about treatments. Your health information may be used to send you information that you may find interesting on the treatment and management of your medical condition.. We may also send you information describing other health-related products and services that we believe may interest you.
Individual Rights
You have certain rights under the federal privacy standards. These include:
The right to request restrictions on the use and disclosure of your protected health information
The right to receive confidential communications concerning your medical condition and treatment
The right to inspect and copy your protected health information
The right to amend or submit corrections to your protected health information
The right to receive an accounting of how and to whom your protected health information has been disclosed
The right to receive a printed copy of this notice
Pediatric ENT, PLLC Duties
We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your protected health information and to provide you with this notice of privacy practices.
We also are required to abide by the privacy policies and practices that are outlined in this notice.
Right to Revise Privacy Practices
As permitted by law, we reserve the right to amend or modify our privacy policies and practices. These changes in our policies and practices may be required by changes in federal and state laws and regulations. Upon request, we will provide you with the most recently revised notice on any office visit. The revised policies and practices will be applied to all protected health information we maintain.
Requests to Inspect Protected Health Information
You may generally inspect or copy the protected health information that we maintain. As permitted by federal regulation, we require that requests to inspect or copy protected health information be submitted in writing. You may obtain a form to request access to your records by contacting Dr. Malis. Your request will be reviewed and will generally be approved unless there are legal or medical reasons to deny the request.
Complaints
If you would like to submit a comment or complaint about our privacy practices, you can do so by sending a letter outlining your concerns to:
David J. Malis, MD, FACS, FAAP Pediatric ENT, PLLC 1499 S. Harbor City Blvd., Suite 303 Melbourne, FL 32901
If you believe that your privacy rights have been violated, you should call the matter to our attention by sending a letter describing the cause of your concern to the same address.
You will not be penalized or otherwise retaliated against for filing a complaint.
Contact Person
The name and address of the person you can contact for further information concerning our privacy practices is: David J. Malis, MD, FACS, FAAP Pediatric ENT, PLLC 1499 S. Harbor City Blvd., Suite 303 Melbourne, FL 32901
Effective Date
Effective since 22 December 2008.
DisclaimerMy office is providing information and services on the Internet as a benefit and service and I make no representations about the suitability of this information and these services for any purpose.
Information accuracy: While I attempt to convey accurate and current information on this site, this information may contain typographical errors or technical errors. You are advised to confirm the accuracy of any information presented on this site before relying on it in any way.
This information is provided by our Office, the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Inc., (AAO-HNS), the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation, Inc. (AAO-HNSF), and the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) for educational purposes only. Any information provided in this Web site should not be considered medical advice or a substitute for a consultation with an Otolaryngologist-Head and Neck Surgeon or other physician.
All materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned by our Office, the AAO-HNS, AAO-HNSF, or AAP. Our Office, AAO-HNS, AAO-HNSF, and AAP hereby provide limited permission for the user of this site to reproduce, re-transmit, or reprint for such user’s own personal use (and for such personal use only) part or all of any document on this site as long as the copyright notice and permission notice is included in such reproduction, retransmission, or reprinting. All other reproduction, retransmission, or reprinting of all or part of any document found on this site are expressly prohibited, unless the AAO-HNS, AAO-HNSF, AAP has expressly granted its prior written consent to so reproduce, retransmit, or reprint the material. All other rights reserved.
The names, trademarks, service marks and logos of the AAO-HNS, AAO-HNSF, and AAP appearing on this site may not be used by any other party without prior, express written permission.
News Bulletin
Dr. Malis is the 1st in Florida to Offer 3D Navigation Technology to Balloon Sinuplasty Patients
Dr. Malis featured in Space Coast Medicine Magazine, “Balloon Sinuplasty Is Revolutionary Procedure”
Dr. Malis now performs in-office Balloon Sinuplasty™ for Chronic Sinusitus Sufferers
Contact Info Explore your treatment options!
phone: 321-254-5437
fax: 321-254-4543
Privacy & Disclaimer