https://mytherapynet.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Therapists
Addiction
Adolescents
Anxiety
Bipolar Disorder
Borderline Personality
Domestic Violence
Depression
Eating Disorders
Family
LGBTQ Issues
Marriage
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Parenting
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Relationships
Featured
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Pricing
Client FAQ
Therapist FAQ
How It Works
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions Agreement
Licensed Therapists CLICK HERE for a 100% FREE Online Therapy Account PLUS FREE LISTING
Home
Therapists
Addiction
Adolescents
Anxiety
Bipolar Disorder
Borderline Personality
Domestic Violence
Depression
Eating Disorders
Family
LGBTQ Issues
Marriage
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Parenting
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Relationships
Featured
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Pricing
Client FAQ
Therapist FAQ
How It Works
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions Agreement
Login/Register
Privacy PolicyHome
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Overview – TRUSTe,and HON Standards
This confirms that myTHERAPYnet.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for https://www.mytherapynet.com/.
TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build Users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices.  Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.  By displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, this web site has agreed to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under myTHERAPYnet.com control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact us at info@myTHERAPYnet.com.  If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at http://www.truste.org.  TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
myTHERAPYnet.com is also a participant in the BBBOnLine® Privacy Program. The BBBOnLine Privacy Program is backed by an organization noted for its expertise and experience in conducting successful national self-regulation programs-the Council of Better Business Bureaus. The mission of BBBOnLine is to promote trust and confidence on the Internet by advocating ethical online business and information practices. Further information about this program is available at http://www.bbbonline.org/
myTHERAPYnet.com also complies with the standards set by Health on the Net (HON).
The executive management of myTHERAPYnet.com are members of ISMHO.
The Information We Collect
From Users:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the myTHERAPYnet.com website. On some pages, you can meet with a licensed psychotherapist and engage in on-line therapy, coaching, counseling services, order products and/or make requests. The types of personal information collected at these pages can include:
(1) Username
(2) Password /Confirmation
(3) First name
(4) Middle name
(5) Last name
(6) E-mail address
(7) Date of birth
(8) State
(9) Gender
(10) Phone number
(11) Credit/Debit Card Information
(12) A psychosocial history
Some of this information, excluding bank information, is supplied to any therapist or counselor with which the User enters a relationship. Otherwise, only information necessary to set up an account and payment information is available to the staff of myTHERAPYnet.com, and is only accessed for administrative purposes (or at the User’s request). You may add or update any of your information at any time.
All personal information is otherwise private, and will not be made available to any other User of the Web site, or any other person or entity in general, without the consent of the User. Furthermore, the staff of myTHERAPYNET.com will only access User information for administrative purposes.
If you are engaging in on-line therapy with a therapist or counselor, he or she should make you aware of other exceptions to confidentiality such as, but is not limited to, suspected cases of child abuse, dependent adult abuse, elder abuse, and in cases where the client is a danger to self or to others.
AT THIS MOMENT, AS YOU READ THIS TEXT, IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING SUICIDE, PLEASE LOG OFF YOUR COMPUTER AND TELEPHONE THE POLICE OR EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES.
From Therapists:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the myTHERAPYnet.com website from psychotherapists providing services on the website. The types of personal information collected from the therapists, primarily on the Therapist’s Application Form, can include:
(1) First name
(2) Middle name
(3) Last name
(4) E-mail address
(5) Date of birth
(6) State
(7) Gender
(8) Phone number
(9) Office address
(10) Office phone number
(11) Liability insurance information
(12) Type of license
(13) License number
(14) Specialties
(15) Languages spoken
The Way We Use Information:
If you are engaging in online therapy, coaching and/or counseling, we will provide the User with your first and last name. The User can also select a therapist by specialty, gender, location and language.
If you are a therapist, we use your license and malpractice information to verify that you are a valid licensed and insured therapist in the state in which you reside.
If you are a therapist, we use your Office address, unless you notify us otherwise, to send a payment to you.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Orders
We request information from the User on our order form.  Here a User must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill a customer’s orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the User.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the User’s hard drive containing information about the User.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.  Once the User closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.  For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the User would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.  If a User rejects the cookie, he or she may still use our site.  The only drawback to this is that the User will be limited in some areas of our site.  Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our Users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track User’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill Users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. For instance, we might share the personal information you provide with business partners who are acting on our behalf to perform certain functions, such as data analysis, data storage, product shipping. These business partners are contractually obligated to abide by MTN’s privacy policies with respect to the use of your personal information, and to destroy any user information in their possession once the services are completed. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, myTHERAPYnet.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from Users via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is voluntary and the User therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.  Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes precautions to protect our Users’ information.  When Users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our Set Up An Account page, order form page or Intake Form asks Users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the quality encryption software, e.g., SSL.  While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect User-information off-line.  All of our Users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.  Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.  Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected.  Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to info@mytherapynet.com.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the User site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate via email or phone with the User to provide requested services and in regard to issues relating to their account.
How to Access, Correct or Update Your Information
At any time, you may later review or update the personal information we have collected online
from you by contacting us at: info@myTHERAPYnet.com.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications.  They do so by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email that they have received or email us directly at info@mytherapynet.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our Users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify Users by way of an email.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contacting myTHERAPYnet.com
If you have any questions about myTHERAPYnet.com’s Privacy Policy, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
myTHERAPYnet, Inc.
20501 Ventura Blvd., Suite 252, Woodland Hills, CA 91364
Email: Info@mytherapynet.com
Follow Us
Quick Links
Blog
FAQ
Contact
For Clients
Register
For Therapists
Apply to be a MyTherapyNet.com Therapist
© 2020 MyTherapyNet.com. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions Agreement