https://ncaddnj.nationbuilder.com/privacy_policy
New Advocates Sign Up
Advocacy Leadership Program
Public Policy
Contact Us
Donate
Job Opportunities
Resources
WFNJ-SAI-BHI
Research
Blogger
Decriminalization
COVID19-Resources
HIPAA Notices
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
NCADD-NJ PRIVACY POLICYNCADD-NJ is committed to and respects the privacy of every visitor to our website. We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website. In addition, any personal information you give us through email messages, surveys, forms, etc. is not maintained or used by us except as intended or authorized by you.
Our Use of Cookies and IP AddressesWe may send cookies (a temporary text file) to your computer in order to enhance your use of our website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. Our web application can then tailor its operations to your individual needs and interests. These files also help us to gather and compile aggregate data that can lead to website improvements. You can block or deny our cookie, but you may lose some website functionality as a result. In addition to the use of cookies, we also collect an IP (Internet Protocol) address from all visitors to our website. Among other purposes, we use IP addresses to diagnose problems with our server, analyze trends, and gather broad demographic information to aid us in managing and improving our website. IP addresses do not provide us with any identifiable personal information.
Links to Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites. However, once you leave our website, we have no control over that other website. Our privacy policy and security practices apply only to our website.
QuestionsIf you have any questions about this policy, please contact Andora Hightower at 609-689-0599 or ahightower@ncaddnj.org
Do you like this page?
Tweet
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with Email
Optional email code
Events and Meetings
Need Help?
NCADDNJ
Follow @NCADDNJ on Twitter