http://neflaa.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About
New to AA?
Is A.A. For You?
Recovery Stories
AA World Services
Other AA Links
Meetings
Find A Meeting
Area Map
Meeting Guide Mobile App
Se Habla Español
Meeting Types
Club Information
Local Meetings Display
Events
Intergroup
“Add A Line” NE FL Newsletter
Intergroup Business Meeting
Sample GSR Report
By-Laws
District Information
Committees >>
Steering Committee
Website Committee
Add A Line Committee
Archives Committee
Banquet Committee
CPC/PI
Corrections Committee
Finance Committee
Grapevine Committee
Accessibility Committee
Intergroup Office Volunteers
Phone Army
Treatment Facility
Finances
AA Literature Price List
Contributions
Contribution Information
Online Meetings
IG Store Odds/Ends/News
Pandemic Updates
Club Updates
Area Assembly – Online Participation & Updates
Service Opportunities
Area Office
NE FL Committees
Groups And Meetings
Contact
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, group name, or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your service requests.
To quickly process your transactions and/or donations.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How long do we retain your data?
If you submit a form on our site, the form data and its relative metadata are retained indefinitely. We reserve the right to periodically delete historical form data, as this data is not required for the betterment of Northeast Florida Intergroup Services or those we serve.
What rights do you have over your data?
If you have submitted a form through this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular malware scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and all sensitive financial data related to these are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or in person at the Intergroup office.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more.
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification within 1 business day
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Include the physical address of Northeast Florida Intergroup Services
Monitor third-party email services for compliance, if one is ever used
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Stock Photography Models
Any persons shown in photographs on this website are stock photography models and are not actual members of Alcoholics Anonymous, nor are they affiliated with, Alcoholics Anonymous or Northeast Florida Intergroup Services. The photographs showing the models are used on this website for illustrative purposes only. The models do not personally endorse Alcoholics Anonymous, or any products, services, causes, or endeavors associated with, or provided by Northeast Florida Intergroup Services. The context in which the photographs are used on this website is not intended to reflect personally on any of the models shown in the photographs.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Northeast Florida Intergroup Services
3128 Beach Blvd, Jacksonville, FL 32207
Phone: 904-399-8535
Fax: 904 399-8537
Last Edited on 2018-06-03
Northeast Florida Intergroup Services
3128 Beach Blvd, Jacksonville, FL 32207 904-399-8535 neflintergroup@gmail.comMonday to Friday: 9 AM – 5 PM
Closed on Saturday until Further Notice
Search NEFLAA.org
Upcoming Events
Sat
12
Traditions Workshop (Traditions 10, 11, & 12)
December 12 @ 10:30 am - 12:30 pm
Zoom Meeting
Sat
12
Staying Sober Through the Holidays 4-Wk EVENT! ON ZOOM
December 12 @ 11:00 am - 12:00 pm
Sat
12
The AA Group Workshop (Dist. 24)
December 12 @ 11:00 am
View More…
Join the Faithful Fivers!
Faithful Fivers are members who contribute $5 or more a month directly to the Intergroup office to help support Intergroup’s ability to carry the message of Alcoholics Anonymous. The program came about when members remember wasting more than $5 drinking. It’s a small contribution to the program that has saved so many.
Join today by clicking the PayPal link below: