http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/carpal-tunnel-syndrome/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
All Neurological Surgery physicians at the University of Florida treat patients with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Neurosurgery Faculty Physicians
About Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Three nerves (median, ulnar and radial) supply sensation and promote movement of the hand. The median nerve, arising from multiple nerves of the spinal cord, travels along the middle arm and forearm through the wrist and into the hand. This nerve passes though the wrist in a tunnel known as the carpal tunnel. Numerous tendons that control finger movement form the base and walls of the carpal tunnel. A broad fibrous band, the transverse carpal ligament, forms the tunnel roof. With thickening of this ligament the median nerve can be compressed in this tunnel causing pain and numbness in the hand.
Risk factors for carpal tunnel syndrome include repetitive movements of the wrist in certain jobs such as assembly line work or typing. Retained fluid or soft tissue swelling can cause median nerve entrapment in pregnancy, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, degenerative arthritis, lupus, and trauma. Endocrinologic causes of carpal tunnel syndrome include acromegaly and hypothyroidism.
Other disorders that may cause similar pain are cervical spine disease, brachial plexus injuries and other peripheral nerve problems.
Symptoms
Patients may complain of tingling or “pins and needles” in their fingers and hand, most significantly in the thumb, index and middle fingers. Sensory loss and a burning sensation are also commonly reported. Pain may radiate up into the arm. Often patients notice difficulty with fine motor movements. Eventually, there is wasting of the muscles in the hands. Many times symptoms are worse at night.
Diagnosis
The diagnosis of carpal tunnel syndrome involves and neurological history and physical examination and diagnostic electrical studies. Tapping over the wrist (Tinel’s sign) or placing the hand in a flexed position (Phalen’s sign) may reproduce the tingling or pain. Wasting of the hand muscles may be seen as a late sign.
Electromyography (EMG) and nerve conduction studies (NCS) are done to confirm the diagnosis.
Treatment
Wrist extension brace
Conservative treatment involves a extension wrist splint and the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory pain relievers. Many patients will have significant improvement with medical management. Steroid injections may also be helpful.
Patients who fail conservative therapy and those with severe symptoms may be candidates for surgical decompression. This surgery is typically performed under local anesthesia with intravenous sedation. A one inch incision is made in the palm over the carpal ligament. The soft tissue is dissected to the level of the ligament and it is cut to relieve the pressure on the median nerve. This surgery is a short outpatient procedure with a very high success rate.
Figure depicting surgery for CTS