http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/epilepsy/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Epilepsy
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
The University of Florida has a dedicated team to treat epilepsy.
Epilepsy Surgery
Epilepsy Neurophysiology Lab
In the Department of Neurosurgery, treatment for people with epilepsy is provided by:
Dr. Steven Roper, Adult Patients
Dr. Jason Blatt, and  Pediatric and Adolescent Patients
A Family Guide to Epilepsy Treatment
About Epilepsy
Epilepsy is one of the most common neurological disorders. Approximately 2.5 million people in the U.S. alone suffer from epilepsy. Epilepsy is really many diseases but they all have in common the repetitive occurrence of epileptic seizures. A seizure is a period of abnormal activity where a group of brain cells (neurons) fire more frequently than usual and in unison. This can occur in a small region of the brain (partial seizures) or throughout both of the brain’s hemispheres (generalized seizures). They are often accompanied by loss of consciousness and abnormal behavior (such as jerking of an arm). They usually start and stop abruptly and may be followed by a period of altered awareness or weakness (the post-ictal period). Epilepsy can strike at any age, but it is especially common in children and the elderly.
Epilepsy Control
Some types of epilepsy are well controlled with medication (anti-epileptic drugs, AEDs). There are a large number of medications that can be used to treat epilepsy and this is best managed by a Neurologist that specializes in the treatment of epilepsy. However, about 30% of people with epilepsy cannot be controlled with medications alone. Those people may be candidates for other therapies such as epilepsy surgery and they should be evaluated by a specialized comprehensive epilepsy center, such as the one at the University of Florida. Uncontrolled epilepsy severely impacts all aspects of a patient’s life including their education, personal relationships, ability to drive and work, and it even increases their risk of sudden, unexplained death.
The University of Florida has assembled an experienced team of health care professionals dedicated to providing optimum care for people with difficult-to-control epilepsy.
For More Information
American Epilepsy Society
Epilepsy Foundation
Epilepsy Foundation Florida