http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/brain-abscess/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Brain Abscess
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
All Neurological Surgery physicians at the University of Florida treat patients with brain abscess.
Neurosurgery Faculty Physician
About Brain Abscess
Brain abscesses are caused by bacterial, fungal and parasitic organisms. Infections in other body organs such as pneumonia, dental abscess or endocarditis, may spread through the blood stream and lodge in the brain, leading to one or more brain abscesses. Infections of the face or sinuses may spread directly to the brain. Occasionally, brain abscesses develop in patients following neurosurgical procedures, such as craniotomy for brain tumor.
Patients who are immunocompromised are at higher risk for brain abscesses. AIDS patients have a high predilection for developing toxoplasmosis infections of the brain (as well as other unusual organisms).
Symptoms
Patients may complain of headaches, low-grade fever, neck stiffness, and nausea or vomiting. Some will present with seizures or mental status changes. Focal neurological problems, such as speech problems, weakness or numbness can be noted if the abscess involves critical areas of the brain. If the brain abscess is secondary to another infectious process, there may be symptoms suggestive of the primary infection, for example pneumonia.
Diagnosis
Left: MRI scan showing several contrast enhancing lesions suspicious for brain abscess.
The diagnosis is usually made by a combination of the history, physical exam and brain imaging. MRI with and without contrast is the study of choice. Unlike other brain infections, a brain abscess is usually not diagnosed by CSF studies.
Lumbar puncture actually may be contraindicated in these patients secondary to the mass effect the abscess has on the brain. If CSF is removed, the swollen brain can shift into small openings in the dura and skull causing neurological deterioration.
Treatment
The treatment of the cerebral abscess depends on the organism identified. If abscesses are small or multiple, stereotactic aspiration may be performed to obtain a sample of tissue. Larger or solitary abscesses are usually treated via craniotomy and surgical excision.  Once the organism is identified, long term intravenous antibiotics area used to treat the infection.