http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/cubital-tunnel-syndrome/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
Surgery for the treatment of cubital tunnel syndrome is performed by:
Dr. William Friedman
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome New Patients and Self Referrals
About Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
The hand has several nerves that supply sensation and movement. The two main nerves of the hand are the median and ulnar nerves. Nerve roots from the spinal cord come together in the axilla to make the brachial plexus, which then splits into many nerves, one of which is the ulnar nerve. The ulnar nerve innervates muscles in the forearm and hand, and gives sensation to parts of the hand. As the ulnar nerve travels to the hand from the arm, it passes through the elbow. The ulnar nerve rests in the condylar groove of the cubital tunnel (the elbow joint) and can be compressed for several reasons.
It is subject to external compression and repetitive minor impacts. The nerve can be compressed from scarring of the ligament over the cubital tunnel. Flexion of the elbow stretches the nerve, which also increases pressure. If the nerve gets entrapped in this area, it can cause numbness and tingling in the palm, ring finger, and small finger. This is called an cubital tunnel syndrome syndrome, or ulnar neuropathy.
Symptoms
Early symptoms include intermittent tingling and pins and needles sensation along the ring and little finger and discomfort along the medial aspect of the forearm.
As the disease process progresses patients may complain of pain around the elbow that is exacerbated by any kind of contact.
Later symptoms include numbness and weakness of the hand muscles. There often is significant wasting of the intrinsic hand muscles. The last two fingers can assume a classic claw hand posture from ulnar neuropathy.
Diagnosis
Patients may complain of tingling or “pins and needles” in their fingers and hand, most significantly in the middle, ring, and little finger.
Sensory loss and a burning sensation are commonly reported.
Pain may radiate up into the arm.
By tapping the nerve at the cubital tunnel (elbow) during physical exam, patients may experience electric shocks or tingling sensation in the ring and little fingers.
Sensory exam may show diminished sensation to pinprick and light touch along the little and ring fingers.
Weakness of spreading the fingers apart may also appear later in the disease process.
Patients may have trouble holding on to a sheet of paper with their thumb and index finger (Froment’s sign).
Electromyography (EMG) and nerve conduction studies (NCS) are done to confirm electrical changes in the ulnar nerve indicative of significant compression.
Treatment Options
Conservative Management
Conservative management involves using an elbow splint at night, using elbow pads for “elbow resters” and modification of work-related repetitive elbow flexion. Over-the-counter pain relievers can also provide temporary relief.
Many people will have significant relief of their symptoms with conservative treatment.
Surgical Treatment
Patients who fail conservative therapy or having severe symptoms with neurological deficit may undergo surgery to relieve the pressure on the nerve.
Ulnar decompression involves making a 3-4 inch incision over the elbow joint and incising one of the ligaments of the tunnel. This opens the tunnel and reduces the pressure on the nerve.
Ulnar decompression surgery is performed under local anesthesia and is usually an outpatient procedure. No immobilization is necessary after the surgery and patients recover quickly.
Publications
View publications by Dr. William Friedman
Appointments
Call our office in Gainesville at (352) 273-6990
or
Click here for Appointment Scheduling Information