http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/spinal-cord-tumors/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Spinal Cord Tumors
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
Spinal cord tumors are treated, at the University of Florida, by:
Adult Patients
Dr. Daniel Hoh
Dr. William Friedman
Dr. Gregory Murad
Dr. Adam Polifka
Dr. Matthew Decker
Pediatric Patients
Dr. Jason Blatt
Dr. Lance Governale
About Spinal Cord Tumors
The spinal cord is surrounded by tough fibrous covering called the dura. The spinal cord and dura are located within a bony canal created by the vertebral column. Tumors can arise in any of these spaces and are grouped according to location.
The three groups of spinal tumors are:
extradural (outside of the dura),
intradural-extramedullary (between the spinal cord and the dura), or
intramedullary (within the substance of the spinal cord itself)
The location of the tumor can be identified on imaging studies, such as MRI, of the spinal column.
In general, extradural lesions are the most common representing 60% of all spinal tumors, with the majority originating from the vertebrae. Intradural-extramedullary tumors represent 30% of all spinal tumors.
Intramedullary tumors are uncommon spinal tumors (10% of all spinal tumors), and occur most often in the cervical spinal cord. These are often associated with a dilated fluid cavity called a syrnix.
The most common extradural tumors are metastatic – that is, they spread from some primary tumor site (like lung), through the blood stream, to the bones of the spinal column.
The most common intradural-extramedullary tumors are meningiomas and schwannomas. Meningiomas arise from the dura itself and a more common in women. Schwannomas arise from the lining of nerve roots.
The most common intramedullary tumors are:
Astrocytoma: tumors from the support cells in the spinal cord
Ependymoma: tumors from the cells that line the central spinal cord
Hemangioblastoma: vascular tumors within the spinal cord
Symptoms
Patients with spinal tumors typically present with back pain at the level of the lesion. The symptoms can be of long duration because these lesions grow slowly. The pain tends to be worse at night. Patients may develop weakness, numbness, difficulty walking, and bowel/bladder dysfunction.
Diagnosis
A detailed neurological physical examination can localize the level of the spinal cord tumor. Individual muscle groups are tested for strength to determine any signs of weakness. Sensation is tested to evaluate for any signs of numbness. Reflexes are tested at the elbows, hands, knees, and ankles for any abnormalities. The diagnostic test of choice is an MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) study with and without contrast.
Treatment
Surgery is often performed on spinal tumors in order to obtain tissue for diagnosis, relieve pressure on the spinal cord, and stabilize the spine if necessary.
Typically the patient is put in a prone position and a laminectomy (removal of bone overlying the spinal cord) is performed after radiographic confirmation of the appropriate spinal level. The dura is exposed at the correct level and opened if the tumor is intradural.
Using the intraoperative microscope, the tumor is then excised and sent for pathological examination.
Surgery alone is usually curative for benign tumors. Metastatic tumors and some gliomas are also treated with postoperative radiation therapy.
Publications
View publications by:
Dr. Daniel Hoh
Dr. William Friedman
Dr. Gregory Murad
Dr. Adam Polifka
Dr. Jason Blatt
Dr. Lance Governale