https://neuropraxis.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY STATEMENT
4/02/2020
Welcome to NeuroPraxis. This Privacy Policy explains how NeuroPraxis.com LLC. (“NeuroPraxis”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about you when you access or use our mobile application, website or other online products and services (collectively, the “services”). In addition, it applies to when you contact our customer service team, engage on social media, or other ways of interacting with us.
This Privacy Policy is subject to change and you will be notified by us revising the date at the top of the policy. We may also provide you with an additional notice at our discretion. You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available for you.
By using our Service, you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to share information about you, including private information about you and public information about you.
This policy applies to all visitors, users and others who access our Services.
SECTION 1 – INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect your information when you register for an account with us or participate in any of our interactive features on our website, mobile application or other services. The information collected could include but is not limited to your name, email, password, address, payment method, feedback, reviews, time and dates of usage or transactions, and other information included in any messages you send us. We may also collect usage information about the sessions you use and what features you access.
With your permission, we may send you emails about our services, new products and other updates.
Other information we may collect and store when you use our services:
Log Information: When you visit our website or mobile application, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. This may also include the type of browser you use, app version and time and date.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies: We use technologies to collect information, including cookies. Please see our cookie policy for detailed information: www.neuropraxis.com/cookiepolicy
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We obtain information about you from other sources which may include transaction information from third-party app stores. We may also collect information about you through a social media service in accordance with the authorization procedures set by that social media service.
SECTION 2 – USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain, improve and develop our products and services
Process transactions and order fulfillment
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities
Comply with the law by saving transactional records for tax purposes
Facilitate contests, promotions and offer rewards
Monitor and analyze usage trends and activities regarding our product and services
Communicate about our products, services, request feedback
Send transactional messages including customer services responses, account notifications, payment receipts
SECTION 3 – INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
Certain third-party service providers, such as payment processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
We share information you provide to use as follows:
With companies and contractors (“Service Providers”) that perform services for us including email service providers, payment processors, fraud prevention vendors and others;
If we believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law or legal process including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies or if we believe you have violated the law;
To protect the rights, property and safety of NeuroPraxis LLC or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among NeuroPraxis affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership;
With your consent including when you share actions you take on our Services with third-party social media services via the integrated tools provided in our Services;
SECTION 4 – ANALYTICS
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends of our Services. These tools use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and online services including your IP address, web browser, device identifier, mobile network information, links clicked, pages viewed, time spent in apps. This information may be used by NeuroPraxis and others to better understand online activity so that we may improve our services.
SECTION 5 – DATA TRANSFER
NeuroPraxis is based in the United States and processes information in the United States which may or may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. As outline in our Terms and Conditions, The Website is intended for users from the United States only. Users from the European Union or outside of the United States are advised not to disclose personal information to Company.
SECTION 6 – STRIPE
All payments are processed through Stripe. They provide us with the online e-commerce payment processing that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Stripe’s data storage, databases and the general Stripe application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Stripe stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data for future payments.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Stripe’s Terms of Service or Privacy Statement
SECTION 7 – SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 8 – COOKIES
Please view our Cookies Policy regarding information
SECTION 9 – AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 10 – CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please reach out to us at support@neuropraxis.com