http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/spinal-avm/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
The Neurovascular Center at the University of Florida provides individualized treatment for many spinal AVMs each year.
Neurovascular Center
The Neurovascular team includes:
Dr. Brian Hoh
Dr. Adam Polifka
Nohra Chalouhi
About Spinal AVM
The spinal cord is composed of neurons, support cells and interwoven vascular structures that perfuse the spinal tissue. The spinal cord extends from the base of the brain, down the middle of the back, to level of the waist. The nerves that lie within the spinal cord function to carry messages back and forth from the brain to the spinal nerves located along the spinal cord.
Spinal cord arteriovenous malformations are a group of blood vessel disorders that affect the spinal cord blood supply.
Spinal cord AVMs are categorized into four groups:
Type 1
These are dural arteriovenous fistulas (AVF) arising at the dural nerve root sleeve. Symptoms arise because the AVF causes venous congestion and hypertension, resulting in poor perfusion of the spinal cord. This is the most common type of spinal AVM. They usually occur in patients older than 40. Males are affected more commonly than females.
Type 2
These are intradural glomus-type AVMs with a tightly compacted group of arterial and venous vessels inside a short segment of the spinal cord. These tend to occur in patients less than 30.
Type 3
These are arteriovenous abnormalities of the spinal cord tissue and, often, surrounding soft tissue, fed by multiple vessels. They are called “juvenile” malformations and usually occur in patients less than 30.
Type 4
These are intradural extramedullary arteriovenous fistulas on the surface of the cord.
Signs/Symptoms
The clinical presentation of spinal AVMs is specific to the type of AVM. The majority of these AVMs present with progressive neurological symptoms over several months to years. The symptoms are usually back pain associated with progressive sensory loss and lower extremity weakness. A small number of spinal cord AVMs present as a sudden onset of weakness, numbness, difficulty urinating, urinary incontinence, fecal incontinence, or paralysis due to acute hemorrhage.
Diagnosis
MR (magnetic resonance) imaging of the spine will usually show dilated vascular channels along the dorsal cord. Spinal angiography is performed to confirm the diagnosis and identify the specific vessels supplying the malformation.
Treatment of Spinal Cord AVM
The definitive treatment of spinal AVMs is either surgery or endovascular therapy. Surgery involves performing a laminectomy (removal of bone over the spinal cord) over the area of the AVM and removing the lesion. Endovascular therapy involves placing a catheter into the AVM from the groin (the femoral artery) and injecting glue into the AVM to stop its blood flow.
Each spinal AVM is unique and requires an individualized treatment strategy.
Publications
View publications by:
Dr. Brian Hoh
Dr. Adam Polifka