http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/craniopharyngioma/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Craniopharyngioma
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
At the University of Florida, we have specialists to treat craniopharyngioma in both adult and pediatric patients.
Steven Roper, Adult Patients
William Friedman, Adult Patients
Jason Blatt and Dr. Lance Governale, Pediatric Patients
About Craniopharyngioma
Craniopharyngioma is a benign brain tumor most commonly occurring in the suprasellar area of the brain. This is the area of the brain near the pituitary gland and optic nerves.
Craniopharyngiomas are epithelial tumors that arise along the path of the craniopharyngeal duct. They account for 2.5% of all primary intracranial neoplasms. Craniopharygiomas occur in a bimodal age distribution, with the first peak occurring in childhood and early adolescence, predominately at age 5-10 years. The second peak occurs atage 40-60 years. These tumors occur equally in men and women.
Symptoms
The clinical presentation of craniopharyngiomas includes visual loss, endocrinologic disturbances, and headache. Most patients will complain of visual loss in both peripheral fields. This is known as “bitemporal hemianopsia,” and is a result of the tumor pressing on the optic chiasm (a structure where the two optic nerves cross). As the tumor enlarges it can lead to blindness in one or both eyes.
Headaches are common and may be bifrontal or frontotemporal. If there is significant obstruction of the normal CSF pathways, the headache can be accompanied by nausea and vomiting.
Because of the proximity of the tumor to the pituitary gland and hypothalamus (the brain structures which regulate bodily endocrine function) many patients will have signs or symptoms of endocrine dysfunction, including growth failure, altered body weight, menstrual irregularity, decreased libido, hypothyroidism, or delayed or precocious puberty.
Diagnosis
The definitive diagnosis of craniopharyngioma is made by neuroimaging studies, such as CT and MRI scans of the brain. CT scan will reveal a calcified tumor in the sellar-suprasellar areas. MRI with and without contrast will show the full extent of the tumor and its involvement with adjacent brain.
MRI scan showing large mass in the suprasellar space
Endocrinological studies, such as thyroid hormone, growth hormone and cortisol levels, may be useful is ruling out other types of tumors
Opthalmological examinations, especially visual field testing and fundoscopic examinations, help determine the degree of visual loss.
Treatment
Surgery
The first step in treatment is surgery. Surgery provides tissue for diagnosis and relieves any pressure on the brain caused by the tumor. Surgery alone may be curative if the entire tumor can be safely removed. A variety of surgical approaches (subfrontal, pterional, transphenoidal, tranventricular) may be used depending on the size and location of the tumor.
Radiation Therapy
When complete excision of craniopharyngioma is not possible, surgery is usually followed by radiation therapy. A typical course of radiation therapy would involve daily treatments, Monday through Friday, for five or six weeks. Radiation therapy following surgery results in a high long term cure rate.
Medical Management
When there are significant endocrinological disturbances caused by the tumor or surgery, specific hormones may need to be replaced, with such medicines as DDAVP, thyroid hormone, and steroids. This is usually managed with help from the medical endocrinology service.
Publications
View publications by Dr. Steven Roper
View publications by Dr. William Friedman
View publications by Dr. Jason Blatt
View publications by Dr. Lance Governale