http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/cerebral-aneurysm/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Cerebral Aneurysm
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
At the University of Florida, about 400 aneurysm patients are treated each year.
Neurovascular Surgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Patients are treated by:
Dr. Brian Hoh
Dr. Adam Polifka
Nohra Chalouhi
About Cerebral Aneurysm (Brain Aneurysm)
A cerebral aneurysm, often referred to as a brain aneurysm or simply as an aneurysm, is a weakness in the wall of an artery in the brain which leads to a balloon-like sac outpouching. Cerebral aneurysms occur more commonly in women than men, and occur mainly in adults.
Symptoms
A small, unchanging aneurysm may produce no symptoms. However, aneurysms are at risk for rupturing and causing bleeding in the brain. When an aneurysm ruptures, the patient may experience a sudden and usually severe headache (“worst headache of my life”), nausea, vision impairment, vomiting, and loss of consciousness. Onset is usually sudden and without warning. When an aneurysm ruptures, 50% of people die from it, and of those that live, many are permanently disabled. So we try to eliminate aneurysms whenever possible before they rupture.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis of a cerebral aneurysm is usually by CT angiogram, MR angiogram, and sometimes a catheter cerebral angiogram. If an aneurysm is suspected of rupturing, a head CT scan can diagnose the blood. A lumbar puncture may be necessary to confirm the suspicion of blood from an aneurysm rupture.
CT scan showing blood (white) in the subarachnoid space
Formal angiogram showing aneurysm
Treatment of Ruptured Aneurysm
When an aneurysm ruptures, the patient is admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU). Hydrocephalus (excess brain fluid) develops in some patients because of blood clogging the absorption channels for normal brain fluid, and placement of a ventriculostomy catheter (a plastic tube inserted into the brain) can be a life-saving treatment to drain the excess brain fluid.
A cerebral aneurysm is treated to prevent it from bleeding again. The second bleed from an aneurysm that has already ruptured is associated with a 79% death rate.
Cerebral aneurysms can be treated with surgery which involves craniotomy (opening the skull) and placing a titanium clip to pinch the aneurysm.
Most cerebral aneurysms can be treated with coiling, a minimally invasive treatment in which tiny platinum coils are placed within the aneurysm to block it off. The coils are inserted through a tiny plastic tube that is inserted in the patient’s groin artery and navigated to the brain using x-ray guidance and requiring no surgery.
Microcoils placed into an aneurysm
Aneurysm clip
Vasospasm
One out of five patients with a ruptured cerebral aneurysm develops a life-threatening condition called vasospasm. The brain blood vessels shrink down due to irritation and can cause strokes and death. Vasospasm is treated by raising the patient’s blood pressure with medications. Sometimes patients are treated with balloons to open up the shrunken blood vessels and medications injected directly into the affected blood vessels via a tiny plastic tube inserted in the patient’s groin and navigated to the brain using x-ray guidance.
Treatment of Unruptured Aneurysm
Some patients have a cerebral aneurysm that is found before it ruptures. Often, these patients are advised to have their aneurysm treated to prevent it from rupturing. The aneurysm is treated either with the surgery clipping operation or the nonsurgical coiling procedure described above.
Publications
View publications by:
Dr. Brian Hoh
Dr. Adam Polifka