http://neurosurgery.ufl.edu/patient-care/diseases-conditions/moyamoya-disease/
Patients
Adult Disease or Condition
Moyamoya Disease
Patients Overview
Expand Adult Disease or Condition Submenu
Adult Disease or Condition
Acoustic Neuroma (aka acoustic schwannoma, vestibular schwannoma)
Adult Brain Tumors
Arteriovenous Malformation (AVM)
Brain Abscess
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cerebral Aneurysm
Chiari Malformations
Craniopharyngioma
Cubital Tunnel Syndrome
Epilepsy
Herniated Disc - Lumbar
Herniated Disc - Cervical
Hemifacial Spasm
Hydrocephalus
Movement Disorders
Moyamoya Disease
Pituitary Tumors
Spinal AVM (Arteriovenous Malformation)
Spinal Cord Injury
Spinal Cord Tumors
Spinal Deformity
Spinal Fractures
Spinal Stenosis
Stroke Information and Treatment
Traumatic Brain Injury
Vein of Galen Malformation
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand UF Pediatric Neurosurgery Submenu
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery
Expand Meet Our Team Submenu
Meet Our Team
Pediatric Neurosurgery Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Clinical Team
Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Research Team
UF Pediatric Neurosurgery - Locations
Neurosurgical Operating Rooms
Patient Testimonials
Patient Stories
Expand Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services Submenu
Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
All Pediatric Diseases, Conditions and Services
Pediatric Brain and Spinal Cord Tumors
Pediatric Chiari Malformations
Pediatric Craniosynostosis
Pediatric Epilepsy
Pediatric Hydrocephalus
Pediatric Spina Bifida
Expand Our Faculty Clinical Specialties Submenu
Our Faculty Clinical Specialties
Computer Guided Neurosurgery
Endovascular Neurosurgery
Epilepsy Surgery
Extra-Intra Cranial Bypass
Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery
Movement Disorder Surgery
MRI Guided Laser Ablation (Laser Interstitial Thermotherapy (LITT))
Neurovascular (Cerebrovascular) Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Pituitary Surgery
Radiosurgery
Spine and Spinal Cord Surgery
Stereotactic Brain Biopsy
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Expand Podcasts and Videos Submenu
Podcasts and Videos
UF Brain Tumor Videos
Clinical Trials
Brain Tumor Therapy
Make a Gift
Moyamoya disease is treated regularly at the University of Florida.
Extracranial-Intracranial Bypass [EC-IC]
Neurovascular Surgery
Pediatric Neurosurgery
Patients are treated by:
Dr. Brian Hoh
Dr. Adam Polifka
Nohra Chalouhi
About Moyamoya Disease
Moyamoya disease is a progressive disease of the proximal cerebral blood vessels. It is characterized by narrowing of the internal carotid artery, middle cerebral artery, and anterior cerebral artery. The condition leads to irreversible blockage of the main blood vessels to the brain as they enter into the skull.
Moyamoya tends to affect children, as well as adults in the third to fourth decades of life. Children present with symptoms of stroke, such as weakness of an arm or leg, or seizures. Adults tend to present with ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke.
Signs and Symptoms
Patients tend to present with signs of stroke or mini-strokes. They complain of speech difficulties, paralysis of part of the body, weakness, numbness, or loss of consciousness. Symptoms can be permanent or transient
Diagnosis of Moyamoya
The diagnosis is made by any neuroimaging study that evaluates blood vessels.
Formal angiography of the cerebral vessels is the most accurate.
CT-angiogram and MR-angiogram can make the diagnosis as well.
MRI with diffusion weighting is the best study to evaluate for evidence of strokes. Sometimes nuclear medicine studies such as SPECT (single photon emission computerized tomography) or a DIAMOX nuclear medicine scan are used to demonstrate the decreased blood and oxygen supply to areas of the brain involved with the Moyamoya disease.
Treatment of Moyamoya Disease
The initial therapy for Moyamoya consists of blood-thinning therapy, usually aspirin. This helps blood travel through the narrowed intracranial blood vessels. Most patients are followed regularly and have repeat imaging to evaluate any changes in blood vessel size. Surgery is indicated if there are worsening symptoms. The 2 surgical treatments that we offer are:
Direct revascularization (STA to MCA bypass), which involves actually joining the superficial temporal artery to a blood vessel on the surface of the brain (see EC-IC bypass).
Indirect revascularization (EDAS procedure); an on-lay revascularization procedure. EDAS involves dissecting out blood vessels on the scalp and laying them directly on the brain to encourage the growth of new vessels.
Publications
View publications by:
Dr. Brian Hoh
Dr. Adam Polifka