https://newbodyreport.com/can-cardio-workouts-with-rebounding-boots-help-target-your-abs/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerNew Body Report.com
All Reviews
Ab Workout Tips
Guides
You are here: Home / Uncategorized / Can Cardio Workouts with Rebounding Boots Help Target Your Abs?
When you think of an ab workout, you may think of hundreds of sit-ups, using ab machines, and other types of traditional gym equipment.  In reality, you can also tone your midsection by rebounding.  It takes core strength to keep your balance when using rebounding boots.
Rebounding boots look a lot like ski boots, but they have an elliptical apparatus affixed to the soles that gives when you walk. Spring-loaded boots were originally invented to help athletes recovering from leg injuries, and rebounding gained popularity in the late ’90s.
These cardio workouts use the gravity force generated by jumping for greater resistance and the rebounding boots reduce impact, so you can target muscle groups longer without stress to your joints.
There are several options of rebounding boots available. Whether it is a pair of Kangoo Jumps XR3 or Bounce Boots by Diana Rojas or another rebounding boot choice, you can do moves that increase your heart rate and target your abdominals.
The Twist
Start with a gentle bounce.  Once you develop a rhythm, twist your upper body to the right, then the left, then the right again.  Each time you bounce up, turn your body and keep that rhythm.  This exercise is easy to do and targets the obliques, or the sides of your body.  Ready to get rid of muffin top or love handles?  You will feel the difference after a minute.
Knees Up
Rebounding is fun for some adults because there is less impact in each step compared to running on pavement or a treadmill and it is more fun because you feel like you have superhuman abilities.  Simply jogging in place with rebounding boots is great for cardio, but you can also incorporate moves for your abs.
As you jog, raise your knees higher.  Not only are you trying to keep your balance, but you are working your lower abdominals with these efforts.  Jog with your knees up for a minute, then rest between sets.  When you feel like you need more of a challenge, extend your jog time a little longer.
Want to work all of your abdominals?  Place your hands behind your head.  As you bring one knee up, bend down and touch your opposite elbow to your knee (right knee, left elbow; left knee, right elbow).  Keep your feet about shoulder-width apart.  See how many times you can do this, but aim for at least 10 to start.  Once you meet that goal, add five more repetitions.  Be sure to rest between sets.
Rebounding Classes
In most rebounding classes, the class atmosphere is welcoming — a friendly group of (mostly) women in their 30s on up. Most have brought their own Kangoo Jumps, which you can buy online for between $225-$250.
At first, you may feel awkward and off-balance. But as soon as you start jumping, you will almost forget that the rebounding boots are even there. The classes often consist of two segments — the first focuses on cardio and the second on strength. Ample jumping in the first half will definitely get your heart pumping.
The instructor will then, guide the class through a series leg lifts and twists at the end (the shoes act as a weight). Upbeat hip-hop, Dance, and Latin music can be a powerful motivational tool as well.
The actual workout isn’t much different than your average cardio routine, and the choreography is simple and mostly easy to follow. So what does a rebound class have on other, less bouncy workouts?
The main difference is wearing rebounding boots reduces 80 percent of the impact on your joints and helps burn as many as 1,000 calories per hour-long class. Plus, it’s always nice to have a little extra “spring” in your step.
Pro tip: Make sure your ankles and lower legs are covered with either socks or leggings to prevent the boots from rubbing against your skin.
Get the Jump on Rebounding Boots
Though classes aren’t available everywhere, you can also rebound on your own. The more that you jump, you will see that you are doing more to tone your abs.  Although any type of physical activity is good for your overall body, cardiovascular exercises like jumping jacks and jogging are part of a weight loss regimen that will help you lose fat over time.
Rebounding exercises like the ones mentioned above can increase your heart rate and strengthen the muscles around the midsection, but it works best when you continue exercises on a regular basis, such as 30 minutes a day.  If you have fun doing it, using rebounding boots, you will be more excited about working out and make it a healthy habit.
Primary SidebarSearch this website
FacebookGoogle+LinkedInTwitterYouTube
FooterGet Social With Us
FacebookInstagramPinterestTumblrTwitterYouTube
New Body Report.com
About
Disclosure
Privacy Policy
Contact
GDPR – Request personal data
Search this website
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings