https://newhair.com/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY
At the New Hair Institute, your privacy is paramount. This page is intended to display our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is intended to define how the New Hair Institute uses and protects any information that you provide when using this website.
The New Hair Institute is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain identification information when using this website it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The New Hair Institute may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page to ensure that you are aware of any changes we may implement.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about how your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, it is linked within the footer of every page.
What We Collect
We may collect your name and contact information. Contact information includes email address, demographic information, such as postal code, preferences, interests, and other data relevant to customer surveys or offers. We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and user experience.
Internal Record Keeping
We may use acquired data and information to improve our products, services, and enhance user experience.
We may occasionally send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may like using the provided email address.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you through whichever information you have provided.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored within your browser. They are usually small text files. Cookies are made when you visit a website to provide data on how you use and interact with the site. They also allow websites and web based applications to respond to your individual needs and web preferences. Cookies are your friend.
One reason we use cookies is to identify which pages our visitors are using and how they interact with our site. They tell us what people like and what they don’t like about our site. We use this information to enhance the user experience and it is only used for statistical analysis purposes before being discarded. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to further enhance the experience on our site.
Cookies don’t give us access to your computer or personal information, other than that which you choose at your discretion via forms and the like. Generally, cookies are automatically accepted by the browser, however, you can choose to accept or decline cookies. Declining cookies will prevent you from taking advantage of the full use of the websites you visit as well as other functions found throughout the web.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the the New Hair Institute website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
Google, as a third party vendor, may use cookies to serve ads on our site. Google uses the DART cookie to allow it to serve ads to you based on your visit to their sites and other websites.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
The New Hair Institute does not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature unless you have robust notice of, and the prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. To our knowledge, these are safe links, however, once you leave our site, we are no longer responsible for your browsing endeavors. We are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide these other sites. Click at your own risk.
How We Use Patient Photos
All patient photos on the site are used with direct written consent of the patient.
Controlling your personal information
You may opt out of any of this at any time. If you have already provided your personal information and wish for it to be removed from our database, please email Hairdoc@newhair.com and it will be promptly removed.
We do not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please send an email to info@newhair.com. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Privacy Policy  |   Terms & Conditions  |  FAQ   |   Contact Us
Brentwood
11620 Wilshire Blvd. Suite 280
Los Angeles, CA 90025
(310) 553-9113
OUR OTHER SITES
ScalpMicroPigmentation.com
BaldingBlog.com
Please provide your information, and our staff will reach out to you shortly.
Full Name
Full Name
Primary Email
Email
Phone
Last Name
Additional Phone Number
Request a Consult