https://newsar.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Toggle search form
Toggle navigation
NEWSAR
Home
News
Contact Us
About
Fundraising
Supporters Group
Incidents this year
Incidents 2019
Incidents 2018
Incidents 2017
Incidents 2016
Incidents 2015
Incidents 2014
Incidents 2013
Incidents 2012
Recruitment
A Team member
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://newsar.org.uk.
For more details see
https://newsar.org.uk/about-the-team-2/
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Persons we rescue or search for
A wide variety of personal data may be passed to us from the emergency services during the course of a search or rescue.
This will include items such as
NameDate of birthTelephone numbersAddressMedical historyPast involvement with the police to ascertain risk to rescue volunteers (for instance if they have a history of violence)
For searches we may have much more detailed information including
Family relationshipsPast location informationMore detailed profiles on recent and historic movements
None of these lists are exhaustive.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
Police Forces – mainly North Wales Police and Dyfed Powys Police.
However we may also exchange information with other UK Police Forces.
Ambulance Services – mainly Welsh Ambulance Service Trust.
However we may also
exchange
information with other UK Ambulance Services.
Fire Service – mainly North Wales Fire and Rescue Service.
However we may also exchange information with other UK Fire and Rescue Services.
HM Coastguard.
Other NHS bodies, such as hospitals.
Other volunteer rescue organisations.
This list is not exhaustive – however the guiding principle is that information will only be shared with other agencies to reasonably facilitate rescues, searched or to protect life.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Information relating to rescues or searches will be retained until it is reasonable to expect that no legal requirement will exist to disclose it.
This may be many years in some cases if it is possible that future Coroners proceedings, Public Enquiries, criminal or civil cases, or other legal actions may be reasonably expected.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you have been rescued or searched for by the team you may request that your data is deleted.
Any request will be assessed against the need to retain information for other reasonable legal purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Persons we are involved with rescuing or searching for may involve two way information exchanges withe the emergency services and other agencies.
See the list above of Who We Share Data With.
Your contact information
See our Contact Us page. https://newsar.org.uk/contact-us-2/
Additional information
How we protect your data
We use encrypted storage and transfer for all electronic data and have password access controls in place.  If paper copies are utilised we ensure that all information is held in secure locked cabinets with controlled access by named individuals.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 2018.
In the event of a data breach our Data Protection Officer will make the appropriate disclosures to the Information Commissioners Office, whilst also making all possible attempts to contact any individuals affected by the breach.
What third parties we receive data from
See the list of persons and organisations who we share your data with.
We may also directly collect information from individuals we may speak to as part of investigations, such as family and friends of persons who are missing, ill or injured.
This list is not exhaustive.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None
Permanent link to this article: https://newsar.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Donate
Index of Pages
New contact form
Home
News
Fundraising
Supporters Group
Donation
Donation
Clwydian Hills Fell Race
Results 2014
Results 2012
Results 2009
Results 2008
Results 2007
Results 2006
Results 2005
Results 2003
Results 2002
About
A Team member
Recruitment
Independent Trustee recruitment
Search Support Member Recruitment
Support Driver Member Recruitment
Incidents 2020
Incidents 2019
Incidents 2018
Incidents 2017
Incidents 2016
Incidents 2015
Incidents 2014
Incidents 2013
Incidents 2012
Incidents 2011
Links
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Registered Charity in England and Wales - Number 512956
This site uses cookies More informationI accept cookies from this site