https://newsomeye.com/contact-us/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
This document was last updated in September 2020.
This Privacy Policy outlines the manner in which Newsom Eye (“Newsom Eye” or “We”) collects, uses, maintains, protects, and discloses information collected from users ( “User” or “You”) of the https://newsomeye.com/ website (“Site”), and serves to assist You in making informed decisions when using our Website. Newsom Eye needs to collect and use certain information about the users of the Site. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Newsom Eye. Please read this entire Privacy Policy to understand how your information will be treated.
How Do We Collect Personal Information?
Many areas of the Site can be visited without submitting any personally identifiable information.  However, there are some areas that require an account to access.
We collect personal identification information from Users that Users provide to Newsom Eye when Users:
Fill out a form
The information that Users provide and Newsom Eye collects may include User:
Name
Contact information, such as:
Phone Number
E-mail Address
Other personal information Users provide to Newsom Eye.
How Do We Use This Information?
To improve customer service: Information users provide helps us respond to Your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site: We may use feedback Users provide to improve Newsom Eye products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature: To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics We think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails: We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, We include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
For the purposes specified at the time of collection
There may be other purposes that are specified when the information is collected
As content on the Site, when uploaded by a User or with User’s permission
We may permit a User to upload pictures or comments to the Site.
As otherwise required or permitted by law
There may be times when the law permits or requires Newsom Eye to use information for other purposes.
Certain information that is provided to the Site may not be private, and a User may be required to provide certain information to access certain areas of the Site. For example, some areas of the Site may require use of a username and password.  You may also be permitted to post certain content for public viewing on the Site. Please consider carefully the information that You choose to post for public viewing on the Site.
Most areas of the Site can be viewed by the general public. We have no control over, and disclaim responsibility or liability for, how other Users may respond to, use or misuse the content that You post for public viewing on this Site, or for any actions taken by other Users related to content that You post on the Site.
How Can You Correct This Information?
You can send an email to the Newsom Eye Privacy Official asking that information be corrected: marketing@newsomeye.net
What Information is Automatically Collected?
We collect certain information automatically, including:
The IP address of the computer You are using;
The browser name and the type of computer You are using;
The date and time You are connecting to the Site;
Website analytic data;
Technical information about Your computer, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers You are using, and other similar information.
This information is not considered personally identifiable unless it is combined with contact information, account information, or other information that is unique to You.  We only combine automatically collected data with identification data if it is necessary to do so to complete a task You have asked us to perform (for example, to troubleshoot a problem You are having with the Site) or if Newsom Eye tells You (for example, if You fill out a form the tells You it will be matched with automatically collected data).
Web browser cookies
Our Site uses “cookies” to enhance User experience. Cookies are small text files that are placed on Your hard drive. Cookies help identify a User’s computer and may allow some tracking of information.  For example, cookies can remember a User between visits.    You can set Your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert You when cookies are being sent.  However, if You refuse cookies, some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Google Analytics Notice
We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies to analyze website traffic. For instance, Google Analytics tells us how many people have visited our website, what pages they visit, and how long they visit each page.  You can visit    https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites  to learn more about how Google uses the information collected.
APPOINTMENT REQUEST
LOCATIONS
OUR DOCTORS
TESTIMONIALS
ORDER CONTACTS
Scroll to Top