https://niios.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy - NIIOS
Home
HomeAbout usTeamJobsNewsContact
Menu
NIIOS R&D
NIIOS Scientific Publications NIIOS Scientific Presentations DMEK Book TeamNIIOS Academy
Events, Congresses and Meetings DMEK Wetlab Courses Advanced DMEK Wetlab Courses DMEK Wetlab Courses in the US Advanced Keratoconus Wetlab Courses Custom DMEK Courses for Eye Bank Professionals Live Video Streaming DMEK Surgery DMEK Book Fellowship Program Team Outcomes and Quality ControlAmnitrans Eyebank
Tissue Products and Services Orders, Prices and Shipping Team Custom DMEK Courses for Eye Bank Professionals Outcomes and Quality ControlMelles Cornea Clinic
Diseases Treatments Appointments and Contact Referrals Fees, Payment and Insurance Team Outcomes and Quality Control Partnerships Gifts and Donations
Search for:
HomeCookie PolicyCookie PolicyWhat are cookies?
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers. These files are either stored in the memory of your computer or other device such as mobile phones or tablet devices (these cookies are generally known as session cookies) or are placed on the hard drive of your device (generally known as persistent cookies).
Cookies are created when you visit a website or other service that uses cookies. Cookies are commonly used to help the user’s browsing experience and provide more information about the user’s experience and interests. This information is generally used to make content, services and advertising more relevant and useful during future visits.
How do we use cookies?
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about Google Analytics or opt out if you wish.
Where can I find more information about cookies, and how do I turn cookies off or delete cookies?
Find out more about cookies including how to disable/enable and delete them at the following website www.aboutcookies.org.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our website.
If you want to delete cookies from the browser on your mobile phone, you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Voor Nederlandse patienten en verwijzingen
Aandoeningen Behandelingen Afspraken en contact Verwijzingen Tarieven, betaling en vergoeding Team Resultaten en kwaliteitscontrole Samenwerkingspartners Giften en donatiesFor international patients and referrals
Diseases Treatments Appointments and Contact Referrals Fees, Payment and Insurance Team Outcomes and Quality Control Partnerships Gifts and DonationsFor Ophthalmologists and Optometrists
Referrals to Melles Cornea Clinic Tissue Products and Services from Amnitrans EyeBank Scientific Publications and Presentations DMEK Wetlab Courses Advanced DMEK Wetlab Courses DMEK Wetlab Courses in the US Advanced Keratoconus Wetlab Courses Live Video Streaming DMEK Surgery Fellowship ProgramFor Eye Bank Professionals
Tissue Products and Services Orders, Prices and Shipping Custom DMEK Courses for Eye Bank Professionals Scientific Publications and Presentations
NIIOS NewsletterNIIOS Scientific PublicationsNIIOS Scientific PresentationsNIIOS Events, Congresses and Meetings
Next NIIOS Cornea Evening – Live OnlineNIIOS Educational Tools on DMEK
Textbook on DMEK Live Video Streaming DMEK Surgeries DMEK Wetlab Courses Advanced DMEK Wetlab Courses DMEK Wetlab Courses in the US Advanced Keratoconus Wetlab Courses Custom DMEK Courses for Eye Bank Professionals
Laan op Zuid 88 - 3071 AA Rotterdam - The Netherlands - Tel +31 10 297 4444 - info@niios.com
Our newsletterConnect with us on LinkedInWatch us on YoutubeDisclaimerPrivacy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. OK More InfoPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.