https://njretina.com/privacy-security/
855-NJRetina
Appointment
menu
Home
Our Locations
Our Doctors
Retinal Diseases & Procedures
Retinal Diseases & Procedures
Retinal Diseases
Procedures
Symptoms
Referring Physicians
Referring Physicians
News
Newsletters
Patient Resources
COVID-19 Updates
Patient Forms
Clinical Trials
About NJRetina
Contact
Call 855-NJRetina
Request Appointment
Privacy & Security
NJRETINA is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Patient Portal Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Patient Portal website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. The NJRETINA Notice of Privacy Practices describes how your medical information is used and disclosed by NJRETINA, and is incorporated here by reference.
Collection of your Personal Information
When you use the Patient Portal, NJRETINA collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home address, telephone number, ZIP code, age, gender, contact preferences, access times, and account activity. This information is used by NJRETINA for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Patient Portal.
Patient Portal encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Patient Portal so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. NJRETINA is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of Patient Portal or NJRETINA web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
NJRETINA collects and uses your personal information to operate the Patient Portal site and deliver the services you have requested. NJRETINA may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from NJRETINA and its affiliates. NJRETINA may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
NJRETINA does not sell, rent or lease its patient lists to third parties. NJRETINA may, from time to time, contact you about a particular offering that may be of interest. In addition, NJRETINA may share data with business associates working on our behalf to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such business associates are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to NJRETINA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
NJRETINA does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
NJRETINA keeps track of the pages our customers visit within Patient Portal, in order to determine what services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content within Patient Portal to patients whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
NJRETINA will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NJRETINA; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NJRETINA; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Patient Portal, or the public.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are used for system performance functionality. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Patient Portal services.
Security of your Personal Information
NJRETINA secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. NJRETINA secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information is transmitted from your PC to Patient Portal, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. As a user of Patient Portal you hereby agree that you (and not NJRETINA, its affiliates, employees, agents, subsidiaries, sub-contractors, contractors, officers or directors) are solely liable for viruses, worms, Trojan horses, cancel bots, and other electronic mechanisms designed to destroy or impair the functioning of computer systems (“Malware”) already resident on your PC.
Changes to this Statement
NJRETINA will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect changes to features or regulations. NJRETINA encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how NJRETINA is protecting your information.
Contact Information
NJRETINA welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that NJRETINA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact NJRETINA during normal business hours via telephone. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Questions?Contact us today! We’re here to help!
Contact Us Today!
©All Rights Reserved. NJRetina 2020
Call us at 855-NJRetina