https://nnpdf.org/about-us/nnpdf-privacy-policy/
Categories Menu
About Us
NNPDF Membership
NNPDF Board of Directors
Message from the Board Chair
NNPDF Board Updates
NNPDF Financials
NNPDF Staff
Scientific Advisory Board
INPDA
NNPDF Privacy Policy
Contact Us
The Diseases
Diagnosis of Niemann-Pick Disease
Treatment Options
Type A
Type B
Enzyme Replacement Therapy Type B
Type C
NNPDF Presentations on Cyclodextrin in NPC Disease
Cyclodextrin
Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor HDACi Vorinostat
Information for Healthcare Providers
The progression of Niemann-Pick Disease
Thinking About Experimental Therapies
Family Support
Advocacy
ICER
Insurance and Access
Newborn Screening
NORD
PFDD
Rare Disease Day
Navigating Together
Emergency Hardship Program
Family Services
Family Resources
Family Conferences
Memorials
Family Tributes
Research
FDA Approved Clinical Trials
Cyclo Therapeutics, Inc.
IntraBio
Mallinckrodt Pharamceuticals
National Institutes of Health
Orphazyme
Sanofi Genzyme
Expanded Access Programs
Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals
Orphazyme
Natural History Study
Natural History Study ASMD
Natural History Study NPC
Gene Therapy
Amicus
Evox Therapeutics
StrideBio
Industry Policy Statement
Research Funded by NNPDF
Research Fellowships
Research Grants
Fundraising
Making a Donation
Pyramid of Support
Fundraising and Awareness Events
October Awareness Month
Legacy of Hope
News & Media
Family Journeys Blog
Shared Journeys
Community News
Upcoming Events
Webinars
Newsletters
Video Resources
INPDR
Surveys/Market Research
Home »
NNPDF Privacy Policy
NNPDF Privacy Policy
NNPDF Privacy Policy
The National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation is committed to safeguarding each user’s privacy while viewing the NNPDF website.  The NNPDF does collect demographic information on the number of hits, number of unique visitors, etc. to help us improve the site.
The NNPDF website does provide links to other sites that might be of interest to those who use the site.  The NNPDF is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites.
The NNPDF Board of Directors, Staff, Consultants and Volunteers are committed to maintaining the privacy for all persons that contact the NNPDF.  Information voluntarily provided by visitors to the site through email or forms is not sold to other organizations. Information may be shared with the Board of Directors, Staff, Consultants and Volunteers to provide a proper response to questions or concerns.
Any personal information revealed by users visiting the NNPDF social media platforms that are open to the public can be collected and used by others.  The NNPDF is not responsible for the content or any viewpoints, ideas, proposals, information and other intellectual property posted on these social media platforms.
The NNPDF reserves the right to amend or alter its site privacy policy at any time without notice by posting such change to the NNPDF website.
09/28/2017 jjb
Share this!FacebookTwitterInstagram
NNPDF Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 National Niemann-Pick Disease FoundationPO Box 49, Fort Atkinson, WI 53538-0049 | 877-287-3672 | nnpdf@nnpdf.org
The National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation (NNPDF) does not engage in the practice of medicine. It is not a medical authority nor does it claim to have medical knowledge. This site is an educational service of the National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation and is not meant to provide diagnostic or treatment advice. Information contained or suggested on this Web site does not constitute medical advice. For all information related to care, medication or treatment, the NNPDF recommends consulting a physician to determine if information presented is applicable. Please review these additional cautions about medical information provided on the Internet.
This Web site is a service of the National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation's Family Services Program, made possible by the financial support of our member families and other generous donors and grantors. This site receives no government funding, nor does it host or receive funding from advertising or from the display of commercial content.
The National Niemann-Pick Disease Foundation is a 501(c)(3) organization.
Your donations are fully tax-deductible.