https://nova.site-ym.com/page/privacystatementandcopyrightpolicy
Privacy Statement and Copyright Policy
Print Page | Contact Us | Report Abuse | Sign In | Join
To Educate, Communicate, and Advocate for the Veterans Administration Nurse Professionally, Personally, and Legislatively.
Toggle navigationMENUAbout HistoryMissionStrategic PlanBoard of DirectorsStaffPast PresidentsOrganizational AffiliatesNOVA News Blog Article Submission FormJoin JoinMembership Applications and Promotional MaterialsMember BenefitsMembership CategoriesMember-Get-A-Member Chapters Find a ChapterStart A ChapterEvents NOVA Nursing Heroes 5KNurses Week40th Annual Meeting AwardsLegislative RoundtableNOVA on the Hill DayEducation NOVA NewslettersWebinarsMentorship ProgramEducational PartnershipsCertification PartnersAnnual Meeting ScholarshipsEducation ScholarshipsAdvocacy 2020 August RecessRoundtable Attendees Priorities Advocacy ToolkitSupport NOVA StoreSponsorshipDonate Mary Raymer Scholarship FundVolunteer
Edit This Favorite
Name:
Category:
Share:
Yes
No, Keep Private
Privacy Statement and Copyright Policy
Share
|
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which NOVA collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.vanurse.org website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by NOVA.
Personally identifiable information
We may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personally identifiable information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
NOVA may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
To provide targeted services and content
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personally identifiable information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personally identifiable information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
NOVA has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
NOVA
1120 Route 73, Suite 200
Mt. Laurel, NJ 08054
856-439-0500
www.vanurse.org
nova@vanurse.org
This document was last updated on May 15, 2018.
Copyright Policy
All materials posted on this site are subject to copyrights owned by the Nurses Organization of Veterans Affairs (NOVA). Any reproduction, retransmission, or republication (in whole or in part) of any document or information found on this site is prohibited, unless otherwise agreed to by NOVA and expressly granted in writing to consent to reproduce, retransmit, or republish the material. All other rights reserved.
External Links: This website contains links to other websites. The Nurses Organization of Veterans Affairs is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Questions? If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Website, you may contact us by email at nova@vanurse.org.
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Join Now
Latest News
more
9/16/2020Get Out the Vote Campaign
9/9/2020NOVA Provides its Priorities on Mental Health Legislation to House VA Committee
Calendar
more
8/25/2020 » 10/23/2020NOVA Virtual 5K Fundraiser10/29/2020 » 10/30/2020NOVA 40th Annual Virtual Meeting
Contact
Privacy PolicyUseful Links
NOVA is professionally managed by Association Headquarters Inc., a charter accredited association management company.
© 2019 NOVA, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Membership Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal