https://now.org/privacy-policy-gdpr-compliance/
Privacy Policy – GDPR Compliance
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how the National Organization for Women (NOW) collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website.  This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
Details
Our full details are:
Full name of the legal entity: National Organization for Women
Email address: online@now.org
Postal address: National Organization for Women, 1100 H Street NW, Suite 300,
Washington, DC 20005
Your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, and gender.
Contact Data includes email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, and feedback.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products, and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or providing other information via our website. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Request our services;
subscribe to our publications;
request marketing to be sent to you; or
give us some feedback.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly in marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or received services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We may share information with third-party partners for the purposes of hosting events.  Outside of hosting events, we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside NOW for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us at member@now.org. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a service provided to you.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see policy on cookies: NOW Cookie Policy
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.  If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
NOW is Taking ActionAttacks on abortion care keep coming. But NOW is defending our access to reproductive freedom.
Donate and together we can secure equality for all women >
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. OK!Privacy Policy Update