https://nurturingbirthdirectory.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and conditions of use
1. Introduction
1.1 These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website.
1.2 By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
1.3 If you register with our website or use any of our website services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
1.4 Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our https://nurturingbirthdirectory.com/privacy-policy/.
2. Copyright notice
2.1 Copyright (c) 2015 Nurturing Birth Limited.
2.2 Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
(a) we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
(b) all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3. Licence to use website
3.1 You may:
(a) view pages from our website in a web browser;
(b) download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
(c) print pages from our website;
(d) stream audio and video files from our website;
subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions.
3.2 Except as expressly permitted by Section 3.1 or the other provisions of these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
3.3 You may only use our website for your business purposes, and you must not use our website for any other purposes.
3.4 Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
3.5 Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, you must not:
(a) republish material from our website (including republication on another website);
(b) sell, rent or sub-license material from our website;
(c) show any material from our website in public;
(d) exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose; or
(e) redistribute material from our website.
3.6 Notwithstanding Section 3.5, you may redistribute our newsletter in print and electronic form to any person.
3.7 We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
5. Acceptable use
5.1 You must not:
(a) use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b) use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c) use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d) conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e) access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;
(f) violate the directives set out in the robots.txt file for our website; or
(g) use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
5.2 You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading.
6. Use on behalf of organisation
6.1 If you use our website or expressly agree to these terms and conditions in the course of a business or other organisational project, then by so doing you bind both:
(a) yourself; and
(b) the person, company or other legal entity that operates that business or organisational project,
to these terms and conditions, and in these circumstances references to “you” in these terms and conditions are to both the individual user and the relevant person, company or legal entity (unless the context requires otherwise).
7. Registration and accounts
7.1 To be eligible for an individual account on our website under this Section 8, you must be at least 18 years of age and be a Nurturing Birth doula graduate and accept and agree to the Nurturing Birth Code of Ethics.
7.2 You may register for an account with our website by completing and submitting the account registration form provided by Nurturing Birth.
7.3 You must not allow any other person to use your account to access the website.
7.4 You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account.
7.5 You must not use any other person’s account to access the website.
8. User IDs and passwords
8.1 If you register for an account with our website, your email address will be your user ID and you will be asked to choose a password.
8.2 Your user ID must not be liable to mislead and must comply with the content rules set out in Section 19; you must not use your account or user ID for or in connection with the impersonation of any person.
8.3 You must keep your password confidential.
8.4 You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any disclosure of your password.
8.5 You are responsible for any activity on our website arising out of any failure to keep your password confidential, and may be held liable for any losses arising out of such a failure.
9. Cancellation and suspension of account
9.1 We may:
(a) suspend your account;
(b) cancel your account; and/or
(c) edit your account details,
at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation, and /or if you have breached the terms and conditions and or Code of ethics.
9.2 You may remove your profile from our website by going to your Listings within Your Dashboard and clicking on the delete button.
9.3 You may remove your entire account, which will include any profiles you have listed on our website by clicking the red DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT button in Your Dashboard page.
15. Prohibited directory submissions
15.1 Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, we reserve the right to reject or delete directory submissions that breach these terms and conditions or that do not meet the additional guidelines for submissions published on our website.
16. Your content: licence
16.1 In these terms and conditions, “your content” means all works and materials (including without limitation text, graphics, images, audio material, video material, audio-visual material, scripts, software and files) that you submit to us or our website for storage or publication on, processing by, or transmission via, our website.
16.2 You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, store, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your content in any existing or future media
16.3 You may edit your content to the extent permitted using the editing functionality made available on our website.
16.4 Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach any provision of these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may delete, un-publish or edit any or all of your content.
18. Your content: rules
18.1 You warrant and represent that your content will comply with these terms and conditions.
18.2 Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).
18.3 Your content, and the use of your content by us in accordance with these terms and conditions, must not:
(a) be libellous or maliciously false;
(b) infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;
(c) infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy or right under data protection legislation;
(d) constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;
(e) be in breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;
(f) be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading;
(g) consist of or contain any instructions, advice or other information which may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause illness, injury or death, or any other loss or damage;
18.4 Your content must be appropriate, civil and tasteful, and accord with generally accepted standards of etiquette and behaviour on the internet.
18.5 You must not use our website to link to any website or web page consisting of or containing material that would, were it posted on our website, breach the provisions of these terms and conditions.
18.6 You must not submit to our website any material that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
19. Report abuse
19.1 If you learn of any unlawful material or activity on our website, or any material or activity that breaches these terms and conditions, please let us know.
19.2 You can let us know by email to info@nurturingbirth.co.uk.
20. Limited warranties
20.1 We do not warrant or represent:
(a) the completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
(b) that the material on the website is up to date; or
(c) that the website or any service on the website will remain available.
20.2 We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
21. Breaches of these terms and conditions
21.1 Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
(a) send you one or more formal warnings;
(b) temporarily suspend your access to our website;
(c) permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
(d) block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
(e) contact any or all of your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
(f) commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise; and/or
(g) suspend or delete your account on our website.
21.2 Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including without limitation creating and/or using a different account).
22. Trade marks
22.1 Nurturing Birth Limited, Doula Directory, Nurturing Birth Directory, our logos and our other registered and unregistered trade marks are trade marks belonging to us; we give no permission for the use of these trade marks, and such use may constitute an infringement of our rights.
22.2 The third party registered and unregistered trade marks or service marks on our website are the property of their respective owners and, unless stated otherwise in these terms and conditions, we do not endorse and are not affiliated with any of the holders of any such rights and as such we cannot grant any licence to exercise such rights.
23. Variation
23.1 We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
23.2 The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions.
23.3 If you have given your express agreement to these terms and conditions, we will ask for your express agreement to any revision of these terms and conditions; and if you do not give your express agreement to the revised terms and conditions within such period as we may specify, we will disable or delete your account on the website, and you must stop using the website.
24. Third party rights
24.1 A contract under these terms and conditions is for our benefit and your benefit, and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
24.2 The exercise of the parties’ rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
25. Entire agreement
25.1 These terms and conditions, together with our privacy and cookies policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
26. Law and jurisdiction
26.1 A contract under these terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
26.2 Any disputes relating to a contract under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
27. Statutory and regulatory disclosures
27.1 We will not file a copy of these terms and conditions specifically in relation to each user or customer and, if we update these terms and conditions, the version to which you originally agreed will no longer be available on our website. We recommend that you consider saving a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.
27.2 These terms and conditions are available in the English language only.
27.3 We subscribe to The Doula UK code of conduct, which can be consulted electronically at www.doula.org.uk
28. Our details
28.1 This website is owned and operated by Nurturing Birth Limited.
28.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 05581986, and our registered office is at 1 Berrington Cottages, Church Lane, Astley, Worcestershire, DY13 0RL.
28.3 You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form, by email to info@nurturingbirth.co.uk or by telephone on 07305 044482.
Doula in Belfast
Doula in Bristol
Doula in Buckinghamshire
Doula in Cardiff
Doula in Cheltenham
Doula in East Sussex
Doula in Gloucestershire
Doula in Manchester
Doula in Hampshire
Doula in Hertfordshire
Doula in Kent
Doula in London
Doula in Monmouthshire
Doula in Newcastle
Doula in Oxfordshire
Doula in Somerset
Doula in Surrey
Doula in Staffordshire
Doula in West Midlands
Doula in West Sussex
Doula in Worcestershire
Doula in West Yorkshire
Find a doula outside the UK
Doula in Abu-Dhabi
Doula in Dubai
Doula in Portugal
Doula in Spain
Legal
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Terms and Conditions
Help
Setting up your Nurturing Birth Directory listing
Contact Nurturing Birth
Find a doula
Nurturing Birth Directory is run by Nurturing Birth Ltd
FollowFollowFollow
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Change Location
Find awesome listings near you!
×
Change Location