https://nurturingbirthdirectory.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Cookies Policy
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
1.2 We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
2. Collecting personal information
2.1 We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths);
(b) information that you provide to us when registering with our website (including your name and email address);
(c) information that you provide when completing your profile on our website (including your name, profile pictures, your background, educational details and business details);
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email address);
(e) information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use);
(f) information relating to any purchases you make of our services or any other transactions that you enter into through our website (including your name, address, telephone number, email address and card details);]
(g) information that you post to our website for publication on the internet (including your user name, your profile pictures and the content of your profile);
(h) information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or send through our website (including the communication content and metadata associated with the communication);
2.2 Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
3. Using personal information
3.1 Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
3.2 We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer our website and business;
(b) personalise our website for you;
(c) enable your use of the services available on our website;
(d) supply to you services purchased through our website;
(e) send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;
(f) send you non-marketing commercial communications;
(g) send you email notifications regarding the status of your account;
(h) send you our email newsletter, (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
(i) send you marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(j) provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
(k) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
(l) keep our website secure and prevent fraud;
(m) verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website (including monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service);
3.3 If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
3.4 Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website, and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
3.5 We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
3.6 All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, PAYPAL. You can review the provider’s privacy policy at http://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ca/privacy-full. We will share information with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
4. Disclosing personal information
4.1 We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, professional advisers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
4.2 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
4.3 We may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
4.4 Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
5.1 Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
5.2 Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States of America, Russia, Japan, China and India.
5.3 Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
5.4 You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 5.
6. Retaining personal information
6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
6.2 Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3 Without prejudice to Section 6.2, we will delete any personal data immediately.
6.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
7. Security of personal information
7.1 We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
7.2 We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
7.3 All electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption technology.
7.4 You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
7.5 You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
8. Amendments
8.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
8.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
8.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
9. Your rights
9.1 You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
9.2 We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
9.3 You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
9.4 In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
10. Third party websites
10.1 Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
10.2 We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
11. Updating information
11.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
11.2 We reserve the right to update the information that you have entered into the site about yourself if we deem it to be incorrect. For example if you have registered as a Nurturing Birth Doula when you have not undertaken our Nurturing Birth Doula Course.
12. About cookies
12.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
12.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
12.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
12.4 Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
13. Our cookies
13.1 We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
13.2 The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:
(a) we use cookies on our website to recognise a computer when a user visits the website, track users as they navigate the website, enable the use of a shopping cart on the website, analyse the use of the website, administer the website;
14. Analytics cookies
14.1 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website.
14.2 Our analytics service provider generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies.
14.3 The analytics cookies used by our website have the following names: _ga, _gat, __utma, __utmt, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz and __utmv.
14.4 The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website.
14.5 Our analytics service provider’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
16. Blocking cookies
16.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 11) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b) in Firefox (version 39) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
(c) in Chrome (version 44), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
16.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
16.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
17. Deleting cookies
17.1 You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 11), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-11);
(b) in Firefox (version 39), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
(c) in Chrome (version 44), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
17.2 Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
20. Our details
20.1 This website is owned and operated by Nurturing Birth Ltd.
20.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 05581986, and our registered office is at
Nurturing Birth Limited
1 Berrington Cottages
Church Lane
Astley
Stourport On Severn
DY130RL
20.4 You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by using our website contact form, by email to info@nurturingbirthdirectory.com
Doula in Belfast
Doula in Bristol
Doula in Buckinghamshire
Doula in Cardiff
Doula in Cheltenham
Doula in East Sussex
Doula in Gloucestershire
Doula in Manchester
Doula in Hampshire
Doula in Hertfordshire
Doula in Kent
Doula in London
Doula in Monmouthshire
Doula in Newcastle
Doula in Oxfordshire
Doula in Somerset
Doula in Surrey
Doula in Staffordshire
Doula in West Midlands
Doula in West Sussex
Doula in Worcestershire
Doula in West Yorkshire
Find a doula outside the UK
Doula in Abu-Dhabi
Doula in Dubai
Doula in Portugal
Doula in Spain
Legal
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Terms and Conditions
Help
Setting up your Nurturing Birth Directory listing
Contact Nurturing Birth
Find a doula
Nurturing Birth Directory is run by Nurturing Birth Ltd
FollowFollowFollow
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Change Location
Find awesome listings near you!
×
Change Location