http://oaklandboneandjointspecialists.com/privacy/
Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists
80 Grand Avenue, 6th Floor
Oakland, CA 94612 | (510) 451-6266
Home
About
Meet The Staff
Contact
Map & Directions
Roger Mann, M.D.
Specialties
Foot & Ankle
STAR™ Ankle Replacement
Policies
Patient Forms
FAQs
Resources
Privacy
This privacy policy sets out how Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists uses and protects any information that you give them when you use this website.
Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from April 1, 2013.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including e-mail address
demographic information
other relevant information
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
to answer your questions
to process your requests, such as to schedule an appointment
we may use the information to improve our services
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact80 Grand Avenue, 6th Floor
Oakland, CA 94612
Map and Directions
Call UsPhone: (510) 451-6266
Fax: (510) 451-6260
Appointment Request
Our PhysicianRoger Mann, M.D.
SpecialtiesFoot & Ankle
STAR™ Ankle Replacement
© 2007-2017 Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists | Privacy | Terms of Use
website design by collective discovery