http://oaklandboneandjointspecialists.com/our-policies/#privacy
Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists
80 Grand Avenue, 6th Floor
Oakland, CA 94612 | (510) 451-6266
Home
About
Meet The Staff
Contact
Map & Directions
Roger Mann, M.D.
Specialties
Foot & Ankle
STAR™ Ankle Replacement
Policies
Patient Forms
FAQs
Resources
Our Policies
Office Hours
Our Oakland office is open from 8:30 am to 5:00 pm, Monday through Thursday.
Appointments
To schedule an initial or follow-up appointment, please call our Oakland office at (510) 451-6266. You can also request a non-urgent appointment online.
For all initial visits, you will receive a new patient packet in the mail. Please bring the following to your appointment:
Your insurance information/cards and copay
Your referral (if one is required by your insurance)
Any pertinent X-Rays, MRI’s, CT-scans, etc.
The completed new patient packet
Photo ID
New Patient Forms
You may print and complete these New Patient Forms, and bring them with you.
Canceling Appointments
If you need to cancel an appointment for either of our office locations, please call (510) 451-6266. We require a minimum 24-hour notice for all cancelled appointments.
Payment Policies
Patients are financially responsible for any amounts not covered or paid by their insurance company. All co-pays are due at the time of the appointment. Any billing done for untimely co-pays is subject to an additional $25 charge. All cash pay patients must render payment in full at the time of their appointment. We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express, as well as personal checks and cash for payment.
Insurance
Dr. Roger Mann is contracted with Medicare and most PPO Insurances.
HMO’s including HPMG, ABMG, SEBMF & Affinity.
Blue Shield Covered California
Med Legal & Workers Comp
Please review our Financial Policies.
Privacy Policy
The federal government has published it’s HIPAA Omnibus final rule summary including regulations for implementing the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health (HITECH) Act. As such, Oakland Bone & Joint Specialists have revised our Privacy Policies to remain compliant and protect our patients privacy. Please take a moment to review our updated policies.
Privacy Policy Statement
OBJS Notice of Privacy Practices
Notificación sobre prácticas relacionadas con la privacidad
(OBJS Notice of Privacy Practices in Spanish)
Non-Discrimination Policy
Medical Records
Patient Record Request Form
Prescription Refills
Please ask your pharmacy to fax us all non-narcotic refill requests to (510) 451-6260.
Narcotic prescriptions can no longer be faxed or called into the pharmacy and a physical triplicate prescription is required. If you are in need of a refill of this type of medication, please contact our office directly at (510) 451-6266.
We will respond to all requests within 24-36 hours during the week. Please note, prescription requests will not be addressed on Fridays, Saturdays, or Sundays.
Contact80 Grand Avenue, 6th Floor
Oakland, CA 94612
Map and Directions
Call UsPhone: (510) 451-6266
Fax: (510) 451-6260
Appointment Request
Our PhysicianRoger Mann, M.D.
SpecialtiesFoot & Ankle
STAR™ Ankle Replacement
© 2007-2017 Oakland Bone and Joint Specialists | Privacy | Terms of Use
website design by collective discovery