https://occhio.com.au/terms-privacy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site,and place an order.We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, phone number and other pertinent information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Are my credit card details stored within your website?
No. All credit card details are encrypted and ported directly via a secure (SSL) connection to our nominated Australian Bank.
How does Occhio protect my credit card and personal details?
Occhio protects personal cardholder data and account information by encrypting checkout pages via a Comodo 128/256 bit encryption Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate. Always look for the padlock icon in your browser when providing credit card details for any online transaction. Clicking on this icon should provide you with information validating both the registrant and provider of the SSL certificate.
What do we use the information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalise your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
Periodic Emails
The email address your provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that include company news, updates, related product or service information etc. Note if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please submit your comments via our contact form.
Any information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)