https://oif.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
The OI Foundation collects personally identifying information which a donor voluntarily provides when making a donation to the OI Foundation either online or offline.  Personally identifying information collected may include; name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), mailing address, interests, and similar information. The OI Foundation does not trade, share or sell a donor’s personal information with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. Except for credit card information, which is not stored, the OI Foundation retains donor information once the transaction is complete. The collected information is used primarily for technical administration of this website, completing the transaction requested by the donor, and for future communcation from the OI Foundation only. We also collect anonymous, non-identifiable information about visitors.  When you visit our site, our server automatically records your domain, operating system and web browser type/version as well as the time and date of your visit on a particular page.  The information automatically recorded by our server is used only for statistical purposes so that we can manage our site better and serve our visitors.  All information provided by users is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. Our server does not and cannot record identifiable information such as your e-mail address.
Our site uses cookies to uniquely identify users’ machines so that we can monitor site usage, traffic and trends.  Cookies also may be used for features such as keeping track of the contents of a shopping cart or helping to deliver more personalized content.
The OI Foundation seeks to maintain accurate information regarding users.  Users may update their information on their account management page or may contact the OI Foundation at webmaster@oif.org or at the phone number or address listed on our contact information page.
Should a user require additional information regarding the OI Foundation’s privacy policies or practices, or how information is collected and used on the site, please contact the OI Foundation offices by e-mail at webmaster@oif.org or a the phone number and address listed below:
Osteogenesis Imperfecta Foundation
804 W. Diamond Avenue  Suite 210
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878
(844) 889-7579