https://omsfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
OMS Foundation Privacy Policy
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at OMS Foundation, doing business as Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Foundation (“Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Foundation”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at athomas@omsfoundation.org.When you visit our website omsfoundation.org, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as omsfoundation.org), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Services"). Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Personal information you disclose to usIn Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, and payment information. We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities or otherwise contacting us. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can including the following: Publicly Available Personal Information. We collect first name, maiden name, last name, nickname, current and former address, phone numbers, email addresses, business email, business phone number, family member names, and their related information, and other similar data. Personal Information Provided by You. We collect past and current partners, financial information (credit card number, purchase history, invoices), and other similar data. Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Blackbaud, Inc.. You may find their privacy policy link(s) here: Blackbaud.com.All personal information that you provide to use must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information. Online Identifiers. We collect cookie identifies, or other such as the ones used for analytics and marketing, and other similar data.
How do we use your information?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legtimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent. We use personal information collected via our Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below. We use the information we collect or receive:To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to use for our marketing purposes, if is this in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time. Deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Will your information be shared with anyone?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations. We may process or share date based on the following legal basis: Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests. Performance of Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of contract. Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in reponse to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violationg of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involved potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activies, or as evidence in litigation in which we are invovled. More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations: Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer services and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services over time. This information may be used to, amount other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct. Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a position of our business to another company.
Who will your information be shared with?
In Short: We only share information with the following third parties. We only share and disclose your information with the following third parties. We have categortized each party so that you may easily understand the purpose of our data collection and processing practices. If we have processed your data based on your consent and you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us. Web and Mobile AnalyticsGoogle AnalyticsWebsite HostingWordPress.com
How long do we keep your information?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 1 year. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from your further processing until deletion is possible.
How do we keep your information safe?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the interest itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
Do we collect information from minors?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at athomas@omsfoundation.org.
What are your privacy rights?
In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
Data Breach
A privacy breach occurs when there is unauthorized access to or collection, use, disclosure or disposal of personal information. You will be notified about data breaches when OMS Foundation believes you are likely to be at risk of serious harm. For example, a data breach may be likely to result in serious financial harm or harm to your mental or physical well-being. In the event that OMS Foundation becomes aware of a security breach which has resulted or may result in unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information OMS Foundation will promptly investigate the matter and notify the applicable Supervisory Authority not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
Controls for Do-Not-Track Features
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
Do California Residents have specific privacy rights?
In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine the Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
Do we make updated to this policy?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes, to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How can you contact us about this policy?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at athomas@omsfoundation.org or by post to: OMS Foundation    9700 W Bryn Mawr Ave Rosemont, IL 60018    United States
Scroll To Top