https://ornurses.com/privacypolicy-jointcommission/
Recruiter LinksRecruiter Dashboard
Joint Commission Certified
OR Nurses Nationwide has earned the Joint Commission Seal of approval.
Any individual or organization that has a concern about the quality and safety of patient care delivered by an OR Nurses Nationwide provider, which has not been addressed by OR Nurses Nationwide management, is encouraged to contact the Joint Commission at www.jointcommission.org or by calling the Office of Quality Monitoring at (630) 792-5636.
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.ornurses.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third-party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Simply contact us via email or telephone to make this request.
You may do the following at any time through email or telephone:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security. We take every precaution we can to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Sensitive information relayed to us via the website is encrypted and transmitted to us. You can verify this by looking for a “closed lock” icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 901.682.2900 or via email at info@ornursesinc.com.