https://osteopathylondon.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
This website does not require cookies in order to function properly. The information below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookie Bar (cb-enabled)
This is used to remember whether you have clicked the button to acknowledge our use of cookies. Without this, the bar would always show.
Social Media Sharing
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google, AddThis
We include Facebook and Twitter plugins on this website to help you share content that may be of interest to your social network. We also use AddThis, which is a service allowing social media sharing with a range of alternatives to Facebook and Twitter. Some pages may also include Google or YouTube features which need cookies in order to work, improve service and prevent fraud.
Note that Social Media companies usually design cookies in a way that enable them to track your activity across multiple websites and this may be a reason you choose to disable cookies.
See How does Facebook use cookies
See AddThis Privacy and Data Practices
See Twitter Privacy Policy
See Google Privacy Policy (includes YouTube)
Google Analytics
Web analytics cookies, provided by Google Inc., are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
See Cookies Set by Google Analytics and Google Analytics Privacy Overview
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
More information
To read more about how we respect your personal information please visit our Privacy Notice which may include more information about our use of cookies.
TAKING CONTROL OF YOUR COOKIES
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser, however you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.