https://osteoporosis.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Our commitment
Osteoporosis Canada is committed to protecting the privacy of the personal information of its members, customers and other stakeholders. We value the trust of those we deal with and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be open and accountable in how we treat the information that you choose to share with us.
Osteoporosis Canada adheres to the following ethical codes and practices:
The Association of Fundraising Professionals Code of Ethical Principles and Standards of Professional Practice.
Ethical Fundraising and Financial Accountability Code of the Canadian Centre for Philanthropy.
Defining personal information
Personal information is any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. Exceptions: business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information.
Where an individual uses his or her home contact information as business contact information, we consider the contact information provided is business contact information and is not therefore subject to protection as personal information.
Privacy policy and practices
Personal information gathered by our organization is kept in confidence. It is the policy of Osteoporosis Canada to control the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with all requirements set out in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
You will be informed about how your personal information will be used by the organization.
You will have the opportunity to limit the use of your personal information by the organization.
Our personnel and authorized volunteers access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reasons for which it was obtained.
Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered.
We take measures to ensure the integrity of this information is maintained.
You may request specific information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Your personal information is available to you upon request.
Website and electronic commerce
We use password protocols and encryption software to protect personal and other information we receive over the Internet.
Contact information
We welcome any questions, concerns or complaints in relation to Osteoporosis Canada’s privacy practices on the treatment of personal information. You can direct your inquiry to our Privacy Officer, Kerry Grady , or contact her by phone at (416) 696-2663 ext. 2264, or 1-800-463-6842 ext. 2264.