https://ottawafacialsurgery.com/privacy-policy/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Home
Team
Services
Blog
Contact Us
613-521-3223
Appointment
Products
Home » Privacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
This Web site does not collect any personal information without your consent or collect any information that personally identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted without your personal consent. We do not share any personal information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any unauthorized purposes.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Ottawa Facial Surgery is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Tracking
This site uses Google Analytics as a third party tracking tool.
We use cookies to track anonymous data.
Ads and Cookies
We use Google Analytics, Google AdWords Conversion tracker, and other Google services that place cookies on a browser across the website. These cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google tracking, please visit this page.
We use AdWords remarketing to market our sites across the web. We place a cookie on a browser, and then a 3rd party (Google) reads these cookies and may serve an ad on a 3rd party site. You may opt out of this ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about 3rd party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Remarketing
Remarketing is powerful ads used to serve ads across the content network to people who previously visited our website. This is done by using cookies.
Cookies
Cookies. A cookie is a string of information that is sent by a web site and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer’s memory. We may employ cookie technology to help you move faster through our Site. We may employ cookie technology to estimate our total audience size and traffic and to help us improve our Site’s experience by measuring which site areas are of greatest interest to users. You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser in your computer, but you should note that if you do so, this may materially affect the functionality of the Site and the information you can access through it. If you wish to find out more about cookies, or how to refuse cookies, please visit the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s web site at www.allaboutcookies.org. We collect anonymous data when you visit most pages on the Site. Your visit may automatically provide us with data that is not linked to your personal information, such as your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring web site addresses. Some parts of the Site use embedded pixel or javascript technologies to facilitate your use of the Web site and to track general traffic. We use your anonymous data to obtain general statistics regarding the use of the Site and its specific Web pages and to evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our Web site on an aggregate basis. We do not link your anonymous data with personal data.
Contacting the Webmaster
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: mailbox@face.ca
Contact Gregory P. Antoniak, M.D., F.R.C.S. (C)
Facial Surgery & Cosmetic Centre of Ottawa, Inc.
1919 Riverside Dr., Suite 308
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada K1H 1A2
Tel: 613-521-3223 | Fax: 613-521-6017
Email: mailbox@face.ca
Credentials & Qualifications
Newsletter Sign Up
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Concent*
I would like to receive promotions and educational information via email
I would like to receive appointment reminders via email
CAPTCHA
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Clinic Information
About Us
Safety Standards
Commitment To Learning
Recent News
InMode Insider Summit!
WHY TO WASH BOTH AM & PM!
GLO SUMMER ESSENTIALS!
Social Media
© 2020 Facial Surgery & Cosmetic Centre of Ottawa. | Privacy Policy | Terms and ConditionsWebsite by
Home
Team
Services
Blog
Contact Us
613-521-3223
Appointment
Products