https://pahx.org/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
ABOUT
Who Are We?
Our Mission
Our History & Projects
PA Veterans Garden
Founding Members
Collection Desc.
Collection Devlopment Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Publication Policy
Website Terms of Use
INFO
Helpful Links
First PA State Leg.
Nat’l Conf. Sites
Our Associates
PA Glossary
PAHx Newsletter
Past Presidents
Preserving History
Research & Education
Search Options
HISTORY
Archival Research
Biographies
Collection & Exhibits
First Class Photos
Oral Histories
PA History Trivia
PA Timeline
Int’l PA Timeline
Photos
Research Library
Videos
SUPPORT US
How to support us
Our Associates
Our Friends
Legacy Circle
PA History Books
Posters & Lapel Pins
Chipper Comic Book
The Way We Were DVD
Student History Kit
First Generation PAs
Contact
ASSOCIATES
sign in
UsernamePasswordRemember Me
Lost your password?
BECOME AN ASSOCIATE
join
Donate
donate
Your donation will help the PA _History Society staff work with organizations, institutions, researchers and archivists throughout the nation.
The Society is a nonprofit corporation 501(c)(3), all gifts are tax-deductible.
physician assistant history society
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 28, 2020
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.pahx.org. This privacy notice applies to information collected about you, including when you visit this website, attend an event, or otherwise interact with us. This policy will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
How we use information acquired when you register for an Associate account.
What information is shared with us when placing an order and what we do with that information.
How we use Cookies on our website.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
What information we collect during contests and surveys and how we may use it.
Opting out of communications from us in the future.
EU/UK specific notices
Advising on websites we link to through our website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected when you visit this site, attend an event or otherwise interact with us. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via the website, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfil your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Associate Registration
In order to use the Associates only section of our website, a user must first complete the registration process. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as their name, their PA program or organization, mailing address, and an email address). This information may be used to contact you about new PAHx educational products/services on our site, reminders regarding your annual Associate Educational Research Fee, to share the Society’s quarterly newsletter with you and/or other information regarding the benefits and services of the PA History Society.
Orders
We will request information from you on our PayPal order form. To order one of our educational products, you must provide contact information (e.g., name and shipping address). We do not have access to your credit card information. PayPal only forwards your name and shipping address to PAHx. You may also provide your shipping address directly to us via telephone, instead of including it on our PayPal order form. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you. After your order is complete, we do not retain the information that was provided to us (name and address).
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. We only use cookies for analytics so that we can enhance the experience on our site.  For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, please see our cookie notice.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information via the website (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the webpage.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information (name and contact information). The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time, we will request information for surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether to participate and therefore disclose any information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address). Contact information will only be used to notify the winners and send award prizes and will not be retained after the contest. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and the PA History Society.
Opting Out of Communications
If you have subscribed to or are otherwise receiving news or similar information from us by email and no longer want to receive such information in the future, you may opt out of receiving certain types of emails by emailing us at contactus@pahx.org and request to be taken off our mailing list. Please allow ample time for us to process your request. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving emails, you may still receive communications related to your interaction with us (such as confirmation of a registration or form submission) or otherwise as required by law. Also, note that we may need to keep information we have collected about you for record-keeping, research and other purposes.
EU/UK-Specific Notice
These terms apply to personal information collected by us if you are an EU or UK resident. “Personal information” as used in this section means any information that enables us to identify you either directly or indirectly. Such information is controlled by the Society for the Preservation of Physician Assistant History, Inc. (PA History Society), which is headquartered in the United States at 12000 Findley Road, Suite 100 Johns Creek, GA 30097-1409.
We process your personal information for purposes described in this privacy notice where we have a legal basis under applicable European and UK data protection law. We will store your personal information, in a form that permits us to identify you for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the personal information is processed.
Subject to applicable law, in certain circumstances you may have the right to access, correct, and restrict the processing of, deletion of, or transfer of the personal information we hold about you. You can choose to stop receiving direct communications from us at any time by emailing us at contactus@pahx.org and request to be unsubscribed.
Where you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under this privacy notice or applicable law, we ask that you contact us first to see if we can resolve the issue. However, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with an appropriate supervisory authority.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 678-417-8682 or via email.