https://pahx.org/terms-use
Menu
Home
ABOUT
Who Are We?
Our Mission
Our History & Projects
PA Veterans Garden
Founding Members
Collection Desc.
Collection Devlopment Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Publication Policy
Website Terms of Use
INFO
Helpful Links
First PA State Leg.
Nat’l Conf. Sites
Our Associates
PA Glossary
PAHx Newsletter
Past Presidents
Preserving History
Research & Education
Search Options
HISTORY
Archival Research
Biographies
Collection & Exhibits
First Class Photos
Oral Histories
PA History Trivia
PA Timeline
Int’l PA Timeline
Photos
Research Library
Videos
SUPPORT US
How to support us
Our Associates
Our Friends
Legacy Circle
PA History Books
Posters & Lapel Pins
Chipper Comic Book
The Way We Were DVD
Student History Kit
First Generation PAs
Contact
ASSOCIATES
sign in
UsernamePasswordRemember Me
Lost your password?
BECOME AN ASSOCIATE
join
Donate
donate
Your donation will help the PA _History Society staff work with organizations, institutions, researchers and archivists throughout the nation.
The Society is a nonprofit corporation 501(c)(3), all gifts are tax-deductible.
physician assistant history society
Terms of Use
Use of the PA History Society’s web site is permitted for non-commercial, personal, academic or research use only. The U.S. Copyright Law permits certain uses of copyrighted materials, if specifically provided, or if that use falls within the definition of “Fair Use” as described by that law. Transmission or reproduction, whether by electronic means or otherwise, of protected items beyond what is allowed by the limitations of the U.S. Copyright law requires the written permission of the copyright owner. If you use any of the material, any Copyright and other propriety notices should be kept intact with the material. Granting or withholding of permission to use materials that are under the jurisdiction of the collection’s staff is determined on a case by case basis, and a usage fee may be required depending on the type of proposed use, the amount of requested materials, or the time to gather the requested materials.
Request to use materials from the digital collection require the following information:
Printed Name, position/title, mailing address, telephone and email address of person making the request.
List of requested digital items with ID numbers to be transferred or reproduced electronically or otherwise.
Brief description of intended use of material including purpose, audience, format, when and where to be used.
Signed statement that individual has read the terms of use, understands the copyright restrictions described for the collection, and will not hold the PA History Society, its agents or collaborating institutions or organizations liable for any action taken by a plaintive who believes the requesting party is using the materials for any purposes other than intended or that infringe upon copyright law limitations.
When requesting materials for private research or educational use, please read and fill out our Terms of Use form. Please submit form to the archivist at the email address below.
If you would like to use any of our materials in a publication or any other for-profit pursuit, please fill out our Permission to Use form for the PA History Staff to review. Depending on the nature of the request and the purposed use of materials, permission may be refused. Materials that are given permission to use must be used “as is” and may not not be altered, modified, or distorted in any way.
Request for use of materials from the digital collection should be sent to:
The PA History Society’s Director and Archivist
E-mail: ContactUs@pahx.org
Telephone: (678) 417-8682; Fax (678) 417-8175
Copyright of Collections
Unless otherwise noted, all materials that are part of this Website, including images, illustrations, logos, icons, artifacts, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials are copyrighted and include trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by the PA History Society, its agents or collaborating organizations and institutions. Copyright information is found in the catalog records, finding aids, or metadata that accompany the digital collection. When possible, we will provide information about copyright of digital items included in the collection and that are accessible on the web site. Users should be aware that some materials in this digital collection may be subject to additional restrictions enforced by collaborating institutions and organizations or may be protected by the U. S. Copyright Law (Title 17, U. S. C.). Reproduction of materials can be restricted by the host institution, donor restrictions, privacy and publicity rights or licensing and trademarks. As a user, you are ultimately responsible for determining copyright restrictions, for obtaining necessary written permission and for paying any fees necessary for the reproduction or proposed use of the materials.
Citations
Published work created using Physician Assistant History Society Archives materials should include a proper acknowledgment.
Bibliography example:
Physician Assistant History Society Archives, Johns Creek, GA. Box 2,Scrapbook, Stephen L. Joyner papers, 1964-1991.
PastPerfect ™ Digital Database Example:
Physician Assistant History Society Archives, Johns Creek, GA. Tom Piemme, Noel McFarlane, Paul Moson, and E.A. Stead, 1974, AAPA Photograph Collection, Object ID AAPA3.08.
Website Example:
Physician Assistant History Society, Johns Creek, GA. Biography, Piemme, Thomas E. (2011) Retrieved at http://www.pahx.org/piemme-thomas-e.
Copyright Basics
To learn more about copyright legal issues and guidelines consult the U.S. Copyright Office’s online guide at:
https://www.copyright.gov
Updated May 28, 2020