http://palmer-tulsa.org/donate-now/donor-privacy-policy/
Your Gifts at WorkIn-kind DonationsDonor Bill of RightsDonor Privacy PolicyPlanned Giving ProgramCall UsPalmer Adolescent Treatment ServicesAdolescent Servicesinfo@palmer-tulsa.org
5319 S Lewis Ave #219
Tulsa, OK 74105
(918) 832-7763
(918) 292-8250  (fax)Tulsa Women and Children’s CenterWomen’s Residentialinfo@palmer-tulsa.org
2442 Mohawk Blvd.
Tulsa, OK 74110
(918) 430-0975
(24/7)
(918) 430-0995  (fax)
Donor Privacy Policy
Palmer maintains the highest level of respect for the privacy of its donors. In furtherance of our commitment to honor your rights, we have developed this Donor Privacy Policy to guide our staff and volunteers on how they may and may not use your personal information.
What information we collect
Palmer uses personal information collected from donors for the purposes of processing payments and communicating with donors about Palmer as well as conducting the fundraising and other operations of Palmer. This information may include name, amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments, e-mail address, and any other personal information provided to us (“Donor Data”). For donations by check, Donor Data also includes the data visible on the check.
As part of providing an online experience expected by our donors, we may store various data that are collected as part of standard web operations (including things like user agent strings, ip addresses, referrer strings, and cookies). We may use this data for purposes described in this policy, including analytical needs and improved functionality of our website. We make limited use of cookies, including third party cookies (such as cookies from payment processors), to track sessions, help store data, and fulfill the purposes set out in this policy. You can prevent or delete our cookies by adapting your browser settings, although this will likely affect the functionality of the website.
Payment Processors and Other Service Providers. Payment processors allow donors to give electronically using a payment services account, a credit card, or other payment method. These processors collect certain information from donors, and you should consult their privacy policies to determine their practices.
To provide donors the best possible experience, we work with service providers and may share Donor Data and other information with, or have it transmitted through, them. Such service providers include, for example, collocation facilities and bandwidth providers as well as organizations that help non-profit organizations with fundraising.
How we use that information
Donor Data. Donor Data may be used for these kinds of purposes:
Distributing receipts and thanking donors for donations
Informing donors about upcoming fundraising and other activities of Palmer
Internal analysis, such as research and analytics
Record keeping
Reporting to applicable government agencies as required by law
Surveys, metrics, and other analytical purposes
Other purposes related to the fundraising operations
Unless otherwise stated, we do not publish, sell, trade, or rent Donor Data nor do we send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations. Anonymized donor information may be used for promotional and fundraising activities. Comments that are provided by donors may be publicly published and may be used in promotional materials. We may use available information to supplement the Donor Data to improve the information we use to drive our fundraising efforts. We may allow donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation unless otherwise requested as part of the online donation process. Palmer will only share Donor Data if the donor has given us specific permission to do so.
We use data gathered for payment processors and other service providers only for the purposes described in this policy.
Financial information
It is our internal policy to limit access to financial information to professional staff and volunteers who need to process that information for the purposes described above. Personal financial information is not sold to or traded with other parties.
We use partners to provide online payment processing services. Usually, the privacy policies of these organizations will be presented to you on their respective websites and typically also as part of your donation process. If you pay by credit card, we do not store your credit card information, bank account numbers, or other financial account data sent directly to those processing services.
Contact us
If you have questions about this Donor Privacy Policy or requests about the status and correctness of your donor data, please email eneas@palmer-tulsa.org or write to:
Palmer Continuum of Care, Inc.
PO Box 580700
Tulsa, OK 74158-0700
If you want to make a donation by check, please send the check to:
Palmer Continuum of Care, Inc.
PO Box 580700
Tulsa, OK 74158-0700
Security
We are committed to protecting donor personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Among other things, we undertake a range of security practices, including measures to help secure web access to sensitive data and undertake efforts to address security vulnerabilities for various tools and databases.
Other Disclosures
We may disclose information when required by law; when needed to protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, donors, or users; and when necessary to enforce our terms of service.
Updates
We may change the Donor Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes will be reflected on this page. Substantive changes may also be announced through the standard mechanisms by which we communicate with our users and community. You should periodically check this page for any changes to the current policy.
Data Retention
We seek to retain donor-related information only as needed to fulfill the purposes described in this policy unless a longer retention period is required by law or regulations. For example, tax laws in the United States and the State of Oklahoma may require the Foundation to keep contact information and contribution level of donors on file.
Rights
You have certain rights with respect to the information we collect about you. Upon request, we will tell you what information we hold about you and correct any incorrect information. We will also make reasonable efforts to delete your information if you ask us to do so, unless we are otherwise required to keep it.
Donor Bill of Rights
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. Ethical standards and principles are the foundation for maintaining public trust. To ensure this, a group of concerned fundraising organizations has created the Donor Bill of Rights. Palmer Continuum of Care, Inc. has endorsed this policy:
To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
I. To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
II. To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
III. To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
IV. To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
V. To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
VI. To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
VII. To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
VIII. To be informed of whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
IX. To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
X. To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Return to Home
Home
How We Help
Drug Info
About Us
Events
Contact Us
Donate Now
How We Help
Outpatient Programs
Women’s Programs
Children’s Programs
Drug Info
Designer Drug Info
Methproject.org
Alcoholics Anonymous
Narcotics Anonymous
About Us
Mission
Measures of Success
History
Meet the Staff
Board of Directors
Partners
Careers and Internships
Events
Embers
Donate Now
Your Gifts at Work
In-kind Donations
Planned Giving Program
Donor Bill of Rights
Donor Privacy Policy
Contact Us