http://pamstroud.org.uk/privacy_notice.html
Privacy
Pam Stroud's Reflexology
Healing Art
HomeWelcome
Who Can BenefitMore information on who can benefit from Reflexology.
PregnancyHow Reflexology can help during your pregnancy.
NewsInformation on recent events.
PedicureA new service to complement Reflexology
Facial ReflexologyPressure Points Facial Massage
Price ListMy current treatment prices
Contact MeFeedback welcome
MembersMembers
Data Privacy Notice
We are dedicated to maintaining both a high standard of privacy and a high standard of data protection in all of our activities.
This Data Privacy Notice is to assure you of our compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and The Privacy & Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Data Controller
Pam Stroud's Reflexology is the Data Controller of any personal information you provide to us. We can be contacted via our website www.pamstroud.org.uk Contact Me page or by email to webmaster@pamstroud.org.uk.
Data we keep
We may keep your
personal information as provided by you and as appropriate for the event or activity that you are interested in.
In addition we may keep your IP address and other technical information relating to your use of this website including but not limited to browser type. This information is kept in server log files and deleted within 12 months.
Should you complete forms on our website including but not limited to "Contact Me", surveys and products/services requests, we may keep your personal information because it is our "legitimate interest".
Use of your data
We will use your personal information for communicating with you about the event or activity that you are interested in.
We may communicate about other events or activities of ours, provided you have given explicit consent.
We will keep your personal information until the end of the event or activity and for a period thereafter of up to six years.
Sharing of Data
We will keep your personal information securely on computers and servers within the UK and not pass it to third parties unless they are helping us to process information for the specific event or activity. The third parties may include but are not limited to ticket sellers and website providers.
Access to Data
You may request a copy of your personal information using the website or email address above.
You may request an update to your personal information.
You may request that we limit use of your personal information.
You may withdraw consent to use your personal information.
You may request removal of your personal information.
We will respond to any such requests within 30 days. Should we refuse any request you will be given the reason.
Should you be dissatisfied with our use of your personal information and we have not responded to your satisfaction, you may contact the Information Commissioner's Office on 0303 123 1113 or visit their website ico.org.uk/concerns for advice.
Copyright © 2004 - 2020 Pam Stroud's Reflexology. All rights reserved.. Accessibility | Contact Us | Home | News | Site Map | Privacy | Terms of use . Powered by Squarezone Club Sites https://www.pamstroud.org.uk/privacy_notice.html       2020-12-11 07:33