https://parachute.ca/en/terms-of-use-and-privacy-policy/
Parachute
Search
EN
/								FR
Injury Topics
Programs
Professional Resources
Donate
Menu
Search something specific
Search
Popular Searches
Filter by
Filter by type						Clear
Expand
Injury Topics
Programs
Professional Resources
Pages
News releases
Posts
Resources
Profiles
Reports
Filter by tag						Clear
Expand
I am a…
Athlete/coach
Community organizer
Educator
Health-care practitioner
Member of the public
Parent/caregiver
Researcher
Road safety professional
Senior
Youth
Looking for information about…
Adults
Children (5-12)
Infants/Toddlers (0-4)
Older Adults
Youth (13-24)
Results for
0/0 Pages
Previous Page
Next Page
No results found.
0/0 Pages
Previous Page
Next Page
Back
Home
Injury Topics
Programs
Professional Resources
Donate
Search
About us
Media
Partners and donors
Shop
Follow @parachutecanada
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
Twitter
Youtube
Parachute terms of use / disclaimer
Your access to and continued use of the Parachute website at www.parachute.ca (the “Site”)  constitutes your acceptance of, and compliance with, the following provisions. If you have not already done so, please take some time to read them. Please check back periodically as these terms and conditions may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Site will mean you accept those changes.
All information on the Site (the “Information”) is copyrighted by Parachute (“we” or “us”) or other contributors. Users of the Site (“you”) are granted a limited license to use (display or print) the Information for personal, non-commercial use only, provided the Information is not modified and all copyright and other proprietary notices are retained. Any other use is strictly prohibited without our prior permission and the permission of the applicable rights holders. None of the Information may be otherwise reproduced, republished or re-disseminated in any manner or form without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of Parachute. Certain words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on the Site may constitute trademarks, service marks or trade names of Parachuteor other entities.
The safety information or advice provided on this website is provided for educational purposes only and is not designed or intended to constitute medical advice. This information is not a substitute for the personalized judgment and care of a trained medical professional.
Any information created by us is believed to be reliable when posted. However, we do not guarantee or warrant the quality, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, appropriateness or suitability of the Information provided. Reliance on any Information appearing on the Site is at your own risk. We also expressly disclaim all warranties, representations and conditions regarding use of the Site or the Information. We assume no obligation to update the Information or advice on further developments concerning topics mentioned. The Information is supplied “AS IS” and may contain typographical or other errors. The Information may be changed from time to time without notice. Certain portions of the Information may have been contributed by other persons and should not be assumed to have been reviewed or endorsed by us.
Reference to, or mention of, specific products, processes or services do not constitute or imply a recommendation or endorsement by us. Any links we provide to other sites are provided as a reference to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest. These other sites were independently developed by parties other than Parachute and we do not assume responsibility for the accuracy or appropriateness of the information contained at, or endorse the viewpoints expressed at such other sites. Your use of any third party website is at your own risk and is subject to the terms of use of such site.
This is a Canadian website and its content is intended for Canadian residents only. The laws in effect in the Province of Ontario shall govern this Agreement and any dispute or claim based on your use of the Site or the Information. You agree that any action or proceeding related to this Agreement or your use of the Site shall only be brought by you in the courts of the Province of Ontario. These Terms of Use set forth the entire understanding and agreement between Parachute and you with respect to the Site.
If you do not agree to be bound by the above terms and conditions, then please click on the [BACK] button on your Web browser until you have left this Site.
Parachute Privacy Policy
At Parachute we are committed to protecting your privacy. We value your trust and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be open and accountable in our treatment of the information that you choose to share with us.
Personal information
Personal information is any information that can be used alone or together with other available information to identify a specific individual. Contact information and certain other publicly available information, such as your name, address, and telephone number as published in telephone directories, are not considered personal information. However, we want you to be aware of what kind of information we are likely to ask you for when you contact us. This normally includes your name, address, city, province, postal code, phone, and e-mail.
Privacy practices
Parachute respects your privacy. We do not sell, rent, or trade the information we collect. We collect, use, and disclose personal information only for the purpose of processing mailings, keeping you informed about our activities and to ask for your support in our mission to prevent injuries. You can expect that we will take care to protect any information we collect from you, and that we will only use or disclose it with your consent, or as required by law. We offer numerous privacy options, including the option to limit or opt-out of future contact.
Use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to infer some anonymous demographic features of the site’s collective audience. This process uses both the Google Analytics cookie on this site as well as Google advertising cookies on other third-party sites to determine the characteristics of our site visitors. This information is only used in aggregate fashion to help Parachute understand the nature of our site visitors. No information collected in this process is used to identify individuals. Users can learn of the options to opt out of Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Protecting your information
Our employees sign confidentiality agreements and we have put safeguards in place to minimize the possibility that the information we hold is accessed, disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We also use reasonable business practices to maintain the integrity of this information and to prevent it from loss, theft or inappropriate access.
Updating of privacy policy
We regularly review our privacy practices as they relate to our various activities, and update our policy as required. Information on our website is updated regularly.  If you have questions, concerns or complaints relating to our privacy policy please contact our Privacy Officer at privacyofficer@parachute.ca.
Parachute linking policy
Linking to Parachute website
Thank you for your interest in linking to Parachute’s website. Parachute helps Canadian’s reduce their risk of injury and enjoy long lives lived to the fullest. Parachute encourages you to set up a link to our website for injury-prevention information.
Linking from Parachute’s website
When the Parachute website includes links to other sites, Parachute does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials available at the sites to which it links, including responsibility or liability for their accuracy. None of the links on the Parachute website is a referral or endorsement of either the linked-to entity or any product or services. Such links are provided for reference purposes and convenience only.
Parachute does NOT endorse companies, products, or services, and strictly prohibits any suggestion of endorsement, recommendation, or superiority of one company, product or service over another company, product or service.
Parachute does not provide links from the Parachute website to external commercial sites except as specified by a pre-existing sponsorship agreement/contract, partnership or other contractual business relationship.
Parachute reserves the right to add, modify, and delete these guidelines without recourse.