https://paradigmpubs.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About
Paradigm Publications
Privacy Policy
C.O.M.P
Media Center
Books
Books for Discriminating Readers
Books for Professionals
Acupuncture Modern Texts & Methods
Books by Modern Clinical Masters
Language, Learning & Reference
Resources
References
Background Papers
Blog
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy
Browse: Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Digital Factory December 29, 2015
If you browse our site, we do not capture any information about you except the anonymous record of the pages you browsed and the referring source by which you arrived at our site. We use these to study how the site is used. Once this information is summarized it is destroyed.
While we have implemented reasonable security precautions, no one can guarantee that their site cannot be “hacked” (broken into by unauthorized persons). However, this site contains no financial information, or identification that can be used to steal your identity. We maintain smail and email lists of people who have requested receipt of our e-Newsletter or catalogs. These email lists are maintained off-line behind a firewall.
One of the reasons that we use Redwing Book Company to fulfill (pack and ship) the orders you place at our site is that both personal information (names and addresses) and financial data (charge card or account) are hosted on a PCI (Payment Card Industry) standard site. These are the same requirements applied to vast online enterprises. Redwing uses a professionally-provided secure server. Your orders are delivered by secure email from the secure sever to where they are entered into an off-line system. While this requires more human interaction and cost, it strongly protects customers. Human review of your order also means that better shipping alternatives may be noted and address and order errors corrected. Every year Redwing’s customers save thousands of dollars because of customer service corrections and suggestions.
Paradigm Publications maintains lists of addresses of customers, media professionals, correspondents and writers interested in Acupuncture, Chinese and Japanese medicine, and allied arts. We occasionally email these lists about new books, or events of field-wide interest.  We will occasionally send information about books, seminars, or special prices. We do not sell these lists. Redwing has maintained customer lists since 1973. None have ever been sold. Once your charge card information has been used (through any back orders), it is removed on a scheduled basis.
This site, www.paradigmpubs.com, is not used to gather information that is not explicitly and voluntarily provided.
We do not sell or share any customer information. You buying history, your name and address, email address, and all contact information are never distributed in any form.
Do not share your account. If you and a significant other or business partner share your account, you are responsible for their changes, orders, etc.
Newsletter Subscription Sign me up for periodic newsletters & updates about new books.
Contact Us Paradigm Publications
202 Bendix Drive
Taos NM 87571
Phone: (575) 758 7758
Fax: (575) 758 7768
Email: info@paradigmpubs.com
Copyright ©2006 Paradigm Pubs. All Rights Reserved
Designed & Powered by Digital Factory
Sign In
Username *
Password *
Remember me on this computer
Forgot your password?
New User? 								Register Now
Forgot password
Email:
Sign Up
E-mail * User name *
Already have an account? Sign in