http://parkavenuevets.com/us/policies/
Hospital Policies
Office hours are by appointment only. If you bring your pet in without an appointment, you may be asked to wait until an open appointment is available, or to leave your pet in our care until a doctor is available, unless the situation is considered an emergency.
Pets must be kept on a leash or in a carrier at all times while in our lobby or front yard area.
For the safety of everyone’s pets, no animal shall be accepted into Park Avenue Animal Hospital for boarding, bathing, hospitalization, or any situation where the animal is required to stay for any amount of time beyond a standard appointment, without record of appropriate vaccination. Vaccinations for dogs include Rabies, DA2PP (Distemper), and Bordetella (Canine Cough). Vaccinations for cats include Rabies and FVRCP (Distemper). A clean fecal float is also required and must have been performed within the past year.
When leaving your pet at our facility for any reason (dropping off for an exam, boarding, surgery, etc.) please allow 10-15 minutes so that we may process the appropriate paperwork. You may also be asked to wait to speak with a doctor or technician, depending on the situation. For major surgeries, a deposit may be required before taking in your pet.
Our facility is not set up for billing. 100% payment is due at the time services are rendered. For your convenience, we accept Visa, Mastercard, Discover and debit, as well as cash and check. We do not accept CareCredit or American Express. To prevent over-drafting and insufficient fund fees, checks are processed while you wait, using our electronic check verification system. Please be prepared to offer a secondary form of payment, should your primary method of payment be declined.
After-Hours Emergencies
For after-hours emergencies, we have a partnership with the Veterinary Emergency Clinic of Central Florida, and highly recommend their services. Their clinics are open and on-call 24 hours a day and can handle emergencies of all types. You can find your nearest emergency clinic at one of the following locations:
Casselberry VEC
195 Concord Dr.
Casselberry, FL 32707
407-644-4449
South Orlando VEC
2080 Principal Row
Orlando, FL 32837
407-438-4449
Waterford Lakes VEC
11011 Lake Underhill Rd.
Orlando, FL 32825
407-644-4449
Leesburg VEC
33040 Professional Dr.
Leesburg, FL 34788
352-728-4440
Boarding Policies
Vaccine Requirements – For the safety of everyone’s pets, no animal shall be accepted into Park Avenue Animal Hospital’s boarding facility without record of appropriate vaccination. For dogs, required vaccines include Rabies, DA2PP or DHPP (commonly known as “Distemper”, with or without Corona and Leptospirosis), and Bordetella (Canine Cough). For cats, required vaccinations include Rabies and FVRCP (commonly known as “Distemper”). All pets are required to have a fecal test for intestinal parasites within one (1) year. If no vaccination history is provided, or a pet is not current on their vaccines at the time of drop off for boarding, or if a pet tests positive for intestinal parasites, a doctor will evaluate the pet and vaccinate or treat as needed, at the owner’s expense.
External Parasite Control – All pets will be checked for fleas and ticks before being accepted into the kennel. If a pet is found to have external parasites, a dosage of appropriate medication will be administered at the owner’s expense. In excessive cases, a bath may also be given at the owner’s expense.
Treatment – Should a pet become ill (including vomiting, diarrhea, inappetence, etc) during their stay, Park Avenue Animal Hospital will make every reasonable effort to contact the owner or authorized emergency contact to advise them of the situation. Until that time, Park Avenue Animal Hospital will be authorized to give the necessary care or treatment for the pet at the owner’s expense.
Personal Belongings – Park Avenue Animal Hospital provides clean, stainless steel bowls for food and water, and plenty of bedding for every patient. We do not allow personal bedding, clothing or towels to be left with boarding pets as they can become soiled or damaged. Small pieces of toys and chews can be broken or torn off and can become a choking hazard or can be ingested, which can cause a potential surgical emergency.  Because of this, we do not allow toys of any kind to be left with a pet for any amount of time, and we highly discourage owners from bringing these items.
Feeding Instructions – Unless otherwise specified, all boarding dogs are fed Purina Veterinary Diets E/N. All cats are fed Hill’s Science Diet Sensitive Stomach & Skin. These foods are very palatable and easily digested, and both are well-received by pets of all ages and dietary requirements. Canned food can also be provided at an additional charge. We at Park Avenue Animal Hospital understand that there are cases where a pet may require a very specific diet, and we are happy to accommodate this need. An additional charge may apply if a veterinary therapeutic diet is requested and not provided by the pet owner.
Medication – For pets that are on medication during their stay, we ask that owners provide the medications in their original vial, marked with the pet’s name, drug name, dosage, and instructions.
Abandonment – In accordance with Florida State Statute 705.19, pets that are left beyond their scheduled date of release from boarding without communication from the owner may be considered abandoned. Park Avenue Animal Hospital will make every reasonable effort to contact the owner or authorized agent before further action is taken. In the event no contact can be made, a certified letter will be sent to the owner’s last known address. If no response is made within 10 (ten) days, the pet will be considered abandoned and will become the property of Park Avenue Animal Hospital. Abandonment does not release the owner from financial obligation leading up to and including care for the pet once in the legal ownership of the hospital. Park Avenue Animal Hospital reserves the right to evaluate abandoned pets for the purpose of adopting out. Animals deemed suitable for adoption may be turned over to bona fide rescue organizations or county-based Animal Services.
Release – Pets will only be released to the owner on record unless other arrangements have been made in advance and are provided to Park Avenue Animal Hospital in writing. We ask owners to please provide all pertinent information on any authorized person scheduled to pick up a pet in the owner’s absence. We also ask that owners provide a method of payment to be processed at the time of discharge, should a pet be released to an authorized person. Pet owners may need to be present to pick up their pet if a doctor has evaluated the pet during its stay for any reason. We will make every reasonable effort to arrange an appropriate time for discharge.
Privacy Policy
The Doctors and Staff at Park Avenue Animal Hospital are privileged to have your trust and your business. We respect your privacy and will do everything we can to protect your personal information in our office and on our website.
Occasionally we will offer subscriptions to our newsletter, post a survey or a online poll that our website visitors will need to submit an email address to subscribe to our online services. We may also offer prizes and accept entries into our online contests. We will never sell or trade your email address, or personal information to any individual or business entity.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer any of your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected off-line.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 03/20/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Park Avenue Animal Hospital
847 N. Park Avenue
Apopka, Florida 32712
Or through our email – contact@parkavenuevets.com
Disclaimer
Park Avenue Animal Hospital is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the site. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete, and up-to-date.
Although the Park Avenue Animal Hospital website may include links providing direct access to other internet resources, including websites, Park Avenue Animal Hospital is not responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in these sites.
Links from the Park Avenue Animal Hospital website to third-party sites do not constitute an endorsement by Park Avenue Animal Hospital of the parties or their products and services. The appearance on the website of advertisements and product or service information does not constitute an endorsement by Park Avenue Animal Hospital, and Park Avenue Animal Hospital has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser. Product information is based solely on material received from suppliers.
Copyright 2019 by Park Avenue Animal Hospital