http://path.upmc.edu/privacy.htm
DEPARTMENT OF PATHOLOGY
DIVISIONS
CONSULTATION
TRAINING
GRANTS MANAGEMENT
FACULTY
RESIDENTS' WEB
ADMIN
NEWS
SEMINARS
LINKS
Home
About Us
For Patients
School of Medicine
Health Sciences Portal
Faculty Development
Pathology as a Career
Training in Pathology
PathConsult CME
Case Studies
Case of the Month
Centers of Excellence
Consultation
International Affiliations
Online Conferences
Feedback
Privacy Statement
The Department of Pathology (the Department) respects the privacy of every individual
who visits our website, responds to online surveys, or contacts us via electronic mail
or telephone. Committed to protecting the privacy of its users, the information
gathered by the Department is used solely to monitor its effectiveness in providing relevant and
credible health information, in answering consumers' questions, and in improving the site.
The Department collects data about how our site is searched to enable us to understand
and respond to the needs of our users. This data does not contain personally identifiable
information. We do collect information about the domain name of the server from which
you are visiting. It is aggregated and used to determine the number of visitors to our site
each day, and sources of traffic. However, you can, in general, visit our website without
identifying yourself or disclosing any personal information.
If you choose to respond to online surveys and provide any personal information, this
information will be stored in secure databases so that we are better able to understand
your needs and provide you with more focused service. Email addresses you provide are used
to respond to comments submitted through our feedback and survey forms, when indicated.
Various people at the Department may see the material you submit. We may enter the information
you send into our electronic database, to share with our physicians, other health care
professionals, researchers, or our Internet services staff. In other limited circumstances,
including requests from legal authorities, we may be required by law to disclose information you submit.
You should note that electronic mail and other Internet communications channels are not
necessarily secure against interception. While we take precautions, such as encrypting communications
where appropriate, if your communication is very sensitive, or includes information like your
diagnosis or medical history, you might want to send it by postal mail instead.
At no point does the Department now, or will it ever sell, trade or rent personal information
about its users to any outside individual or organization. This website is not affiliated
with any advertisers.
The Department of Pathology website also contains links to other sites. The Department is not responsible
for the privacy practices, timeliness, or accuracy of the content of such websites.
By using our website, you give your consent to the collection and use of the information
discussed above by the Department. Changes in this policy will be posted on this page so that you
may always be aware of what information is being collected, how it is being used, and under what
circumstances it is being disclosed.
Should you have questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with this website, you can contact us using the Feedback form.
© 2020 UPMC | University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. This site is designed and maintained by Enterprise Provider Solutions.
Please read our Privacy Statement and Terms of Use. Send questions and comments to the Web Administrator.