https://pcseniorservices.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyDan Busby2017-01-05T22:35:48-08:00
Online Privacy Policy AgreementAtascadero Christian Home, Inc., (ACH), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with ACH of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to ACH and any subsidiary company listed below, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of www.pcseniorservices.org you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.Subsidiary and Affiliate Companies: Pacific Christian Senior Services, Country Care Health Center, Bethesda House.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site. ACH may have the occasion to collect anonymous demographic information. We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
ACH may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services or events that may be available to you from www.pcseniorservices.org and our subsidiaries and affiliates. ACH and our subsidiaries and affiliates may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
ACH does not now, nor will in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties. ACH may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public. ACH may disclose your information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon ACH or our website.
Maintain safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of ACH.
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of www.pcseniorservices.org and/or the general public.
CHILDREN UNDER AGE 13
ACH does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age 13 without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of 13, we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database. Anyone under the age of 13 must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
UNSUBSCRIBE OR OPT-OUT
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email to dherman@pcseniorservices.org. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website and unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
If ACH elects to have our website contain links to other websites, ACH does not claim or accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
SECURITY
ACH shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user’s personal information under our control. Financial transactions are conducted in agreement with the Paypal system policies.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
ACH reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website homepage by notifying visitors of a policy change. We will promptly notify the users of www.pcseniorservices.org by email if ACH decides to change this policy, allowing users to disassociate with ACH’s website.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within this Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you may choose to refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at dherman@pcseniorserices.org. Thank you on behalf of ACH management.
Mailing address:
Atascadero Christian Home, Inc.
8455 Santa Rosa Rd.
Atascadero, CA 93422
Effective 08/01/2016
Search for:
Atascadero Christian Community
8455 Santa Rosa Road, Atascadero, CA 93422
Phone: (805) 466-0281
Fax: (805) 466-9714
Bethesda House
8455 Santa Rosa Road, Atascadero, CA 93422
Phone: (805) 466-0281
Get Social
Recent Posts
Atascadero Christian Community Celebrates their 60th Anniversary
Morro Bay Trip
St. Patrick’s Day
Get Your Creativity On!
Move, Stretch, Breathe and Re-energize!
Payments
Privacy Policy
Sitemap Home
Our Mission
Our History
Blog
Independent Living
Assisted Living
Memory Care
Locations-Atascadero, CA
Volunteer
Give
Visit
Shop Amazon & Donate
Events
Contact
Donate Today!
Recent News
Atascadero Christian Community Celebrates their 60th Anniversary
Morro Bay Trip
St. Patrick’s Day
Get Your Creativity On!
Move, Stretch, Breathe and Re-energize!