http://perfecttranscription.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Perfect Transcription
Call Today
Payment
Billing
Status
Contact Us
Skip to content
Perfect Transcription
MENU
Home
Service & Benefits
What to Expect
Resources
About Us
Owner Bio
Careers
HOME/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Perfect Transcription works vigorously to protect the privacy of our clients. We have provided this notice for you to understand our information practices, and to give you the opportunity to make choices on how your information is collected and used. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
1-800-818-9375.
Information We Collect
This notice applies to all online information collected from, or submitted to Perfect Transcription’s website. When a visitor interacts with our website, client information will be requested for the purposes of signing-up for our no-obligation trial, accessing information about client transcription record status, or for billing purposes. The type of personal information collected on these pages includes:
Names of doctors who will dictate, clinic name, and contact person’s name.
Number of dictators planned – Required for transcription resource planning.
Physical address – Address, City, State, and Zip code for billing.
Dictation method used, Windows version, type of Internet connection, and word processor software used. This information is needed to configure our service to your environment.
Phone and fax numbers, and email addresses for communication purposes.
Information Use and Disclosure
We use the information you provide us, regarding aspects about your practice for the sole purpose of delivering the highest quality medical transcription service. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide our service.
Internal Use. We use information you provide us to most efficiently configure transmissions of dictated records to blend seamlessly with your record systems. We utilize your information to assign dedicated resources, and to setup our billing systems. We may use aggregate information about our clients to improve our marketing relevancy and effectiveness. For example, we may analyze website traffic statistics and outcomes to tailor our message.
Communications with you. Perfect Transcription Account Managers use contact information provided to respond to inquiries, or to follow up with specific transcription reporting or billing issues.
External use. We will comply with all legal requirements to provide information, in support of law enforcement requests, subpoenas, and court orders. We will also provide client information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, or the rights of others.
Be advised that every client owns the responsibility for protecting their unique Perfect Transcription log-in and password.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. See HIPAA Statement for more information about data security.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
When you sign-up for our no-obligation trial, you will receive a User ID and Password, which provides you with secure access to your transcript status and billing information through our website. If you notice any errors on these pages regarding your practice’s information, please call or email us immediately and we will make the corrections.
How to Contact Us
If you have specific questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-800-818-9375, or send an email to: info@PerfectTranscription.com.
One Week, Free Trial
Get started right away with few easy steps.
START YOUR FREE TRIAL
Perfect Transcription
Twitter
Linkedin
facebook
Copyright © 2020Perfect Transcription LLC. All rights reserved
Home
Service & Benefits
About Us
What to Expect
Resources
Careers
Contact Us
One Week, Free Trial
Privacy Policy
HIPAA