https://plasticsurgery.org.au/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Home - Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons Inc.
Privacy Policy
1. ASPS INFORMATION
Background
The Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons Inc. (“ASPS”) is a non-profit professional association devoted to the maintenance of excellent ethical and professional standards within the field of plastic and reconstructive surgery. At ASPS we collect and hold personal information necessary for us to carry out our activities including amongst other things, the provision of a membership register, the answering of feedback queries, the provision of information to interested parties, the operation of a Breast Implant Register and the planning, management and administration of conferences and seminars.
ASPS Contact Details
1.2 Contact details for the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons Inc. are as follows:
Suite 503, Level 569 Christie StreetST LEONARDS NSW 2065
p: 1300 367 446 or 02 9437 9200f: 02 9437 9210e: info@plasticsurgery.org.auw: www.plasticsurgery.org.au
ABN 78 823 025 148
2. PRIVACY COMPLIANCE
2.1 ASPS endeavours to deal with personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 or the Australian Privacy Principles.
2.2 The Australian Privacy Principles can be obtained through the website of the Australian Government’s Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (www.oaic.gov.au).
3. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY ASPS
3.1 ASPS seeks only to collect personal information that is necessary for one or more of its functions or activities. In collecting that personal information ASPS seeks only to use lawful and fair means and not to act in an unreasonably intrusive way.
3.2 Typically the type of information we will collect and the reasons such information is collected are outlined as follows:
Personal Information Gathered
What It Is Used For From members of ASPS, information such as names, business contact details and professional details and other information relating to the activities of ASPS. • To maintain a record of membership of ASPS.• To determine suitability for membership.• To provide services to our members.• To provide a publicly accessible search engine of plastic and reconstructive surgeon practitioners in various fields of plastic and reconstructive surgery.• To carry out activities to organise conferences, seminars and other meetings.• For disciplinary purposes.From practitioners, information such as names, business contact details and professional details and other information relating to the conference and seminar activities. To review abstracts, market and organise conferences, seminars and other meetings.From conference and seminar attendees, information such as names, business contact details, financial information and professional details and other information relating to conference and seminar activities.• To maintain a record of attendees at PSC conferences and events.• To process event registration and related fees• To carry out activities to organise conferences, seminars and other meetings.From the community, information such as names, contact details and e-mail address of persons who contact ASPS with requests for information or feedback or complaints. To respond to those communications.From patients who consent to their personal information being recorded in the Breast Implant Registry. Such information includes names, contact details and information relating to the implant and explant of prosthetic devices. To maintain and operate a Breast Implant Register  From the media, information such as names, contact details and e-mail address of persons who contact ASPS with request for information or feedback.• To provide relevant press details to the media.• To respond to requests raised by the media.From the medical industry, information such as organisation names, staff names, contact details and e-mail address of persons who contact PSC with request for information or feedback and company financial information.• To carry out activities to organise conferences, seminars and other meetings. • To process exhibition and sponsorship related invoices.
4. HOW DOES ASPS HANDLE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Use and Disclosure of Information
4.1 ASPS uses or discloses personal information about an individual for a purpose other than the primary purpose of collection (a secondary purpose) only if:
(a) The secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose of collection and you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for that secondary purpose;
(b) You have consented to the use or disclosure;
(c) The use or disclosure is permitted or required under the law;
(d) We reasonably believe on health or public safety grounds that the information should be used for another purpose; or
(e) It is otherwise permitted under the Australian Privacy Principles.
Manner of collection
4.2 ASPS receives personal information from members and other third parties by such persons directly supplying such information in the normal course of business.
Analytic, session and cookie tools
4.3 We use a range of tools provided by Google to collect or view website traffic information. Google has its own privacy policy. We also use cookies and session tools to improve your experience when accessing our websites.
4.4 The information collected by these tools may include the IP address of the device you are using and information about sites that IP address has come from, the pages accessed on our site and the next site visited. We use the information to maintain, secure and improve our website and to enhance your experience when using them. In relation to Google Analytics you can opt out of the collection of this information using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Data Quality
4.5 ASPS seeks to ensuring that personal information collected by ASPS is accurate, complete and up to date. Consistent with this objective ASPS provides via its website a facility for updating certain relevant personal details.
Storage and data protection
4.6 Personal information is contained both in hard copy and electronic format within the offices of ASPS. Personal information stored electronically is maintained in a secure environment.
4.7 The above records are only accessible to personnel of ASPS who require access to enable them to perform their duties. All personnel have signed Privacy and Confidentiality Agreements.
Destruction of records
4.8 ASPS seeks to destroy records relating to personal information when such information is no longer necessary to be retained within ASPS’ records. Access to records
4.9 Individuals will usually be able to access their personal information held by ASPS by writing to our Privacy Compliance Officer. No reasons have to be provided for seeking access. Where ASPS decides to provide access, ASPS will endeavour to provide a suitable range of choices as to how access may be given.
4.10 If a person believes that information held by ASPS, having regard to the purpose for which it is held, is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, they may request amendment of that personal information. ASPS will consider if the information requires amendment. If ASPS does not agree that there is any ground for amendment it will, if the individual seeking the amendment requires, place with that individual’s personal information, a statement from that individual as to why they consider it should be amended.
Notifiable Data Breaches
4.11 If a data breach occurs, ASPS will take all reasonable steps to ensure an assessment is completed within 30 days. If a data breach is confirmed, as soon as practicable ASPS will provide a statement to each of the individuals whose data was breached or who are at risk, including details of the breach and recommendations of the steps individuals should take. A copy of the statement will also be provided to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE
5.1 ASPS is committed to providing members and interested parties whose personal information we hold, a fair and responsible system for the handling of complaints concerning the collection, accuracy or disclosure of personal information.
5.2 ASPS has a designated officer (the “Privacy Compliance Officer”) whose role includes dealing with complaints, concerns or queries that individuals have with respect to personal information held by ASPS. Should you have any issues concerning your personal information, those complaints should be addressed to the Privacy Officer of ASPS (at the address referred to in Clause 1.2 of this Policy).
5.3 The Privacy Officer is empowered to deal with all such complaints as expeditiously as possible through ASPS’ complaints handling process.
6.  AMENDMENTS
6.1 We may amend our Privacy Policy from time-to-time. ASPS’ website contains an up-to-date copy of our Privacy Policy at all times.
Terms of Use
By using this website and in consideration of us providing you with access to this website, you agree to the following Terms of Use. We may change the Terms of Use without notice.
A version of the current Terms of Use will be available on this website as they are changed. By continuing to use this website you accept the Terms of Use as they apply from time to time.
Disclaimer
The Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) website provides general information about plastic surgery. General information is not a substitute for professional medical advice and treatment, and should not be accepted in place of or in preference to a consultation with a qualified surgeon. Any interaction with ASPS through the website, including emails to and from info@plasticsurgery.org.au do not replace a consultation with a qualified plastic surgeon. ASPS recommends you always obtain specific advice for your individual needs from a member of ASPS.
ASPS will not be liable in any way whatsoever (including for negligence) for any loss, damage (including incidental, special or consequential damages), costs or expenses suffered, arising out of, or in any way connected with the use of, or reliance on, this website, to the extent permitted by law.
All warranties and conditions (whether express or implied) are hereby excluded to the extent permitted by law. You may have rights under the Australian Consumer Law or other rights in relation to the supply of goods or services that cannot lawfully be excluded by ASPS (Nonexcludable Rights). To the extent permitted by law, ASPS’s liability in respect of any Nonexcludable Rights shall be limited, at ASPS’s option, to:
a) the replacement or repair (or the cost of replacement or repair) of the goods; or
b) the supply of the services again, or the payment of the cost of having them supplied again.
Links to third party websites
The ASPS website contains links to other websites. These links are made available for convenience only, and ASPS does not endorse the website, information, products or services available at linked websites. Users access linked websites at their own risk, and on the understanding they are leaving the ASPS website and ASPS has no liability whatsoever regarding the content or use of those websites.
Trade Marks
The trade marks, services marks and logos (Trade Marks) used in this website are registered or unregistered Trade Marks of ASPS or its licensors. You may not use, copy, reproduce, adapt or transmit any Trade Mark in any form without ASPS’s prior written consent.
Copyright
You agree that this website and its associated selection, layout and design are the property of ASPS. No part of this website may be copied, reproduced, adapted or transmitted in any form by any process without ASPS’s prior written consent.
Privacy
Any personal information ASPS collects through this website will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy
Submitting material
You may submit material (including abstracts and scientific information) (Material) for review by Plastic Surgery Congress (PSC). In submitting the Material you grant PSC, and any other person to which PSC provides the Material, a non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, copy, add to, modify and communicate the Material for the purpose for which you submitted it, or any related purpose.
Conference bookings
You may register to attend conferences, seminars and events through a link on this website. The link will take you to a third party website where you may register and pay for your attendance. Once you have left this site and entered the third party website, you will be bound by and must comply with any terms and conditions of the third party provider. PSC will not be a party to the transaction, other than to process financial transactions via the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons Inc. payment gateway.
PSC may ask you to provide details or require you to confirm your details to enable PSC to process any registration placed through this website. You agree to provide PSC with current, complete and accurate details when asked to do so by this website.
Once you have registered, cancellations will only be processed in accordance with the “Registration Cancellation Policy”.
PSC may cancel any registration without any liability to you for that cancellation at any time if the conference, seminar or event is cancelled and no longer available. In the event of cancellation, PSC will provide you with a refund of any registration fees paid.
PSC will charge you, and you agree to pay, the price shown when registering. All fees and charges and all prices for registration include GST (as defined by New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth)) where applicable.
You must pay the fees and charges online when you register.
PSC accepts the following methods of payment:
(a) Visa;
(b) Mastercard;
(c) American Express.
If PSC is unable to successfully process your credit card payment for your registration, then PSC may notify you of dishonour and cancel your registration.
You authorise PSC to debit the amount that is payable for an accepted order from your nominated credit card if you use a credit card to pay for the fees and charges.
You must not pay, or attempt to pay, for registration through any fraudulent or unlawful means.
Use of the website
You agree to use the website solely for the purpose of reviewing general information.
You agree that you will not (either yourself or through any third party):
a) use any robot, spider, screen scraper, data aggregation tool or other automatic device or process (Automated Process) to process, monitor, copy or extract any web pages on the website, or any of the information, content or data contained within or accessible through the website, without the prior written permission of ASPS;
b) use any Automated Process to aggregate or combine information, content or data contained within or accessible through the website with information, content or data accessible via or sourced from any third party;
c) use any information on or accessed through the website for any commercial purpose or otherwise (either directly or indirectly) for profit or gain;
d) use any device, software (including but not limited to introducing a virus, a worm or other malicious code), process or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website or any transaction or process being conducted on or through it;
e) take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of or bandwidth connecting to the website;
f) reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to discover source code or other arithmetical formulae or processes in respect of the software underlying the infrastructure and processes associated with the website;
g) copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works of, or publicly display, any part of or any content from the website without the prior written permission of ASPS; or
h) use the website for any other unlawful purpose or activity.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by the law in force in New South Wales, Australia.
You irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia and all courts of appeal from them, for determining any dispute concerning these terms and conditions.
Further Information
If you have any queries or would like further information about our website’s terms of use, please contact us at info@plasticsurgery.org.au.
Last updated 24 May 2018
Featured Stories
View more
Media
Choosing a surgeon for cosmetic surgery
Choosing a surgeon for cosmetic surgery Not only does cosmetic…
Continue reading
Event
21 November 2020
World Rhinoplasty Day
SAVE THE DATE! Don't miss out on the opportunity to…
Register
Video
Namrata Anavekar – Why Did You Want to Become a Plastic Surgeon?
See more
×
View more
Further Information
About Specialist Plastic Surgeons
What Does Specialist Plastic Surgeon Mean?
What does Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons (FRACS) mean?
Who is a member of the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons Inc?
Members of Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons
What is the Surgical Education and Training (SET) Program?
Understanding Your Procedure
Does my surgeon perform my procedure on a regular basis?
What are the possible risks and complications of my procedure?
Are there any special techniques relating to my procedure?
Will the surgery be performed in an accredited facility?
Will a qualified Anaesthetist administer the medication?
Questions For Your Surgeon
Do you have a consent form outlining the procedure for me?
How do I know if my procedure is considered invasive?
Will there be any discomfort following the procedure?
How do I manage any discomfort from the procedure? Will I need time off work?
Will I need time off work?
Are there other post-operative side effects?
Will there be any visible scarring following the procedure?
How can I minimise any scarring?
Procedure Fee Questions
What do my fees cover?
What aftercare will be provided? Will aftercare be provided in the costs?
Do I have any options other than surgery?
Will Medicare Cover my Procedure?
About Specialist Plastic Surgeons
What Does Specialist Plastic Surgeon Mean?
What does Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons (FRACS) mean?
Who is a member of the Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons Inc?
Members of Australian Society of Plastic Surgeons
What is the Surgical Education and Training (SET) Program?
Understanding Your Procedure
Does my surgeon perform my procedure on a regular basis?
What are the possible risks and complications of my procedure?
Are there any special techniques relating to my procedure?
Will the surgery be performed in an accredited facility?
Will a qualified Anaesthetist administer the medication?
Questions For Your Surgeon
Do you have a consent form outlining the procedure for me?
How do I know if my procedure is considered invasive?
Will there be any discomfort following the procedure?
How do I manage any discomfort from the procedure? Will I need time off work?
Will I need time off work?
Are there other post-operative side effects?
Will there be any visible scarring following the procedure?
How can I minimise any scarring?
Procedure Fee Questions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use