https://pmru.org/pmr-privacy-policy/
Home
About PMR
What is PMR?
Our Mission
Team Structure
Board Members
Member Photo Gallery
Get Involved
Applications
FAQ’s
Safety
Safe Climbing & PLB’s
Beacons Explained
Climbing Season Tips
Mountain Safety Videos
Request a Safety Presentation
Resources
Search and Rescue Links
Climbing Links
Snow Sports
Weather & Avalanche Links
Contact Us
Contribute
How to Contribute
Our Sponsors
Portland Mountain Rescue (PMR) respects the privacy of all visitors to our website.
“Cookies” (user activity tracking devices) are NOT used with our website and only limited visitor usage statistics, called “page hits”, are compiled.
These high-level usage statistics are used by PMR members for the express purpose of understanding traffic activity on our website.
Personal information, such as your e-mail address, is NOT compiled without the visitor first being asked to provide that data.
Personal information, if provided by a visitor, is NOT distributed to third-parties without the express permission of that visitor.
PMR does not distribute personal information to advertisers.
Though our website contains multiple hyperlinks to third-party websites, we have no control over their privacy policies or their use of personal information.
We encourage you to view the privacy policy – if any – for each website you visit, including those linked to our site.
Top of PageStay In Touch
Address
Portland Mtn Rescue
P.O. Box 5391
Portland, Oregon 97228
Phone
In an EMERGENCY immediately call 911
After you hang up, save your cell phone battery and keep your phone available for further contact with rescue personnel.
503-222-PMRU (7678)
E-mail
info@pmru.org
CONTRIBUTE
Member Services
Members Login Here
The PMR logo is a Servicemark of Portland Mountain Rescue.
The Mountain Rescue logo is a Trademark of the Mountain Rescue Association and is used here with permission.
Photographs courtesy of Matt Weaver.
View PMR's Privacy Policy
. All rights reserved. Website by Mosaik WebCopyright © 2020 · PMR Custom Theme based on Executive Pro on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok