https://podiatryarena.com/index.php?help/privacypolicy/
Podiatry Arena
Home
Help
>
Welcome to the Podiatry Arena forums
You are currently viewing our podiatry forum as a guest which gives you limited access to view all podiatry discussions and access our other features. By joining our free global community of Podiatrists and other interested foot health care professionals you will have access to post podiatry topics (answer and ask questions), communicate privately with other members, upload content, view attachments, receive a weekly email update of new discussions, access other special features. Registered users do not get displayed the advertisements in posted messages. Registration is fast, simple and absolutely free so please, join our global Podiatry community today!
Register
Log in
Everything that you are ever going to want to know about running shoes: Running Shoes Boot Camp Online, for taking it to the next level? See here for more.
Dismiss Notice
Have you considered the Critical Thinking and Skeptical Boot Camp, for taking it to the next level? See here for more.
Dismiss Notice
Have you considered the Clinical Biomechanics Boot Camp Online, for taking it to the next level? See here for more.
Dismiss Notice
Running Shoe Boot Camp
Critical Thinking and Skeptical Boot Camp
Clinical Biomechanics Boot Camp
Dismiss Notice
Have you considered the Clinical Biomechanics Boot Camp Online, for taking it to the next level? See here for more.
Dismiss Notice
Have you liked us on Facebook to get our updates? Please do. Click here for our Facebook page.
Dismiss Notice
Do you get the weekly newsletter that Podiatry Arena sends out to update everybody? If not, click here to organise this.
Privacy Policy
Help
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Privacy Policy
Terms and Rules
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
Advertising
Keystone
We are Podiatry Arena ("we", "our", "us"). Were committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Sign up now!
Sponsor
Sponsors:
Recent Topics
Wondering if it is worth going for the DPM offered by UWA
SLarkin replied Dec 11, 2020 at 5:48 AM
This day in .....
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 11:35 PM
Should We Abandon The Concept Of The Subtalar Neutral Joint Position?
dottiekat replied Dec 10, 2020 at 8:18 PM
Pes cavus & pronation??
Help with orthotics prescription please.
dottiekat replied Dec 10, 2020 at 7:55 PM
Injury in netball players
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 7:28 PM
Footwear choices made by older women
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 3:04 AM
Meta-analysis of shockwave therapy for plantar fasciitis
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 3:03 AM
Weak Toe Grip Strength Correlates with Hallux Valgus
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 3:01 AM
Foot injuries in collegiate sport
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 3:00 AM
New diabetic foot classification needed
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 2:58 AM
Ethnicity and running foot strike pattern
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 2:12 AM
Should runners change their foot strike pattern?
NewsBot replied Dec 10, 2020 at 2:10 AM
The New Foot Care Nurse... COMMENTS!
Linda Cassidy replied Dec 9, 2020 at 9:32 PM
Foot function and low back pain
Brian A. Rothbart replied Dec 9, 2020 at 10:49 AM
Compensations for Drop Foot
NewsBot replied Dec 9, 2020 at 9:18 AM
Concussion and the lower limb and as a public health issue
NewsBot replied Dec 9, 2020 at 7:23 AM
Short Foot Muscle Exercises and Foot Posture in Runners
NewsBot replied Dec 9, 2020 at 5:56 AM
Does Contact with a Podiatrist Prevent The Occurrence of a Lower Extremity Amputation in people with
NewsBot replied Dec 9, 2020 at 5:52 AM
Management of foot/ankle osteoarthritis
NewsBot replied Dec 9, 2020 at 5:48 AM
Another bl....y outcome measure for the foot
NewsBot replied Dec 9, 2020 at 5:46 AM
Loading...
Sponsors
Sponsors
Podiatry Arena
Home
Help
>