https://poisonhelp.org/help
¿Español?
I need help.
When someone has come into contact with a poison, this tool can give information about what to do.
Continue
Is more than one product, poison, or medication involved?
YesNo
What is the age of the person?
5 and Under6 to 1213 to 1920 to 6970 and Over
What happened?
Swallowed somethingBite/StingGot something on the skinSomething else
Is the person having any effects
from this product, poison or medication?
YesNo
Is the person a pregnant or breastfeeding woman?
YesNo
I agree to the
terms and conditions, and I am not trying to harm myself or others.
Go
If you need help now, call the Poison Help line at
1-800-222-1222
POSIONHELP.ORG TERMS AND CONDITIONS and PRIVACY POLICY
POSIONHELP.ORG TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Use of the Poisonhelp.org website (“Poisonhelp.org” or “Site”) is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of use:
General:
Poisonhelp.org is owned, and made available to you, by the American Association of Poison Control Centers (“AAPCC”).  AAPCC is a non-profit organization based in Alexandria, Virginia in the United States of America.  The Site, and any materials and information contained on the Site (“Site Content”), are wholly owned by AAPCC.
AAPCC may modify these Terms and Conditions at any time, and any such modifications shall be effective upon the posting of the modified Terms and Conditions on the Site. You agree to review these Terms and Conditions periodically to be aware of any changes. Your access and/or use of the Site constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as they appear on the Site at the time of your access.
Users:
Poisonhelp.org is intended only for users with questions and concerns about unintentional, accidental or incidental exposures to potential poisons or toxins.  It is not intended to advise on or encourage any intentional exposures.
Your access and/or use of the Site constitutes your agreement that your use is non-commercial, you will not enter false information or information that contains libelous or otherwise unlawful material, and you will not use the Site to harm yourself or another.
AAPCC makes no claims that the Site, or Site Content, may be accessed, copied or downloaded outside of the United States.  Access to the Site may not be permitted in certain countries. If you access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
Poisonhelp.org is intended for use by individuals 13 years of age or older. The Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Users under the age of 13 should obtain the assistance of a parent or guardian to use the Site or discontinue use of the Site immediately.
Termination of Use:
AAPCC reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of the Site at any time without prior notice.
AAPCC may, in its sole discretion, terminate your use of Poisonhelp.org at any time or for any reason including, but not limited to, violation of any of these Terms and Conditions.
Medical Disclaimer:
Poisonhelp.org Content is provided as a public service and for informational purposes only.  Use and reliance on any Site Content is solely at your own risk.
The Site Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.  All Site Content displayed in response to information that you provide is computer generated through analytic software and decision algorithms. As a result, no patient-physician relationship is established through your use of the Site and the Site does not provide diagnosis, medical care or other patient specific treatment advice.
Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health care provider if you have any questions regarding a medical condition.  Do not disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking advice or individualized attention because of information contained on Poisonhelp.org.
If you think you or another person are experiencing a medical emergency, or if someone collapses, has a seizure, acts irrationally, has trouble breathing, or cannot be awakened, call your doctor or 911 immediately. FURTHER, If for any reason you believe that an individual’s exposure to a poison or toxin is the result of an intention to harm themselves or another, please call 911 immediately.
Liability Disclaimers:
When using Poisonhelp.org, information will be transmitted over networks and systems that are beyond the control and jurisdiction of AAPCC. AAPCC assumes no liability for or relating to any delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Site. The AAPCC does not guarantee that the Site will be accessible at all times or free of technological difficulties. Potential difficulties include, but are not limited to, unavailability of information, load errors, downtime, or service disruptions.
AAPCC TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Without limiting the foregoing, AAPCC makes no representations, warranties or promises about THE ACCURACY, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the SITE OR SITE Content.
In no event shall AAPCC be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, personal injury or wrongful death) resulting from the use of or inability to use the Site, regardless of legal theory, and whether or not AAPCC is advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Site may provide links to other web sites that are not owned or controlled by AAPCC and AAPCC is not responsible for the content on, or operation or security of, any such sites.
Indemnification:
You expressly agree to defend, indemnify, and hold AAPCC, as well as its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers, harmless from or against any claims, actions, demands, losses, liabilities, or judgments, including costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of, or alleged to result from, your use of Poisonhelp.org or your violation of these Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual Property:
The marks “Poisonhelp.org” and “Poisonhelp” are trademarks and service marks of the AAPCC. The Site Content and design of the Site are protected by copyright laws. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, display, or transmit any of these materials without AAPCC’s prior written consent.
You may view, download, display and/or print a copy of the materials on the Site solely for personal, noncommercial use, so long as you do not alter or modify the Content in any way, you include all applicable notices and disclaimers (including copyright notices), and you do not use the materials in a way that suggests you are associated with AAPCC. Title to the Site Content remains with the AAPCC and does not pass to you or any other user of the Site.
If you believe any materials accessible on Site infringe a copyright you hold, you may request that the materials be removed from this web site by contacting AAPCC, using the following contact information:
American Association of Poison Control Centers
515 King Street, Suite 510
Alexandria, Virginia 22314
info@aapcc.org
Jurisdiction
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with AAPCC, in any way relating to your use of Poisonhelp.org or Poisonhelp.org Content, resides in the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia. You further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving the AAPCC or its affiliates, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Privacy Policy:
The Posionhelp.org Privacy Policy is fully incorporated into these Terms and Conditions. The Site Privacy Policy is subject to change.  Please review the Privacy Policy before using the Site.  Your access and/or use of the Site constitutes acceptance of the Site Privacy Policy as it appears on the Site at the time of your access.
POISONHELP.ORG PRIVACY POLICY
The American Association of Poison Control Centers (“AAPCC”), a non-profit organization based in Alexandria, Virginia, takes user privacy seriously.  This Privacy Policy outlines the information collected from users of Poisonhelp.org (“Poisonhelp.org” or “Site”) and how that information is used, shared, and protected by the AAPCC.  In addition to this Privacy Policy, users of the Site should review Poisonhelp.org’s Terms and Conditions, for any additional terms or conditions that may apply.
Information Collected:
The AAPCC does not collect personally identifiable information from users of Poisonhelp.org without user permission. We do not require users to register or provide information to us to use the Site.  AAPCC only collects personally identifiable information through the Site, such as names, addresses, Zip or postal codes, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a user.  Once collected, we may combine information submitted with other information from external sources.
The Site automatically collects the Internet Protocol (IP) address of computers that access the site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to a computer when it is used to access the Internet.  IP addresses are used by the AAPCC to determine a user’s zip code and state code; once we have this location information the IP address is deleted. IP addresses may also be collected by the Site’s web hosting platform, Amazon Web Services, for purposes of threat detection and to ensure user access to the Site.  Please see Amazon Web Service’s website for additional information concerning their use of IP address information.
In addition, the Site also collects information concerning users’ browsing history on the site, and any information inputted by users into the Site. This information is coupled with a user’s zip code and state code (collectively the “Case”) and is regularly uploaded to the National Poison Data System (“NPDS”).  The Case does not include personally identifiable user information.
The Site also uses “Cookies” to collect non-personal information about users’ use of Poisonhelp.org. “Cookies” are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer used to view a web site. Every computer that accesses the Site is assigned a different “Cookie” by the Site. “Cookies” are used for several reasons including customization of user experience on the Site, tracking a user’s click path through Poisonhelp.org, and determining whether a computer has been used previously to visit the Site.
Most browser software can be set to reject “Cookies” and offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject “Cookies” in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If a user rejects our Cookies, certain functions on Poisonhelp.org may not work properly, but a user does not have to accept our “Cookies” to use the Site.
Any personally identifiable information users voluntarily provide is used by AAPCC for general business purposes and for the purposes for which you provided the information.  General business purposes may include, for example, providing our programs, marketing, promotions, and fundraising activities and communications.  Purposes for which users provide information may include our use of a user’s personally identifiable information to contact the user regarding our services, provide the user with information requested, or process donations.  We do not request or store social security numbers from users.  Any financial information voluntarily provided, for example, to make a donation, is collected securely and is discarded after processing (in the case of recurring gifts, after processing of the last such gift).
AAPCC may e-mail you with commercial e-mails pertaining to AAPCC or AAPCC-approved third parties.  You may opt-out of receiving communications from AAPCC and AAPCC-approved third parties and request deletion from our contact databases by sending an email to us at info@aapcc.org.
Information Shared:
We do not sell the personally identifiable information you provide to us to third parties.  We may share personally identifiable information with third-parties: (i) when the person providing the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) when the information is shared with a service provider in furtherance of our operations or operations of the Site, for example to process a donation that you make, (iii) to comply with legal processes such as a subpoena or court order or to otherwise protect your or our legal rights; or (iv) for other purposes for which you provided the information.  AAPCC has no control over or responsibility for the data collection or use practices of third parties that process online transactions.  If, for example, you make a donation to us using PayPal or a similar third-party payment provider, information necessary for processing the transaction is transmitted to the payment provider and is subject to that third party’s own privacy policy. We otherwise do not share any personally identifiable information we receive from a user with any parties outside of the AAPCC.
The AAPCC owns all information and data uploaded to the NPDS from Poisonhelp.org.  The AAPCC retains the right to sell and/or disclose NPDS information and data at its discretion.
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about visitors to the Site, Site traffic patterns and related information. This data reflects site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month, but does not contain personally identifiable user information.
The AAPCC may also share aggregated information concerning users’ zip codes and state codes with Member Poison Control Centers (“Member Centers”) affiliated with the AAPCC. The information provided to the Member Centers is general in nature, and at no time will we disclose personally identifiable information to Member Centers. Member Centers also have regular access to the NPDS and can view user Case files. Users who contact a Member Center through the AAPCC’s 1-800 number may be asked to provide various information during their call.  This policy does not apply to information requested by and/or collected by Member Centers.  Users should consult with Member Centers concerning Member Center policies governing privacy.
Except as noted above the AAPCC does not provide any third party with user IP addresses, or information derived from user IP addresses.
Email Communications and Related Services:
Email communications that users send to us via the email links on our site may be shared with employees or agents of the AAPCC in order to address user inquiries. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received. Once we have responded to a user’s communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the nature of the inquiry.
The AAPCC cannot guarantee that emails submitted by users through the Site will be completely secure or confidential. Although unlikely, it is possible that email communications may be accessed or viewed by another party while in transit to us. We strongly encourage users to keep this in mind when submitting email and to avoid including sensitive or confidential information in email submitted through the Site.
We will retain information collected by and/or submitted to the Site for as long as needed to provide services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and manage our operations.
Do Not Track:
Poisonhelp.org does not track users over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore the Site does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Protecting User Privacy:
The AAPCC uses reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. The AAPCC, however, cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information users transmit to us, and users do so at their own risk. We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information that users may provide. Users should understand, however, that electronic transmissions are vulnerable to interception or unauthorized access, and so we cannot guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions.
Children's Privacy:
The AAPCC is committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children. As noted in the Terms and Conditions, the Site is intended for use only by individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Links To Other Websites:
Poisonhelp.org may contain links to other AAPCC affiliated websites and third party websites (“linked sites”) for users’ convenience and information. Linked sites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest users review should they visit any linked sites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with AAPCC, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.
Privacy Policy Updates:
The AAPCC reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted to Poisoncontrol.org unless we advise otherwise. Users are encouraged to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices.  Use of the Site constitutes acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. We ask that users cease using the Site immediately if they do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information:
For any questions concerning this Privacy Policy please contact:
American Association of Poison Control Centers
515 King Street, Suite 510
Alexandria, Virginia 22314
info@aapcc.org
This Policy is effective April 8, 2016.  This policy was last updated in April 2016.
If you are thinking about harming yourself, please call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-8255.
When you call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline, you will reach the crisis center in the Lifeline network closest to your location. After you call, you will hear a message saying you have reached the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. You will hear hold music while your call is being routed. You will be helped by a skilled, trained crisis worker who will listen to your problems and will tell you about mental health services in your area. Your call is confidential and free.
If an individual has collapsed, had a seizure, has trouble breathing, or can’t be awakened, call 911 immediately.
En caso de emergencia o para preguntas, por favor llamenos al 1-800-222-1222.
Nuestros especialistas professionals les brindan este servicio gratuito y confidencial, 24 horas al dia, 7 dias a la semana.
PoisonHelp.org
Donate
Contact
About
Home