https://portage.ca/en/terms-of-use-privacy-policy-and-terms-applicable-to-online-donations-portage-ca/
Terms of Use
Welcome to Portage Website (hereinafter "the Website")
By accessing this Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use set out below and you are requested to read said terms and conditions beforehand. If you disagree, please leave the Website now and do not access any other page. The Portage Program for Drug Dependencies Inc., (hereinafter "Portage") reserves the right to modify, at its sole discretion and without notice, conditions of use of the Website and any information contained therein. The date of update will ensure that you have read this last version since your last visit.
The Website is owned by Portage. This Website and its contents are subject to the legislation on copyrights and trademarks, whichever is appropriate. Unless expressly authorised in writing by Portage, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way the content and updates of the Website, including codes and software. It is forbidden to attempt to access the source code of the Website. You may download materials from this Website for personal, non-commercial and non-professional use only, and provided that you do not modify trademark, copyright and other ownership notices. It is strictly forbidden to use the trademarks and trade names contained in this Website other than as authorised by these Terms of Use or authorised in writing by Portage.
Disclaimer
The Website may provide links and pointers to Internet sites of third parties, partners, advertisers, or this Website may be found on the websites of third parties. Neither Portage, nor its subsidiaries or their respective affiliates, operate or control, in any way whatsoever, the information, products or services offered by sites of such third parties. The inclusion of a link or address of any site does not mean that Portage supports directly or indirectly that site. The contents of said site and third party sites are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
Given the risk of their use or interpretation out of context, of which Portage has no control, Portage makes no warranties regarding the accuracy, comprehensiveness, relevance or update of documents and information contained on this Website, or on the absence of viruses or any other harmful programs on this Website, on the servers providing access, as well as on any other site to which any link contained in this Website provides access.
Therefore, Portage declines any direct or indirect responsibility resulting from the use of this Website. Portage, its associates, agents, subcontractors, representatives, mandataries or employees shall, under no circumstances, be liable for any loss, costs or damages whatsoever arising from the use of this Website.
In addition, the user acknowledges and agrees to indemnify and hold Portage, its associates, agents, subcontractors, representatives, mandataries or employees absolutely harmless from any claim arising directly or indirectly from, or in any way connected to, the use of any documents or information contained on this Website, and any documents or information which a hyperlink on this Website provides access to, or any decision based on such documents or information.
Privacy
Portage is committed to ensuring the security and confidentiality of personal information in accordance with the laws of Quebec and Canada, applicable therein. Portage does not sell, publish, or disclose any personal information to third parties, unless required by law or authorised by the person to whom this personal information pertains.
However, Portage cannot guarantee or warrant the confidentiality of communications sent by electronic mail, or through its Website, that could be intercepted in any manner whatsoever by third parties.
As is the case with most website cookies, the user of this Website acknowledges and agrees that such cookies allow the Portage server to recognise his computer when  visiting this Website, but without correlation to any personal information. The user has the responsibility to configure his computer to block such cookies.
Link to this Website
Portage allows you to establish any link with the pages of this Website, subject to all other provisions of said Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Use of your email address
The newsletter is distributed electronically and delivered directly to your inbox. When you choose to receive the newsletter, you agree to receive emails containing information related to Portage activities. Your email address will not be provided to third parties and will be used solely for the purposes stated in this paragraph. If you wish to stop receiving these newsletters, simply click on the link to unsubscribe, which can be found at the end of each newsletter.
Terms applicable to online donations
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE MAKING AN ONLINE DONATION.
Security is ensured when you make an online donation to Portage.
Personal information and credit card information that is entered on the site is transmitted electronically in a format that cannot be intercepted, altered, or decoded by a third party, because it is encrypted in order to ensure confidentiality.
Portage complies with SSL encryption standards governing the secure transmission of transaction information. Payment is made directly through Desjardins.
Portage does not store credit information on any transaction. Therefore, online donors must submit their credit card information with every new transaction.
By using the Portage Website, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the present terms. If you do not wish to be bound by these terms, you are not permitted to make a donation using the Website.
Security of transactions
Portage employs security measures to protect users from the loss or unauthorised use of information pertaining to them that is under the control of the Website, specifically including information related to credit cards. The Website servers use 128-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layers) information transmission technology, which makes data transmission very secure. When you visit the page where you will enter your credit card information, the Website will redirect you to a site operated by our supplier, Desjardins. The URL for this site begins with the prefix "https", which indicates that the information is secured by means of encryption.
During a transaction, information such as your credit card number and expiry date are sent to Desjardins for authorisation purposes using 128-bit SSL encryption. It is important to note that no information related to credit cards is stored on our Website servers. The Portage Website does not place permanent cookies on the user's hard drive. If you are concerned about confidentiality in connection with the use of your credit card over the Internet, contact Portage at 514.939.0202, extension 123.
Payment method
Payment by credit card is the only method of payment that can be used to make online donations on the Website. Only the credit card holder is permitted to make an online donation. The following cards are accepted:
Visa
MasterCard
Refunds
Online donations are not refundable.
For questions concerning online donations, please contact Portage Monday to Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (EST) by phone, at 514.939.0202, extension 123; by fax, at 514.939.3929; or by e-mail, at fondation@portage.ca.
Applicable Laws
The user acknowledges and accepts that this Website is governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec (Canada) and by the laws of Canada applicable to the province of Quebec. You hereby agree that any dispute or litigation regarding this Website is to be submitted to a competent court of the judicial District of Montreal (Quebec).
For additional information regarding this Website, please contact Portage at the following address: 865 Richmond Square, Montreal (Quebec) Canada H3J 1V8.
Date modified – 2011-09-19
Stars who wear wigs?Beautyforever hairis specialized in the design and supply of 100% remy hair www.luxywigs.com wigincluding brazilian long human hair wig, malaysian short bob human hair wigs, peruvian curly wigs, full lace human hair wig, lace front human hair wig and etc.
WHY PORTAGE
Approach
Testimonials
PORTAGE ATLANTIC
Foundation
PORTAGE QUÉBEC
Adolescents
Adults
Mother & Child
Mental Illness
Employment Reintegration
Foundation
PORTAGE ONTARIO
Adolescents
Foundation
ABOUT PORTAGE
Governance
Team
Careers
Media Centre
Portage Blog
Contact Us
×