http://positiveyouth.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
(opens in new tab)
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Facebook page
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Instagram page
(opens in new tab)
Open CHCA Twitter page
(opens in new tab)
Share
Home
Programs & Services Positive Youth Outreach (PYO)
Positive Youth Outreach (PYO)
PYO provides opportunities for young people living with and affected by HIV to meet and learn with their peers. We also provide outreach and education about HIV, STIs, Hep C and sexual health to young people.
Programs and Services
Buddy Program
Community Health Forums
Condom Distribution
Counselling
Employment ACTion
Groups
Income Tax Clinic
Insurance Benefits Clinic
Intakes and Referrals
Lunch Programs
Outreach and Community Education
Positive Youth Outreach (PYO)
Social Support Network
Totally outRIGHT Toronto
Women's Support Programs
Group Programs
Young People
Women's Support Groups
Donate to ACT
Positive Youth Outreach
Welcome to PYO – a program for young people living with and affected by HIV led by young people living with HIV. Our goal is to help you obtain a happier, healthier life where you're engaged and active with your peers and community.
We focus discussion groups on a wide range of topics. Here's just a sample:
healthy relationships
HIV disclosure
finding the right medications and health professionals for you
we even have drop-in sessions to talk about stuff you're passionate about, stuff that irks you or just what's on your mind that day. It's a social group!
Our goal is to empower you to make your own informed choices. The world isn't black or white, so let's talk about the shades of grey in between.
Get in touch!
Email: pyo@actoronto.org (We want to protect your privacy - so let us know the rules for replying to your email messages).
Call: 416-340-8484 ext. 265.
If leaving a message, please let us know how and when we should contact you. We will always try to be as discreet as possible when getting back to you.
In-person: Drop by 543 Yonge Street on the 4th floor during PYO’s office hours to get information or connect in person. If we are not available to see you right away when you come, an appointment will be arranged.
Facebook: Find us at PYO Coordinator
Instagram: @PYO_Coordinator
All the ways PYO is here to help you:
Weekly Social Support
Every Thursday, on the 4th floor at 543 Yonge Street from 5 – 8 p.m. to young people living with HIV to gather for social support activities.
Weekly Discussion Group
Every Thursday from 6 – 8 p.m., open to young people living with HIV for a structured peer discussion support group.
Community Learning Series
External workshops are held in community settings for young people living with, affected by, at risk for, or concerned about HIV, Hep C or other STIs.
Employment Supports
Employment ACTion, an ACT program, helps people living with HIV find the career that suits your needs. Find our more at their website, employmentaction.org.
Peer Support
We offer peer support by appointment and on a drop-in basis.
Resources and Referrals
We help connect young people living with HIV to other services both at ACT and at other community agencies and services.
Leadership Development
We provide opportunities that build leadership skills among young people living with HIV.
Community Outreach
We provide information on HIV, Hep C, and other STIs as well as sexual health to young people. We go to places where young people hang out in the community!