https://pregnancycare.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement - CareNet of Central Texas
Privacy Statement - CareNet of Central Texas
(254) 772-6175
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
Home
About Us
Guesthouse
Issues
Considering Abortion?
Emergency Contraception
Abortion Procedures
Pregnancy
Sexual Health
Post Abortion Recovery
Just for Men
Services
Guesthouse
Contact
Request an Appointment
Support
Get Involved
Programs
Classes
Events
Newsletter
Contact
Donate
Select Page
Privacy Statement
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas does not read any of your private online communications.
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas and Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas collects and uses your personal information to operate the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas and its affiliates. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas, in order to determine what Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas pages, or register with Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas site or services, a cookie helps Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Care Net Pregnancy Resource Center of Central Texas at dnnadmin@redfontmarketing.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Site created and maintained by redFONT Marketing Group
Medical Services
1818 Columbus Avenue
Waco, TX 76701
Phone:  (254) 772-6175
Administrative Services
800 West Waco Drive
Waco, TX 76701
Phone:  (254) 772-8270
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Facebook
Twitter
Care Net Pregnancy Center of Central Texas - All Rights Reserved 2020 - Powered by redFONT Marketing Group