https://prenate.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
The Prenate® Family
Find Your Perfect Prenate®
Prenate® Comparisons
Prenate Mini®
Prenate Pixie®
Prenate® Enhance
Prenate® Restore
Prenate Chewable®
Prenate Elite®
Prenate Essential®
Prenate DHA®
Key Ingredients
Folic Acid
DHA & EPA
Iron
Calcium
Vitamin D
Patients
Patient Savings
Healthcare Professionals
Full Prescribing Information
Pharmacy Ordering Info
Tools and Resources
Prenate® Buzz
Patient Feedback
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Last update: April 20, 2020
We at Avion Pharmaceuticals, LLC, along with our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Avion”), respect your concerns about privacy. Avion operates one or more websites (collectively, the “Avion Websites”), including www.avionrx.com, www.prenate.com, and www.gloperba.com.
This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we collect about consumers, how we collect and may use that information, and with whom we share it. It also describes the measures we take to protect your personal information. This Privacy Notice describes Avion’s policies and procedures and is not a contract between you and Avion that creates any rights or obligations.
Information We Obtain
The types of information we may obtain about consumers include:
Information that consumers provide to Avion that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Avion, such as user names and email addresses for those who sign up for a newsletter or other resources
Financial information necessary to complete certain transactions
Other personal information you may provide to us to obtain an Avion service or product
In addition, when you visit our websites, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies or web beacons, which may include Internet Protocol addresses, unique device identifiers, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating systems, language preferences, referring URL’s, information on actions taken, and dates and times of activity.
We may also obtain information about you from our resellers or other third-party partners or acquire information from public sources or from third-party sources, such as our advertising and market research partners.
How We Use the Information We Obtain
Avion collects consumer information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the consumer’s interaction with Avion. Avion does not use or disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
We may use the information for the following purposes:
Send you news, updates, promotions, product information, event announcements, and other marketing communications.
Disclose logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left
Release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate
Collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites, such as monitoring popular blogs (but note that while Avion may display this information publicly or provide it to others, Avion does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described herein)
Provide potentially personally-identifying information that Avion employees, contractors, and affiliated organization need to know in order to process it on Avion’s behalf or to provide services available at Avion’s websites. Such information is only provided to those that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Additionally, Avion uses cookies to help Avion identify and track visitors, thier usage of the Avion Websites, and their website access preferences. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Avion visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Avion Websites.
If you are a registered user of one or more Avion Websites and have supplied your email address, you agree that in addition to any Resources you may have solicited or requested, Avion may further send you an email to provide you with information, to inform you of new products, to solicit your feedback, or to keep you up to date on Avion and its products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Information We Share With Others
Avion does not sell personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Avion will disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, in response to an investigation, under process of law or when Avion believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect Avion’s rights and interests, third parties, or the public at large.
However, in the event (i) Avion engages in one more asset sales or purchases, (ii) Avion is acquired, (iii) Avion engages in one or more business combinations, mergers or acquisitions, (iv) substantially all of Avion’s assets are acquired, or (v) Avion is subject to an event bankruptcy, certain personally-identifying information such as user information may be deemed an asset of Avion and may subject to assignment, transfer and/or acquisition by a third party.
Advertising
On our websites, we may use cookies to collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services that are tailored to your individual interests. Advertisements appearing on any of the Avion websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Avion and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
How We Safeguard Your Personal Information
Avion takes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying information.
Your Options
You have certain choices about how we communicate with you and what information we collect from you. You may choose not to receive marketing email communications from Avion by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in our advertising emails.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, or if you are a California resident and would like to ask us to refrain from sharing your personal information with certain of our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing purposes, or to submit an data access or data deletion request, please contact us at:
Email: legal@acellapharma.com
Policy Changes
Avion may change this Policy from time to time and at any time, without notice, within the sole, independent, absolute and uncontrolled exercise of its discretion. Avion encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
WARNING: Accidental overdose of iron-containing products is a leading cause of fatal poisoning in children under 6. Keep this product out of reach of children. In case of accidental overdose, call a doctor or poison control center immediately.
WARNING: Ingestion of more than 3 grams of omega-3 fatty acids (such as DHA) per day has been shown to have potential antithrombotic effects, including an increased bleeding time and International Normalized Ratio (INR). Administration of omega-3 fatty acids should be avoided in patients taking anticoagulants and in those known to have an inherited or acquired predisposition to bleeding.
This site and its contents are an information resource only, and are neither intended to nor should be used in replacement of your doctor or other prescribing professional’s medical guidance, recommendations or advice. Neither this site nor its information should be used or relied upon for any diagnostic, medical, treatment, nutritional or other purpose. All aspects of pregnancy, including whether pregnancy is right for you, and the nourishment and care of your child, should be made with your doctor and other appropriate medical professional, and in consideration of your and your child’s particular medical history. Avion Pharmaceuticals, LLC (“Avion”) makes no representation, warranty or other undertaking that this site or its information are appropriate for you or your child’s specific needs or issues, and further expressly disclaims all damages, losses, injuries or liability whatsoever incurred or alleged to have been incurred in consequence of your reliance on the information on this site. Avion does not endorse any test, procedure, treatment, remedy, therapy, cure, nutritional regimen, method or other activity or undertaking that you and/or your doctor or other medical professional may elect or recommend. By visiting this site you agree to these terms and conditions and acknowledge that you have read and understand the same. These terms and conditions, together with any information on this site, may be amended, restated or otherwise changed from time to time and at any time by Avion within the sole, absolute and uncontrolled exercise of its discretion. You acknowledge and agree that Avion has no duty or obligation to keep you informed of any amendments to, restatements of or other changes to these terms and conditions or this site, and that you are solely and exclusively responsible for apprising yourself of the same.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
WARNING: Accidental overdose of iron-containing products is a leading cause of fatal poisoning in children under 6. Keep this product out of reach of children. In case of accidental overdose, call a doctor or poison control center immediately.
WARNING: Ingestion of more than 3 grams of omega-3 fatty acids (such as DHA) per day has been shown to have potential antithrombotic effects, including an increased bleeding time and International Normalized Ratio (INR). Administration of omega-3 fatty acids should be avoided in patients taking anticoagulants and in those known to have an inherited or acquired predisposition to bleeding.
This site and its contents are an information resource only, and are neither intended to nor should be used in replacement of your doctor or other prescribing professional’s medical guidance, recommendations or advice. Neither this site nor its information should be used or relied upon for any diagnostic, medical, treatment, nutritional or other purpose. All aspects of pregnancy, including whether pregnancy is right for you, and the nourishment and care of your child, should be made with your doctor and other appropriate medical professional, and in consideration of your and your child’s particular medical history. Avion Pharmaceuticals, LLC (“Avion”) makes no representation, warranty or other undertaking that this site or its information are appropriate for you or your child’s specific needs or issues, and further expressly disclaims all damages, losses, injuries or liability whatsoever incurred or alleged to have been incurred in consequence of your reliance on the information on this site. Avion does not endorse any test, procedure, treatment, remedy, therapy, cure, nutritional regimen, method or other activity or undertaking that you and/or your doctor or other medical professional may elect or recommend. By visiting this site you agree to these terms and conditions and acknowledge that you have read and understand the same. These terms and conditions, together with any information on this site, may be amended, restated or otherwise changed from time to time and at any time by Avion within the sole, absolute and uncontrolled exercise of its discretion. You acknowledge and agree that Avion has no duty or obligation to keep you informed of any amendments to, restatements of or other changes to these terms and conditions or this site, and that you are solely and exclusively responsible for apprising yourself of the same.
Pin It on Pinterest