http://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=0a0fd821-0cd2-443b-99ea-9e96f2ccbee9
TRUSTe
Powered by TrustArc
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA
This company is currently a participant in TRUSTe's APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) Certification program.
The TRUSTe APEC Privacy Certification applies to: Customer, Employee and Other Data collected online and offline including mobile applications from Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ. USA, which operates as MSD outside of the USA and Canada, and its Subsidiaries as listed here. Form 10-K as filed with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on a forward going basis, subsequent Annual Reports Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Other data flows include data collected through: Clinical and other scientific research study subjects, Clinical investigators and other scientists and staff, Scientific and ethics committee members, Health care professionals (including those involved in veterinary practice) who prescribe, or purchase our products, Health care professionals who serve as scientific leaders in various medical or veterinary therapeutic areas. Other industry experts and thought leaders, Former employees, Contractors and contingent workers, Actual and prospective service providers and business partners, Consultants, Investors and shareholders, Suppliers and vendors, Customers, or Government officials.
Review Standards »
Submit Privacy Feedback
What the TRUSTe APEC Privacy seal means:
Companies who display the TRUSTe APEC Privacy seal have demonstrated that their privacy programs, policies and practices meet the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules Program Requirements.
TRUSTe monitors ongoing compliance through annual recertifications and complaints received through the Privacy Feedback mechanism.
All companies that display this seal are solely responsible for their own privacy practices and for promptly notifying TRUSTe of any changes that might affect their certification status.
TRUSTe is responsible only for the privacy practices applicable to it as expressly described in the privacy policy for the TrustArc group of companies and is not responsible for the privacy practices of any other company.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Condition
AdChoices