http://privacy.loffs.com/
Leap of Faith
Financial Services Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January
14, 2020
Applicable to all websites
owned and/or operated by Leap
of Faith Financial Services Inc. (“Leap”, “we”, “us” or
“our”)
We own and/or operate a network
of websites, including math.com and school.com. Your privacy is important to
us. We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy
when you use our websites.
This Privacy Policy outlines
how Leap collects, uses and discloses your personal information gathered about
you, in conformance with its applicable privacy law obligations.
This Privacy Policy applies to
information we collect, use or disclose when you:
·
use any of our websites;
·
submit personal information to Leap, including
on a voluntary basis;
·
authorize us to obtain personal information from
other sources, and
·
interact with us in any other way (by telephone,
email, fax, mail, and in person).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY
POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITES OR PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION.
What is personal information?
Personal information is any information,
whether factual or subjective, about an identifiable person. This includes
information such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
This Privacy Policy is not
intended to cover information other than personal information, such as business
or anonymous information.
Your consent
Leap will obtain your consent
(through this Privacy Policy or other means) to collect, use and/or disclose
personal information except where we are authorized or required by law to do so
without consent. From time to time, we may wish to use or disclose your
personal information for new or additional purposes. We will obtain your
consent to use or share your personal information for such new or additional
purposes before doing so.
How we collect and use your information
Leap will inform you of the
purposes for which we collect, use and share personal information before or at
the time the information is collected. In addition to the purposes identified
below, we may inform you of other purposes from time to time, either in writing
or orally.
Leap will not collect or use information
indiscriminately and will limit collection of information to that which is
reasonable and necessary for the purposes it was collected or as authorized by
law.
We may process your IP address
when you visit our websites. We may process webserver logs and IP addresses for
the purpose of diagnosing problems with our servers, security purposes, and detecting
abusive behaviour. We may also log the IP address if users fill out our contact
forms, for the purpose of preventing abusive behaviour. For example, if a
malevolent user sends abusive and/or illegal messages to us, we can then take
steps to block that IP address and/or forward that information to relevant law
enforcement agencies.
Our Contact Form require
users to provide us with the following contact information along with their
message: (1) name, (2) email address, (3) telephone number, and (4) company
name. The following information is optional in the Contact form: (1) mailing address,
city, state/province, and country (2) fax number, and (3) web address. Such
information is used in order to be able to respond to the user’s message, and
to prevent abuse. A user may optionally reach out to us without using that contact
form, for example by fax, telephone or by postal mail.
If a user registers domain
names through us, additional data such as address information as required by
the policies for WHOIS, as determined by ICANN, registry operators, and Tucows
(the registrar for which we provide reseller services) is collected. Applicable
domain name registration agreement terms (including additional privacy terms)
are detailed on our website here.
Additionally, we may collect
and use your information:
·
for researching, analyzing, developing,
managing, protecting and improving our business operations;
·
to manage our business and day-to-day business
and operational needs;
·
to comply with our legal obligations; and
·
to fulfil other purposes related to any of the
above.
De-identified, aggregate or anonymized information
We may also de-identify,
aggregate or anonymize information to identify trends, manage our business,
develop statistical information, understand how we are performing, or develop
relevant products, services or offers. Such information may also be shared with
third parties for other analytical purposes but will not personally identify
any individual and therefore is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a file containing
an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to
a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to
the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Leap’s cookies usage
Our websites, like many
websites operated by others, store cookies on your computer. These cookies are
used by us in several ways including enabling certain features, remembering
choices that you make, improving the efficiency of this site, and to provide to
us information about how people use the sites so we can improve them.
Our websites’ cookies will
either be deleted or not deleted automatically when you close your browser
depending upon the need to retain the information in the cookie between your
visits to this website. If you do not allow our websites to use cookies, then
certain features or sections of the sites may not be available to you or may
not function as expected.
In the course of serving advertisements to this
site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on
your browser or use web beacons to collect information, combat fraud/abuse, and
to cap the frequency of ads (i.e. the number of times an ad is seen within a
certain period). You can manage your cookies preferences through the relevant
mechanisms in your web browser (see the preferences or options menus). For more
information on blocking cookies or targeted advertising, visit www.aboutads.info,
the Digital
Advertising Alliance of Canada,
or check your browser’s instructions.
Google cookies, personalization and analytics
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre
Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”), as a Leap third-party vendor,
uses advertising cookies to enable it and its partners to serve ads to our
users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the internet.
Google uses cookies to serve ads on our sites based on a user’s prior visits to
our websites or other websites (so-called “behavioural ads” or “personalized
ads”). For example, if you visit a hotel company’s website to purchase a
vacation (and that website shares data with Google), and then visit one of our
websites such as math.com later, you might see relevant ads on topics such as
travel insurance or car rentals related to that vacation on math.com.
Similarly, if you use math.com and later visit a recipes website, you might see
ads for math tutoring or math textbooks on the recipes website. By increasing
the relevance of ads based on your overall browsing experience, personalized
ads generally provide a better experience compared to ads that are more broadly
targeted (and which are thus less likely to be of interest to you).
Users may review Google’s use
of advertising cookies and manage settings via Google's advertising policy
page. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. At this
time, Google’s personalized advertising has been disabled for users from the EU
and California across our sites. Google also cares about your privacy,
and you can read their own Privacy Policy here. Further
information from Google concerning cookies can be found here.
Leap also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics
tool from Google. Google Analytics uses information obtained by the cookies to
evaluate your use of our website for us, to create reports on website
activities and to provide further services related to the website and the
internet usage for us. This information may be transmitted to a server in the
USA and stored there. Please note that Google Analytics information may be
disclosed to marketing agency partners that use the data to optimize marketing
campaigns. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held
by Google. More information about Google Analytics’ data practices can be found
here. You can deactivate the Google Analytics
function with a browser add-on, which you can download here. To do this you
must install that browser add-on. This will prevent the analysis information
from being sent to Google.
Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online
advertising. It does mean that the network from which you opted out will no
longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
Do not track mechanism
Because of
the changing state of technology, we currently do not make any guarantee that
we will honour Do-Not-Track signals delivered by your browser.
Children’s information
Some of our sites are intended
for use by both children and adults for educational purposes. We recognize the
importance of privacy with respect to children’s information (i.e. anyone under
the age of 18) and will follow guidelines intended to uphold such privacy.
To this end, on those
applicable sites, we will NOT:
·
Collect personal information (either online or
offline) of anyone under the age of 18 without seeking prior parental/guardian
consent, which may include an opportunity for the parent to limit use of the
information and participation in the activity;
·
Disclose to third parties the personal
information of anyone under the age of 18 without seeking prior parental/guardian
consent;
·
Provide the ability to publicly post or
otherwise distribute personal information of anyone under the age of 18 without
seeking prior parental consent;
·
Entice any user under the age of 18 with the
prospect of a special game, prize or other activity in order to divulge more
information than necessary to participate in the activity.
Sharing of personal information
Leap may disclose your personal
information to:
·
service providers or individuals who assist us
in providing services, who perform functions on Leap’s behalf or for our
internal business purposes;
·
third parties in connection with the potential
merger, sale of all or part of Leap’s business, sale or transfer of our assets,
bankruptcy (or similar event) and as part of completing such a transaction;
·
protect our or a third party's legal rights;
·
comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal
process or enforceable governmental request;
·
comply with any court order or legal proceeding;
·
detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud or
other criminal activity or errors, security or technical issues; or
·
protect against harm to the rights, property or
safety of our company, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Leap discloses personal
information to third parties engaged to perform services for us, Leap prohibits
the third party from using personal information for any purpose other than the
specific purpose for which Leap supplies it.
Retention
Leap retains personal
information only for the amount of time needed to fulfil the purposes for which
it was collected or as permitted by law, after which the personal information
is destroyed or made anonymous. Unless you tell us otherwise, your consent
remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.
International Transfers
We are a company incorporated
in Ontario, Canada, and are governed by the laws of that jurisdiction. By using
our sites or providing personal information online, you are directly
transferring personal information and non-identifiable information to us in
Canada and may also be transferred and processed in other countries where our
service providers are located. Canada and such other countries may not have the
same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. Further, in certain
circumstances, other foreign governments, courts, law enforcement agencies or
regulatory agencies may be entitled to access the personal information
collected and held by us.  By using our
websites or any of our services, you consent to the collection, storage, and
processing of your information in Canada and in any country to which we may
transfer your information in the course of our operations.
Applicable laws
You agree that any legal
action, proceeding, dispute or other matters relating to your access to, or use
of, our websites or the information contained on the websites will be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the
federal laws of Canada applicable within Ontario without regard to conflict of
law provisions. The Ontario Superior Court of Justice will have exclusive
jurisdiction to resolve any disputes relating to this Privacy Policy, use our
websites or the information contained on the websites.
Accessing or correcting your personal information
We take all reasonable steps to
ensure that your personal information is accurate, up-to-date, complete,
relevant and updated as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is used.
You can contact us to request access to your personal information to review its
accuracy or to update your personal information. Please make a request in
writing using any of the contact methods outlined below.
Opt-out from communications
and/or future products/services
We give our users the following
options for (i) discontinuing communications from us and/or (ii) discontinuing
receipt of our products or services: send email to: optout@LOFFS.com or use our
opt-out form.
Links to third party websites
Some of our websites contain
links to other websites that are not owned by or operated by us. Leap is not
responsible for the privacy practices or content of any of such third party
website to which we link. If you access such third party websites, either
directly or via our websites, you should review the privacy policy of each third
party site.
Contact us
If you have any
questions/comments about our Privacy Policy, the practices of our websites, or
your experiences with our websites, please contact us in writing through our Website Contact Form or at:
Address:         Leap
of Faith Financial Services Inc.
34 Burnfield Avenue
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M6G 1Y5
Fax:                 +1 416 588 5641
Please note that we may need to
confirm your identity or request additional details in order to process your
request.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify
this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice, in our sole discretion, so please
review it frequently. This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to
clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices, such
as when we add new services, functionality or features to our websites. The
revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this website. We will treat your
personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in place at the time
of collection of such information, or as you otherwise consent. Whenever you
need to refer to this Privacy Policy you should refer to this website to ensure
you have the most up to date version. You can determine when this Privacy
Policy was last revised by referring to the date it was Last Updated above.