https://prometheum.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Prometheum Institute
(416) 487-3775, 1-855-233-0370
contact@prometheum.ca
Building mental health through self-realization and self-actualization
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Forgot?
Forget your password?
Username or E-mail
Remembered Password?
Home
For Counsellors
For Clients
PRIVATE MESSAGE
About Us
REVIEWS
CONTACT
LOGIN
Home
For Counsellors
For Clients
PRIVATE MESSAGE
About Us
REVIEWS
CONTACT
LOGIN
Privacy PolicyHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to https://prometheum.ca (the “Site”).We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business.This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Prometheum Institute (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).
“Personally Identifiable Information” refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected? We collect only the following information from our Members: the username and email addresses of Members. Therefore, there is full privacy and anonymity.
What organizations are collecting the information? In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Members. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Members. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information? We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill communications requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Members about information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Members in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
With whom may the information may be shared? Personally Identifiable Information about Members may be shared only with the mentor/counsellor assigned to him/her and the administrator of this site. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us. We do not solicit you through email. Thus there is no necessity to place an opt-out clause. You may request termination of your membership anytime. Then there will be no further communication with you.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored? Personally Identifiable Information collected by Prometheum Institute is securely stored within our dedicated server and encrypted in secure 256 bit SSL.  Your information is not accessible to third parties or employees of Prometheum Institute except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information? Visitors and Members may opt out from or being contacted by us by sending an email request or a message in their private box.
Are Cookies Used on the Site? Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Members. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Member off.
How does Prometheum Institute use login information? Prometheum Institute uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Members on the Site? Prometheum Institute has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations only with qualified professional advisors attached to and employed by Prometheum Institute. Such professionals may have access to the limited Personally Identifiable Information, that is, username and email, only for servicing the needs of the member.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will not disclose Personally Identifiable Information and will do our best to protect that from a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. Since we do not know the name or other identifying factors, any information discussed with us has no legal connection with any identified person and thus cannot be legally associated with any person.  We will only disclose Personally Identifiable Information and only with permission of the member when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Members, if that applies.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure? All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Members is only accessible to an administrator of this site and the professional advisor assigned to a particular member. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Members for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information? Visitors and Members may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at concerned@prometheum.ca
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site? We provide Visitors and Members with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting us. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes? We will let our Visitors and Members know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Member has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Member to allow such Visitor or Member to prevent such disclosure.
Links: https://prometheum.ca does not maintain links to other web sites. If such a link is inadvertently included, please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
© 2016 Prometheum Institute. All rights reserved.
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
CONTACT