https://psychlinks.ca/privacy-policy/
Your Small Business in the COVID-19 Crisis: Psychlinks Web Services Can Help
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Psychlinks Web Services is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us  if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Overview
Psychlinks Web Services fully respects and supports your right to online privacy and informed consent. Unless you choose to send email, we do not have access to any identifying information about any visitor to the web site. We do not collect any private, personally identifiable information about you surreptitiously. No personal information whatsoever is required or requested in order for you to access the information and services on this site. You may access this site in total anonymity if you wish.
If you do choose at any time to send your email address or any other personal information via email or otherwise, be assured that this information will never be given out, sold to advertisers, or used for any purpose other than what you intend. No one associated with Psychlinks will ever contact you by any means, including email, except to respond to a question, a suggestion, or a problem initiated by you with this website or your website, and any such responses will be limited strictly to responding to your comments or questions.
Data We Gather
Information You Have Provided Us With
This might include your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address,  etc, information that is necessary for delivering you a product or service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information Automatically Collected About You
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, on ecommerce sites, your shopping cart information, your IP address, your shopping history (if there is any), etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Comments
When visitors leave comments or reviews on this site we collect only the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help with spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.  After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
It is strongly recommended that if you upload any images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included, such as those taken with digital cameras or smart phone cameras. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data that might be included in images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes for example registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request, and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience;
fulfill an obligation under law or contract.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product;
to communicate either for sales or invoicing.
With your additional and specific consent, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters and campaign offers;
for other purposes we have asked your consent for.
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfill obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymize Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymized. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
Who Else Can Access Your Personal Data?
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make providing the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience. We share your data with:
Our processing partners
PayPal
Interac
Square
Our business partners
None
Connected third parties
None
We only work with Processing Partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How We Secure Your Data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe.  We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS) to encrypt your personal information and prevent interception or hijacking of that information by any third party. We use anonymizing and pseudonymizing where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. On the server, we use two separate firewalls working together to monitor and block attempted breaches of the server. We also use a third software firewall on this site to monitor and block attempted breaches of this specific website. Any attempts to breach security result in notification of the site owner with details of the attack so that any additional measures to protect you and our site may be taken.
In the unlikely event that all of these measures should fail, we promise to notify suitable authorities of any data breaches and to notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Cookies and Other Technologies We Use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze customer behaviour, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalized features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization. We do not currently use any advertising services or cookies for such services on this website.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google adds some cookies to facilitate the collection of non-identify aggregate data that helps us see where our traffic is coming from and to collect other aggregate statistics on our visitors. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
We also use a service called AddThis for our social media sharing buttons. They also add a couple of cookies to facilitate gathering non-identifying aggregate statistics on how many visitors recommend specific pages or posts on our website to which social media sites. AddThis has their own Privacy Policy which you can access here. The AddThis services are now owned by Oracle; you can view their Privacy Policy here.
Contact Information
Site owner: David Baxter, djbaxter@psychlinks.ca
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made May 27, 2018.
Social Sharing
Share
Recent Posts
New features in WordPress 5.6
Emergency WP 5.5.3 Release
Facebook & Instagram embeds on WordPress will break soon
Finding creative ways to reach Halloween customers during the pandemic
Google Ads bug: That mysterious f.txt download file
Windows Defender and Kaspersky Best Security Software 2020
The New Face of Holiday Shopping for Local Small Businesses
WordPress 5.5 update breaks plugins: Here’s the fix.
COVID-19 Alert app for iOS and Android released by Canadian Government
Benefits of Having a Mobile Website for Small Businesses
More Posts  More Posts
Select Category
AdSense  (1)
Advertising  (1)
Annoyances & Troubleshooting  (7)
General  (25)
Google  (6)
Hosting  (1)
Marketing  (19)
Mobile Search  (18)
Privacy  (7)
Security  (20)
SEO & Local SEO  (29)
Small Business  (7)
Social Media  (11)
Website Design  (18)
Windows  (11)
WordPress  (23)
Xenforo  (1)
Google Reviews
Psychlinks Web Services
5.0
Based on 7 reviews
Ameer Gafur 18:33 30 Oct 19
Super Tech Support from Psychlinks. Very knowledgeable and efficient, quick and expert work, thank you!
Jeff James 06:18 30 Sep 19
I used them to convert a Vbulletin forum community over to the Xenforo platform. 42K members with almost 20 years of...
posts so it was a big database. Forum is pretty slick now, members are learning it pretty quick.
Our server was also getting killed by chinese spambots and we had to buy Cloudflare to stop the DDoS attack. They installed
cloudflare and tweaked it to block all the traffic from them and any suspicious IP.
They also created
a 2nd skin for our forum that really works well. SSL certificate was also handled by them. Basically, they did all the chores of running/updating a forum based website.
Questions and issues that popped up were handled in hours usually. Communication was perfect. We were a mess and they stayed on it for a couples days. Down time is key and they got us back up fast.read more
Siidka Jimcale 00:00 10 Sep 19
For good opening links
Terry McGraw 21:33 30 Aug 19
I have relied on David's expertise for all my Wordpress development and SEO optimization needs ever since he answered...
my questions on the Local Search Forum (where he's an administrator and troubleshooter). I can attest to everything said about him in prior Reviews. They reflect my experience in every way. Just knowing that whenever I'm stuck (or panicking) he's always there to help is tremendously reassuring to me, the technophobe.read more
Linda Buquet 15:49 08 Aug 18
I can't imagine getting better Internet support or working with a better person!
David, the owner, has handled all the...
technical and troubleshooting issues at my forums for over 10 years and also handles all my WordPress maintenance on other sites.
He's helped me through almost any website challenge you can imagine
Every time, in every way David has exceeded my expectations!
His technical aptitude, attention to detail, promptness and great personality make him an invaluable ally whenever I have web maintenance, troubleshooting or website design needs.read more
Fiona McKenney 14:45 13 Jul 18
Psychlinks Web services built and maintains our website. It is easy to navigate and I am able to update it on my own....
Affordable and knowledgeable staff.read more
Heather Webber 17:24 11 Jul 18
I had let my author website (created by someone else) lapse for a few years, and when I wanted to renew and relaunch...
it, I didn't know where to start. David Baxter got my site up-to-date technically, and currently is helping me sort out a few problems and teaching me how to update it. Very much appreciated and knowledgeable help.read more
Next Reviews
Please add your review at Review Psychlinks Web Services. This only takes a minute or two and you do not need to use your full name.
Subscribe (New Posts)
Name*Email*
Archives Archives
Select Month
December 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
November 2019
July 2019
June 2019
April 2019
March 2019
January 2019
December 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
February 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
February 2017
January 2017
July 2016
June 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
Copyright © Psychlinks Affordable Web Design. All Rights Reserved.