https://public.vtoxford.org/privacy-statement/
menu
menu
Create an account
Log In
You're on VON's public site. To go to our logged in area, click here
Who We Are arrow_drop_down
About Us
Our Impact
Member Map and Member List
Case Studies
Newsletter
Directors and Advisors
Staff List
Contact Us
What We Do arrow_drop_down
Overview
Databases and Reporting
QI Collaboratives/Learning Communities
Overview
iNICQ
NICQ
Genomic Network
Health Equity
Libraries
All VON Libraries
Research using VON Data
NICU by the Numbers
Cochrane at VON
Improvement Library
Tools
Manuals and Forms
eNICQ 6
Week 36 Calculator
Fahrenheit to Centigrade Conversion Table
Transfer Codes
Group Services
Global Health
Annual Quality Congress
Join Us arrow_drop_down
Membership Overview
Improvement Science Virtual Expo
Annual Quality Congress
COVID-19 Resources
Global Health
Membership FAQs
Follow Us On Social Media
search
Vermont Oxford Network Websites Privacy Policy
Vermont Oxford Network takes the protection of your information very seriously and takes many precautions to safeguard it.
Existing agreements
Members of our network are covered by their membership agreement and Web Services Addendum or Terms of Use for sections of our website accessible to them. Those documents cover the collection of de-identified infant data and the reporting of that data back to our members.
VON Services Administrators and/or VON Champions designated by each of our members have the authority and responsibility of supplying us with a list of users allowed to access the private sections of our websites where information about their center’s data is displayed.
What information does VON collect?
VON collects personal information when Web Services Administrators register users for access to our sites including name, email address and, when appropriate, IP address.
When registering for our Annual Meeting, we collect name, address, email, phone number and credit card number.
When browsing our websites, VON automatically receives information about your browser, IP address, operating system, software capabilities, VON cookie and which page you request.
How does VON use my information?
We use the information we collect to deliver access to VON tools and resources to VON members, to identify opportunities to improve those tools and services, to send you information about VON and opportunities to engage more deeply in our community of practice, to respond to your questions and concerns, and to contact you about important information regarding your center’s membership and participation in VON.
Who sees my data or other information?
VON does not sell, rent or share information about you with third parties without your permission, except to provide products or services you’ve requested.
For online payments via credit card, your credit card number, name and address are sent securely to our credit card processor.
VON shares anonymous, non-personally identifiable browsing information with Google Analytics to improve the quality of website content and design.
What efforts does VON take to ensure the safety of my data and other information?
Our protections of infant data are covered in our membership and web services agreements Terms of Use for sections of our website accessible to them.
All personal information, including information such as IP and email address, is subject to several levels of physical and technological safeguards. Extensive backup and protection systems are in place to ensure the safety of all center information. Our websites are also protected by SSL certificates, issued by Comodo.
We do not store credit card numbers permanently. They are only held in memory long enough to complete the transaction and then deleted.
Does VON use cookies?
VON uses secure encrypted cookies (a data string sent between computers) to keep users logged in while viewing multiple pages.
How can I review and change my information?
Members with a login and password for our site can view and make changes to their personal information through their user profile.
Otherwise you can contact us here and ask to review your personal information:
Vermont Oxford Network
33 Kilburn St
Burlington, VT 05401
802-865-4814
mail@vtoxford.org
How do I opt-out of receiving VON emails?
Individuals may opt out of receiving VON informational and marketing emails at any time by selecting the unsubscribe link in all VON marketing and communications emails. You may also unsubscribe by contacting us here:
Vermont Oxford Network
33 Kilburn St
Burlington, VT 05401
802-865-4814
mail@vtoxford.org
What sort of emails will I receive from VON?
VON uses e-mail as our primary mode of communication with our members. You will receive informational emails about VON programs and services in which you are currently enrolled. You may also receive emails about upcoming VON programs, services, volunteer opportunities and other news and updates about the Network.
Third party links may be included within email messages sent by VON, however VON will never share your email address or other information with a third party.
How do I learn about changes?
Changes will be posted at this location on our website.
Effective Date: May 2018
Links
Contact Us
Directors and Advisors
Membership Overview
Newsletter
Staff List
Job Openings
Manuals and Forms
Week 36 Calculator
Transfer Codes
eNICQ 6
SiteMap
Privacy Statement
Fahrenheit to Centigrade Conversion Table
Terms of Use
Follow Us
Sign up for our newsletter