http://qualityicare.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHome
About Us
About Dr. Yu
Meet Our Staff
Services
LASIK
Custom Lasik
PRK
Refractive Lensectomy
Phakic Implants
Coming Soon
Testimonials
Patient Resources
Download Center for Patient Forms and Documents
Tour of the Eye
Video Library
FAQs
Financing
Contact Us
Book an Appointment
Return to Content
Your privacy is very important to us. We have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines the Laserforyou privacy policy:
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for the information being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Laserforyou.com and all related trademarks are the property of Laserforyou. Third parties may not use Laserforyou names and trademarks without written permission.
Other trademarks, service marks, and trade names used in the Laserforyou.com website are the property of their respective owners. Laserforyou does not sell or share email addresses and personal information of visitors to other companies or organizations.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Linking, Framing, Mirroring, Scraping and Data-Mining
Links to the Web Site without written permission of Laserforyou are strictly prohibited. The framing, mirroring, scraping or data-mining of the Web Site or any of its content in any form are strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy Changes
Laserforyou.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. The continued use of this website after any changes will constitute your acceptance of such change.
*Does not include enhancements (if needed)
Why have Lasik with Dr. Yu?
About Us
Home
Services
Testimonials
Patient Resources
Contact Us
Book an Appointment
Privacy Policy