https://radiopharmacy.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyJrstech2019-09-28T10:53:40-04:00
Online Privacy Policy
This privacy notice is to be read in conjunction with our Website Terms and Conditions discloses the privacy practices of PharmaLogic Holdings LLC. (“PharmaLogic”), relating to www.radiopharmacy.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not provide any personal information to PharmaLogic.
PharmaLogic complies with privacy law requirements in The United States, including the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) in its collection, use and disclosure of “personal information”, which is defined as “information about an identifiable individual.”
PharmaLogic only collects personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, including information provided in any online contact request.  We will use your personal information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your personal information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal information is collected on this website when you provide information to us via the contact form made available on this site. We may contact you in the future to inform you of changes to this privacy policy.
Use of Personal Information
Your personal information will be used for only those purposes to which you have consented as permitted under HIPAA, although PharmaLogic may use personal information without your consent as permitted or as required by HIPAA or other law.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Personal information will be disclosed to only PharmaLogic employees and/or the Board of Directors that need to know the information for the purposes of their work responding to a request, as required.
Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties with your knowledge and consent where required, noting that HIPAA permits PharmaLogic to disclose personal information to third parties without consent, in certain circumstances.
Security
We protect the information you provide to us online or information that we otherwise collect about you. We use administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect personal information that is in our custody.   Third parties that process personal data on our behalf are contractually obligated to safeguard data and only use the data provided to them for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Only PharmaLogic employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, radio pharmacy personnel) are granted access to personal information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Your information may be stored outside of The United States where the laws on the protection of privacy may be less stringent than those in The US.
Our site contains links to third parties for the purposes of ordering Pharmaligic products.  These third parties are independent from PharmaLogic and have their own obligations with respect to privacy laws.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.  Cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal information will be retained at PharmaLogic as long as reasonably required and for such periods of time as may be prescribed by applicable laws and regulations.
Accuracy of Your Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time by contacting the Privacy Officer at info@radiopharmacy.com. You may inquire as to what data we have about you, if any, and you may change/correct any data we have about you.
Go to Top