https://rainbows.org/privacy-policy
Home
Donate
Services
About Us
Giving
Home
Events
Resources
News
Order Materials
Contact Us
Blog
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rainbows for All Children (“RFAC”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to your right to privacy. This web page describes our policy guidelines regarding the collection and use of personal or corporate information that you provide to us.By using the site, you are agreeing to the terms of this policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use the site. Rainbows for All Children may modify the provisions of its privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.Collected InformationRainbows for All Children collects information from users of its website, potential clients, prospective employees, and alliance relationships to name a few, including the information you provide to us by submitting information to us through use of the site.Rainbows for All Children may keep track of this information and the information that you provide to us when you visit the site for our internal review, business development, research, marketing and promotional purposes, press inquiries or aggregate statistical analysis and site customization.We may also use this information to solicit emails for business development, research, marketing or promotional purposes or press inquiries. It our practice to provide you with an opportunity to remove yourself from this distribution list by sending us an email to remove.We store this information in our database and do not plan to share it with third parties. If we ever need to share this information with other third parties, we will notify you. At any time you can remove your name and related information from our database, and we will provide you a choice to opt-out if you don’t want your information used for any purpose. You can review and update your information by contacting us at info@rainbows.org.Processing Donations And PaymentsWhen you make a donation or payment through the Site, we may collect your credit card number of other payment account number, billing address, and other information related to such transaction from you. This information may be used in order to process your donation or payment and to send you any related communications.Depending on the method of donation or payment that you chose, you may need to use a third-party payment service. If you wish to use a third-party payment service for your donation or payment, you will be directed to a web page hosted by that payment service and not by RFAC.Any personal information that you provide through the payment service page will be collected by the payment service and not by us, and will be subject to the privacy policy of the payment service not this policy. We have no control over, and shall not be responsible for, any use of information collected by the third-party payment service.CookiesRainbows for All Children may collect other types of anonymous data from web site users through the use of “cookies,” which are text files that a web site places on the hard drive of your computer indicating what pages you visited. When you return to the web site, your browser sends that information back to the site. Rainbows for All Children may use the information provided by cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes.LinksThe Rainbows for All Children web site contains links to other web sites belonging to alliance partners, clients, and other sites of interest to our users. Rainbows for All Children does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. You should make sure that you know when you have left our web site and, if the web site you visit collects personal information, that you have read that site’s privacy policy.SecurityRainbows for All Children protects your personal information with several security measures. In addition to normal precautions such as physical security and firewalls, we have strict internal security policies.
Contact Info
Rainbows Headquarters
614 Dempster Street
Suite C
Evanston, IL 60202
p (847) 952-1770
f (847) 952-1774
Find a Group
To find a Rainbows support group near you, please enter your address in the search bar below. If you don’t find a group in your community, please contact us to get one started.
Find
Find A Group
Find a Rainbows for All Children site near you. If you can't find a site in your area, please call us.
Find
Start A Rainbows Site
Become a facilitator or start a new Rainbows for All Children Site.
Start A Rainbows Site
Sign up for our Newsletter!
Stay up-to-date on the latest Rainbows news!
Newsletter
Rainbows For All Children| 614 Dempster Street, Suite C | Evanston, IL 60202 | Phone: (847) 952-1770
© 2020 Rainbows. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy