https://rajivvij.com/privacy-policy
Rajiv Vij
Life & Executive Coach
Join the conversation at
Home
About
Blog
Coaching
Coaching
Client Testimonials
Decline in Meaning
Create the Life You Want
Personal Mastery
Speaking
Speaking
Speaking Testimonials
The Book
Discovering Your Sweet Spot
Praise for the book
Values and Needs Lists
Happiness Test
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Personal Alchemy (“Personal Alchemy”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you (“User”, “you” or “your”) may provide on the https://rajivvij.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, “Website” or “Services”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Collection of personal information
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you publish content, make a purchase, fill any online forms on the Website. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Website’s features. Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.
Collection of non-personal information
When you visit the Website our servers automatically record information that your browser sends. This data may include information such as your device’s IP address, browser type and version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Website, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Use and processing of collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; improve our Website; improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers; process transactions; send notification emails such as password reminders, updates, etc; run and operate our Website and Services. Non-Personal Information collected is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Website usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
We may process Personal Information related to you if one of the following applies: (i) You have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note that under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases below. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to European data protection law; (ii) Provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; (ii) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us; (v) Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Information transfer and storage
Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own. You are entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by us to safeguard your information. If any such transfer takes place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section.
The rights of users
You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent; (iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing; (iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it; (vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us; (vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that your information is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
The right to object to processing
Where Personal Information is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. You must know that, however, should your Personal Information be processed for direct marketing purposes, you can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether we are processing Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, you may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Billing and payments
We use third-party payment processors to assist us in processing your payment information securely. Such third-party processors’ use of your Personal Information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as this Privacy Policy. We suggest that you review their respective privacy policies.
Privacy of children
We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through our Website or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through our Website or Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through our Website or Service, please contact us.
Newsletters
We offer electronic newsletters to which you may voluntarily subscribe at any time. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by contacting us. However, you will continue to receive essential transactional emails.
Cookies
The Website uses “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. We may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to operate our Website and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of the Website and Services.
Links to other websites
Our Website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third-parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect Personal Information.
Plugins and Tools
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this website uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web site was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.
Data breach
In the event we become aware that the security of the Website has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third-parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do we will send you an email.
Legal disclosure
We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user account and personal data will likely be among the assets transferred.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us.
This document was last updated on November 19, 2019
(Visited 183 times, 1 visits today)
The Book: Discovering Your Sweet Spot
As Socrates said, “The unexamined life is not worth living.” In a society increasingly driven by the manic pursuit of externally visible rewards, Rajiv’s recently released book […]
Read More »
“Rajiv as a coach is like a mirror. He enables a journey of self discovery based on excellent listening, empathy and deep insights. The 18 months with Rajiv have helped me prioritise my life goals and work on my leadership development. It’s been an amazing self transformation process.”
Rajesh Jejurikar, President Farm Equipment Sector and Member Group Management Board, Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd
Updates
Master Level Coach
Rajiv has recently been awarded the MCC (Master Certified Coach) credential by the International Coach Federation (ICF). This is the highest credential offered by the ICF to professional coaches and currently less than 5% of all credentialed coached worldwide hold this.
(Visited 205 times, 1 visits today)Read More
How Happy Are You?
We all want to lead a happy and fulfilling life. That’s our most important and overarching goal through life. However, we don’t have easy ways to measure our happiness or our inner state of being on a regular basis. So, what do we do?
To become more aware of your current level of happiness, take the
Free Happiness Test
Recent Posts
Don’t Be Too Proud Of Your Analytical Mind
After a long time, the other day, I started making a gratitude list. One of those things that I have many of my clients do, but hadn't done myself for a while. As I looked through
Read More »
Reflect More, And Know This Crucial Factor To Make It Count
As much as we need exercise for our physical health, we need a regular reflective practice for our mental and emotional well-being. A few minutes of quiet time, away from all the
Read More »
Who Are You, Really?
Calm, relaxed, restless, anxious, envious, confident, unsure, loving, guilty, grateful. As my thoughts drifted, these are some of the emotions I felt just in the past hour. And
Read More »
Subscribe to my Blog To receive new posts on this blog automatically in your inbox, please submit your contact details here.Name *FirstLastEmail *Checkboxes *I would like to subscribe to Rajiv Vij's blog to receive the latest blog posts in my email.Checkboxes *I agree to the Privacy PolicyWebsiteSubmit
Home
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Copyright © 2020 Rajiv Vij   ·   All rights reserved.   ·   Site design by Andy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Subscribe to my Blog
To receive new posts on this blog automatically in your inbox, please submit your contact details here.Name *FirstLastEmail *Checkboxes *I would like to subscribe to Rajiv Vij's blog to receive the latest blog posts in my email.Checkboxes *I agree to the Privacy PolicyMessageSubmit
×