https://rajivvij.com/terms-conditions
Rajiv Vij
Life & Executive Coach
Join the conversation at
Home
About
Blog
Coaching
Coaching
Client Testimonials
Decline in Meaning
Create the Life You Want
Personal Mastery
Speaking
Speaking
Speaking Testimonials
The Book
Discovering Your Sweet Spot
Praise for the book
Values and Needs Lists
Happiness Test
Contact
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions (“Terms”, “Agreement”) are an agreement between Personal Alchemy (“Personal Alchemy”, “us”, “we” or “our”) and you (“User”, “you” or “your”). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the https://rajivvij.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, “Website” or “Services”).
User content
We do not own any data, information or material (“Content”) that you submit on the Website in the course of using the Service. You shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted Content. We may monitor Content on the Website submitted or created using our Services by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Website does not grant us the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the Content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial, marketing or any similar purpose. But you grant us permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, display and perform the Content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, we have the right, though not the obligation, to, in our own sole discretion, refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable.
Billing and payments
You shall pay all fees or charges to your account in accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and payable. If, in our judgment, your purchase constitutes a high-risk transaction, we will require you to provide us with a copy of your valid government-issued photo identification, and possibly a copy of a recent bank statement for the credit or debit card used for the purchase. We reserve the right to change products and product pricing at any time. We also reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
Accuracy of information
Occasionally there may be information on the Website that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to availability, promotions and offers. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Website or on any related Service is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information on the Website including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied on the Website should be taken to indicate that all information on the Website or on any related Service has been modified or updated.
Backups
We perform regular backups of the Website and Content and will do our best to ensure completeness and accuracy of these backups. In the event of the hardware failure or data loss we will restore backups automatically to minimize the impact and downtime.
Links to other websites
Although this Website may be linked to other websites, we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked website, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their websites. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third-parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any website which you access through a link from this Website. Your linking to any other off-site websites is at your own risk.
Prohibited uses
In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Website or its Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Intellectual property rights
This Agreement does not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by Personal Alchemy or third-parties, and all rights, titles, and interests in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Personal Alchemy. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Personal Alchemy or Personal Alchemy licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our Website or Services may be the trademarks of other third-parties. Your use of our Website and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Personal Alchemy or third-party trademarks.
Disclaimer of warranty
You agree that your use of our Website or Services is solely at your own risk. You agree that such Service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements, or that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; nor do we make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through the Service or that defects in the Service will be corrected. You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of Service is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. We make no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through the Service or any transactions entered into through the Service. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the Service shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will Personal Alchemy, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for (a): any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use or content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if Personal Alchemy has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of Personal Alchemy and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors, relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to Personal Alchemy for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Personal Alchemy and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third-party allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or relating to your Content, your use of the Website or Services or any willful misconduct on your part.
Severability
All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.
Dispute resolution
The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of General, Singapore without regard to its rules on conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of Singapore. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and federal courts located in General, Singapore, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You hereby waive any right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.
Assignment
You may not assign, resell, sub-license or otherwise transfer or delegate any of your rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without our prior written consent, which consent shall be at our own sole discretion and without obligation; any such assignment or transfer shall be null and void. We are is free to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third-party as part of the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or stock or as part of a merger.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
This document was last updated on June 18, 2018
(Visited 80 times, 1 visits today)
The Book: Discovering Your Sweet Spot
As Socrates said, “The unexamined life is not worth living.” In a society increasingly driven by the manic pursuit of externally visible rewards, Rajiv’s recently released book […]
Read More »
“I took on a new role that was larger in scale and complexity from what I had previously done, that also required me to lead change. Rajiv helped me navigate that process through a journey of self discovery and assessment. I can honestly say that I would not have been able to perform the role without his guidance and for that I am eternally grateful.”
Kevin Gibson, Chief Investment Officer Equities, Eastspring Investments (Prudential)
Updates
Master Level Coach
Rajiv has recently been awarded the MCC (Master Certified Coach) credential by the International Coach Federation (ICF). This is the highest credential offered by the ICF to professional coaches and currently less than 5% of all credentialed coached worldwide hold this.
(Visited 205 times, 1 visits today)Read More
How Happy Are You?
We all want to lead a happy and fulfilling life. That’s our most important and overarching goal through life. However, we don’t have easy ways to measure our happiness or our inner state of being on a regular basis. So, what do we do?
To become more aware of your current level of happiness, take the
Free Happiness Test
Recent Posts
Don’t Be Too Proud Of Your Analytical Mind
After a long time, the other day, I started making a gratitude list. One of those things that I have many of my clients do, but hadn't done myself for a while. As I looked through
Read More »
Reflect More, And Know This Crucial Factor To Make It Count
As much as we need exercise for our physical health, we need a regular reflective practice for our mental and emotional well-being. A few minutes of quiet time, away from all the
Read More »
Who Are You, Really?
Calm, relaxed, restless, anxious, envious, confident, unsure, loving, guilty, grateful. As my thoughts drifted, these are some of the emotions I felt just in the past hour. And
Read More »
Subscribe to my Blog To receive new posts on this blog automatically in your inbox, please submit your contact details here.Name *FirstLastEmail *Checkboxes *I would like to subscribe to Rajiv Vij's blog to receive the latest blog posts in my email.Checkboxes *I agree to the Privacy PolicyWebsiteSubmit
Home
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Copyright © 2020 Rajiv Vij   ·   All rights reserved.   ·   Site design by Andy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Subscribe to my Blog
To receive new posts on this blog automatically in your inbox, please submit your contact details here.Name *FirstLastEmail *Checkboxes *I would like to subscribe to Rajiv Vij's blog to receive the latest blog posts in my email.Checkboxes *I agree to the Privacy PolicyPhoneSubmit
×