https://rapideyetechnology.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://rapideyetechnology.com.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Rapid Eye Institute websites. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, renew certificates, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these and other pages on our web site include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information, etc.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected include:
Name
Address
Phone Number, etc.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order – such as the shipping company. We have scrutinized these outside parties to ensure they, too, have policies in place to protect your privacy.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order as stated above.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use data collected in course registrations, online surveys, contests, and other necessary data acquisition projects for the specific purposes outlined in such projects and safeguard your sensitive identity information from outside sources except as they apply directly to the purposes of the project for which such information was collected. For example, we may need to share personal identifiable information with a governmental agency to secure funding for RET sessions and training for certain qualifying individuals and groups.
We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone. We safeguard records in accordance with provisions of Public Law 104-191, dated Aug. 21, 1996.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We keep contact form submissions for a certain period for customer/student service purposes. We do not use the information submitted through them for purposes other than those stated on the contact form page or with express permission of the submitter. We use Aweber service to provide follow-up support to new Technicians. Their privacy policy is here.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This web site uses Google Universal Analytics to track visits and improve our web site. Read about Google Universal Analytics Security and Privacy here.
Who we share your data with
This web site shares anonymous user data with Google Universal Analytics. It shares personally identifiable data with the RET Institute staff to service customers and provide educational information, course materials, and counsel to students. We also share, through secure SSL transmission, customer data with online merchant account processor, Paypal, and online storefront, Ecwid.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Your product orders are securely transmitted to Ecwid for processing. You payment data is securely transmitted to Paypal. At no time is unencrypted data exposed.
Your contact information
Please contact us directly by email at ret@rapideyetechnology.com or by phone at 1-503-399-1181 about any privacy-related concerns.
What data breach procedures we have in place
In case of a data breach, we will work with our web hosting service and law enforcement agencies to rectify the situation to the best of our ability.
Email Privacy
The Rapid Eye Institute is in compliance with the CAN SPAM Act of 2003:
We do NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
We identify message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
We include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
We monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
We honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
We allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails,
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email -OR- email us at ret@rapideyetechnology.com and ask to be removed, and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.