https://redhotmamas.org/policies/
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Menopause Community
Find a RHM Program
Why Hospitals/Med Practices Join
Start A Program
Testimonials
Brochure
Store
Privacy, Policies and Disclaimers
Published: June 15, 2014
Privacy, Policies and Disclaimers
Medical Disclaimer
Please view our disclaimer.
Privacy of Personal and Financial Information
We have created this privacy statement in order to describe and demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our visitors’ personal and financial information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Red Hot Mamas®.
This site does not collect personally identifying information about individuals except when such information is specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Our site’s subscription form (to receive electronic newsletters, for example) requires users to give us contact information (like name and e-mail address). We will never release your name, street address, telephone number, or e-mail address for purposes other than those stated without your consent.
Information obtained from visitor e-mails, our chat rooms, our bulletin boards, or via any of our on-line forms may be collected and used in an anonymous and general format, for example as part of Frequently Asked Questions or other educational pages, if it could help others resolve similar problems or answer similar questions. Such information will contain no personally identifying information.
Currently, we utilize Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please go here http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
Our privacy policy complies with all aspects of the Health on the Network (HON) that can be accessed through links on the footer of Red Hot Mamas®. The privacy policy is designed to provide the knowledge to control your personal information. We encourage you to read the policies for a firm understanding about the information we collect, how we use that information, how we protect that information and what you can do to control your information. When, and, or if, Red Hot Mamas® collects personally identifiable information during registration for general purposes, it is to understand who our users are and what their interests are and to be able to provide customized advertisement and content to each user specific to them and their interests. It will be clear why information is sought. The information collected will be used only with your consent and specifically for the purpose stated, or, globally, in aggregate form. In those cases where registration may be needed (i.e., chat rooms, bulletin boards, electronic newsletter mailings) we may collect some or all of this information: password, gender, profession (are you a doctor or a health care provider, for example), e-mail address, zip code or country code. We may ask your area of interest, and if you receive a newsletter, you have the option of “opting out.” Personally identifiable information collected during the registration process will only be used with your consent to provide you information you have elected to receive. We may provide aggregate information to other sites and/or advertisers, etc. based on the total numbers. Aggregate information does not include any personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information may be shared with staff for compiling numbers, for example, or for responding to informational requests. Following our guidelines, we will seek consistently to ensure that the information is kept private and not misused.
During the registration process, you have the opportunity to elect options for receiving and/or canceling obtaining information about areas that interest you and for receiving an electronic newsletter. Of course, you will be able to update material as you see fit. In fact, you can also decide to delete all information you e-mailed us by sending a request to info@redhotmamas.org.
Financial Funding Sources
We (www.redhotmamas.org) are a privately owned and self-funded organization and our website relies on banner advertising (clearly identified). All of our content is clearly identified as to the source and if it is a contest (for example), it is clearly marked who is paying for the space. If we are being compensated for certain work, our policy is to add a line to the end of the article that reads, “the author was (or is) being compensated by _______”.
Limitation of Warranty/Limitation of Liability
Use of this site is at your own risk. The site and its content are provided “as is.” In no event shall Red Hot Mamas® be liable for any lost profits or special, incidental or consequential damages (including from negligence) arising out of or in connection with your use of this website, or any page or link on or from this website, or your purchase of any product from this website. Except as set forth herein, Red Hot Mamas® expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Red Hot Mamas® are not liable for any personal injury, including death caused by your use of the site.
Quality Assurance on www.redhotmamas.org
All pages published on the Red Hot Mamas® website have passed through a thorough and rigorous quality assurance procedure. This includes:
Content development – content on www.redhotmamas.org is developed by our health care advisory board and in consultation with content partners from reputable health organizations.
Research, writing and editing – all published pages are researched, written, edited and proofread by professional staff with extensive experience in the health sector.
Verification (external) – all published pages are checked and approved by staff from the Red Hot Mamas®. These people are specialists in their fields and include clinicians, academics.
Verification (internal) – all published pages are checked by the RHM editors.
Reviewing and updating -all published pages are reviewed annually by RHM editors.
Red Hot Mamas® will not accept any advertising that is not specifically related to health care or lifestyle in association with their audience. In addition, Red Hot Mamas® will not accept any advertising that is R-rated or of derogatory nature.
Red Hot Mamas® editorial content is not influenced by our funding sources.
Reviewed and Updated June 2014.
2014-06-15
admin
Disclaimer  | Privacy Policy  |  Logo & Trademark Usage  |  Sitemap  |  Advertising Opportunities  |  Contact Us
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: Verify here.   Reproducing content presented on this site in any form is prohibited without written permission.
© Copyright 2020, Red Hot Mamas North America, Inc. All rights reserved.