https://rednose.org.au/page/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Please read these Terms & Conditions which govern the use of the Red Nose Website (including any of the web pages located at www.rednose.org.au and the Red Nose Chat Online service).
By using the Red Nose Website, you agree with these Terms & Conditions and the Red Nose Privacy Policy. You must not use the Red Nose Website if you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions and the Red Nose Privacy Policy.
Red Nose may change these Terms & Conditions at any time without notice. Any amendment will be effective immediately. If you continue to use the Website after any amendment, this will constitute an agreement by you to comply with, and be bound by, the amended Terms & Conditions. Accordingly, you should access and read the Terms & Conditions from time to time for changes.
Purpose
The content on the Red Nose Website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical or other services. We strongly recommend that you should seek the assistance of healthcare or other professionals, and you should not disregard or delay seeking professional advice because of information you obtain from the Red Nose Website.
Content
The information on the Red Nose Website is updated from time to time and the content may change without notice. Red Nose has no obligation to update any of the outdated information on the Red Nose Website.
Where content is contributed to the Questions & Answers section or other similar page, contributors need to agree to, and abide by, the Red Nose Website Guidelines & Terms of Submission.
Chat Online service
The Red Nose Chat Online Services are not intended to replace specific medical or legal advice which should be sought from an appropriately qualified person. The Chat Online service is made available on the condition that Red Nose, its staff and others involved in the provision of the chat Online service shall not be held responsible for any actions taken as a result of information or opinions given.
Privacy
Red Nose is committed to protecting the confidentiality, security and privacy of personal information.
These Terms & Conditions incorporate, and should be read together with, our Privacy Policy.
Red Nose reserves the right to override this confidentiality in special circumstances, such as when someone is deemed to be at risk.
Copyright/Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise acknowledged, all material on this Website, except where otherwise acknowledged, is the intellectual property of Red Nose. All copyright is reserved.
In accessing this Website, you may download, store in cache, display, print or make a single copy of the information or material stored on this Website (in its unaltered form) for your personal and non-commercial use only. Subject to the conditions set out under the Copyright Act 1968 (or any similar statute that applies in your jurisdiction), if you wish to make any other use of the material on this Website, you must first obtain our permission. To ask for permission or for further information, please contact us.
Any trade names, trade marks, service marks and other product and service names and logos (Marks) displayed on this Website cannot be used without the express written permission of the relevant owner.
Where permission is granted to use any of our Marks, attribution to us must be included. They cannot be used as part of, or your whole, Mark; in relation to activities, products or services in which Red Nose are not involved; in a misleading, deceptive or confusing manner; or in a way that maligns Red Nose, our information, products or services (including this Website).
Red Nose reserves the right to override this confidentiality in special circumstances, such as when someone is deemed to be at risk or if required by law.
Links to this website
If you wish to link to the Red Nose Website from your own website, permission must be sought prior to linking. Any link must be legal, not harm Red Nose’s reputation or suggest any association, approval or endorsement where none exists.
Links to other websites
Links in the Red Nose Website are provided for convenience only and does not denote that Red Nose endorses information from any of these organisations. Red Nose has no obligation to maintain these links or guarantee their current status.
General disclaimer
To the extent permitted by law, we will in no way be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damage, however caused (and whether direct, indirect, consequential or economic) which may be directly or indirectly suffered in connection with use of this Website or websites of other entities which are hyperlinked from this Website (Linked Websites).
This general disclaimer is not restricted or modified by any of the following specific warnings and disclaimers.
Specific warnings and disclaimers
We believe the information contained on this Website to be accurate and current as at the time of posting on this Website. It is offered in ‘good faith’ and we make no guarantee or responsibility as to the reliability, accuracy or totality of the information contained on this Website. We strongly recommend seeking professional advice specific to your circumstances and make your own assessment of the information contained on this Website Should you choose to rely on information contained on the Website, it is wholly at your own risk.
Red Nose will not be liable for any interference with or damage to your computer systems occurs in connection with your use of this Website or a Linked Website or that your use of this Website will be uninterrupted or error free. We advise that you take your own precautions to ensure any downloads from this Website are free of viruses or anything else which may interfere with or damage the operations of your computer systems.
Information will be kept current as much as is practicable and Red Nose takes no responsibility for any out-of-date content.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, all implied conditions, representations, warranties and other terms are excluded. You must ensure that your access to this Website is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to you or in your location.
Applicable laws
These Terms & Conditions are governed by the laws in force in Victoria, Australia and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia and any courts which may hear appeals from those courts in respect of proceedings in connection with these Terms & Conditions or this Website.
How to contact Red Nose
If you have any queries about the above terms and conditions, please contact info@rednose.org.au or call 1300 308 307
Last modified 24/6/2016
Set your state
Select a state
National
Australian Capital Territory
New South Wales
Northern Territory
Queensland
South Australia
Tasmania
Victoria
Western Australia