https://reflexology.nz/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website and services.
Reflexology New Zealand is committed to ensuring that your privacy is respected and protected. By using the website, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
Please note that the privacy practices in this privacy policy are for our website only. If you clicked on links to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Who we are Reflexology New Zealand (RNZ) is the National Reflexology Association for Professional Reflexologists. We operate as a non-profit, non-political, professional body to support our members. RNZ is affiliated to Natural Health Practitioners NZ (NHPNZ).
All Reflexology New Zealand Professional members are registered, fully qualified reflexologists.
Our website address is: https://reflexology.nz
What personal data we collect and why we collect it Comments
When you leave comments on our website blog posts, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture (if provided) is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Contact and Enquiry Forms
We collect data shown that you knowingly choose to disclose, in our Contact Form and our Reflexologists’ Message Forms :
Name / email address / phone number / message
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. Facebook post feeds, videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, which allow us to collect information on our visitor demographics. The data is to help us ensure our content is relevant to our visitor’s needs. Visitors can of course opt-out at any time. To do this follow the official steps provided by Google. No personal information is stored on cookies.
What we do with the information we gather
to understand your requirements and provide you the services you requested
to answer any queries you raised
we may periodically send promotional emails about special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address which you have provided.
Who we share your data with Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorised employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
We do not share or sell your information to third party companies.
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we hold about you, and to ask for it to be corrected if you think it is wrong.
How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data You can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Note Reflexology New Zealand may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Postal AddressPO Box 38860
Wellington MSC
Lower Hutt 5045
New Zealand
Social Profile
Quick LinksContact Us
Find a Reflexologist
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
© Reflexology New Zealand
Website by: Jade WebDesign
TOP