http://reprotox.org/privacy
Privacy Policy
This policy describes the ways we collect, store, use and protect your personal information. You accept this policy when you sign up for or use our products, services or any other features, technologies or functionalities offered by us on our website or through any other means (collectively the “Reprotox Services"). We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. In addition, if the revised version includes a substantial change, we will provide you with 30 days’ prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "Policy Updates" page of our website.
How we collect information about you
When you visit the Reprotox website or use the Reprotox Services, we collect your IP address and standard web log information, such as your browser type and the pages you accessed on our website.
If you open an account or use the Reprotox Services, we will collect the following types of information:
Contact information - your name, address, phone, email, and other similar information.
Financial information - the credit card numbers that give us when you use Reprotox Services.
When you are using the Reprotox Services, we collect information about your transactions and your other activities on our website and we may collect information about your computer or other access device for fraud prevention purposes.
Finally, we may collect additional information from or about you in other ways such as contacts with our customer support team.
How we use cookies
When you access our website, we, or companies we hire to track how our website is used, may place small data files called "cookies" on your computer. We and our service providers also use cookies to customize the Reprotox Services and content.
We send a "session cookie" to your computer when you log in to your account or otherwise use the Reprotox Services. This type of cookie helps us to recognize you if you visit multiple pages on our site during the same session, so that we don’t need to ask you for your password on each page. Once you log out or close your browser, this cookie expires and no longer has any effect.
We also use longer-lasting cookies for other purposes such as to keep you logged in to your account if you choose that option.
We encode our cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them. You are free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may interfere with your use of our website. We may also collect information about your computer or other access device to mitigate risk and for fraud prevention purposes.
You may encounter cookies from third parties when using the Reprotox Services on websites that we do not control (for example, if you view a web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party, there may be a cookie placed by that web page or application.)
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user.
We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where Reprotox employees are located, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. Credit card information that is entered online is encrypted by our credit card processor and we have access only to the last four digits of this information. Credit card information given to us over the telephone is destroyed after being entered into our processor’s credit card application. Only the last four numbers are retained in our records.
How we use the personal information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to maintain your account and to notify you when the account is due expire or has recently expired.
We also use personal information to process payments.
Marketing
We don't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. We may notify you of Reprotox features in which you may be interested such as new or improved handheld applications.
How we share personal information
To process your payments, we may share some of your personal information with the person or company that that is paying for your membership. This information includes your contact information, date of sign-up, the number of payments. In addition, this and other information may also be shared with third parties that process bank or credit card payments. We will not disclose your credit card number or bank account numberunless we are required to do so to comply with a credit card rules, subpoena, or other legal process.
How you can access or change your personal information
You can review and edit your personal information at any time by logging in to your account and clicking the link to update information on the home page.
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us by email at reprotox@reprotox.org.