https://repromed.com.au/trying-for-a-baby/when-to-seek-help/
COVID-19 – Advice for Patients
RepromedTrying for a BabyWhen to Seek Help
When to Seek Help
Print
When Should I See A Fertility Doctor?
Infertility is defined as being unable to fall pregnant after:
12 months of regular unprotected sex if the female partner is under 35 years of age
6 months of regular unprotected sex if the female partner is over 35 years of age
Females
For females, see your Fertility Doctor earlier if you have been diagnosed with or treated for:
irregular or absent periods
PCOS or Endometriosis
tubal damage or previous tubal ligation surgery
recurrent miscarriage
premature menopause
known genetic concerns
Males
For males, see your Fertility Doctor if you have been diagnosed with:
low sperm count
poor sperm shape or movement
antisperm antibodies
ejaculatory concerns
absence of sperm
known genetic concerns
issues from a prior vasectomy
Making An Appointment
You will need a referral from your GP to see a Fertility Doctor at Repromed to be eligible for Medicare rebates. If you have a partner both names will need to be on the same referral letter or you will need separate referrals for both of you.
What Are The First Steps?
Your Repromed Fertility Doctor will start with a review of your general health and medical history, before deciding on which test or procedures are appropriate.
For females, tests may include:
a pelvic ultrasound
a blood tests on day 2-5 of your cycle to measure Follicle-Stimulating Hormone (FSH), Luteinizing Hormone (LH), Thyroid-Stimulating Hormone (TSH), Prolactin
blood test to screen for HIV, Hep B and Hep C
blood test to check immunity towards Rubella (German Measles) and Varicella (Chickenpox)
ovarian reserve blood test
For males, tests may include:
Semen Analysis to check for sperm antibodies and possible infections
screening for HIV, Hep B and Hep C (blood test)
Remember: You will need a referral from your GP to be eligible for Medicare rebates. If you have a partner, both names will need to be on the same referral letter or you will need separate referrals for both of you.
Book an appointment
Make an enquiry
(Complete the form and one of our staff will be in touch with you soon)
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Mobile Phone*Date of Birth*
Date Format: DD slash MM slash YYYY
Preferred Location*- Select -Alice SpringsDarwinDulwichMawson LakesMorphett ValeMount BarkerMount GambierPort AugustaPort LincolnQueen Elizabeth Specialist CentreBriefly describe the reason for your appointment*
Happy to receive occasional news
I have read, understood, and agreed to the Privacy of Your Information Policy
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
First Name*Last Name*Email*
Mobile Phone:*Date of Birth*
Date Format: DD slash MM slash YYYY
Preferred Location*- Select -Alice SpringsDarwinDulwichMawson LakesMorphett ValeMount BarkerMount GambierPort AugustaPort LincolnQueen Elizabeth Specialist CentreEnquiry:*
Happy to receive occasional news
I have read, understood, and agreed to the Privacy of Your Information Policy
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
General Enquiries
How do I make an appointment at Repromed?
Just fill in the form below or call us on 08 8333 8111 and you can speak to one of our Patient Coordinators to make an appointment. Our Patient Coordinators are trained Fertility Nurses who will be able to answer some of your questions and help you make an appointment with a Doctor at a time that suits you. We are usually able to make an appointment within two weeks of your initial enquiry.
Do I need a referral to be seen at Repromed?
Yes, you will need a referral to see the Doctors at Repromed. If you have a partner both names will need to be on the referral (or you will need separate referrals for both of you) to be eligible for the Medicare Rebate.
My GP has done some tests already. Will these need to be repeated?
Please bring a copy of any of your test results to your first appointment. Some tests may need to be done at certain times of your cycle and may need to be repeated or updated but we aim not to repeat tests unnecessarily.
My local Doctor says I should try naturally for longer but I am really worried we may not be able to have a family. What should I do?
It is recommended that you seek fertility assistance if you have been trying to get pregnant for 12 months or more and you are under 35 years old. If you are 35 years or older you may wish to seek assistance after trying for 6 months or even less if you 40 years or older. If you have specific concerns about your fertility such as recurrent miscarriages, a history of endometriosis, irregular cycles or chlamydia/pelvic inflammatory disease, or if your mother went through early menopause you may wish to seek advice earlier than the guidelines suggested above.
I am uncomfortable with male Doctors doing private examinations. Do I have a choice of Doctors at Repromed?
All Doctors at Repromed are very experienced in women’s health and will try to ensure your comfort at all times. All private examinations are chaperoned by nursing staff to allow for your maximal care, comfort and attention. We have many female Doctors at Repromed and we will aim to meet your requests at all times if possible. Religious and cultural expectations are respected as a priority.
I am not sure I want to get pregnant right now but I am concerned about leaving it too late. How do I know if I will be able to have children?
One of the Doctors at Repromed will be happy to see you for a Fertility Assessment. Our Reproductive Health clinicians will be happy to discuss your options such as having an Ovarian Reserve Assessment which can give an idea about whether you have a normal number of eggs remaining in your ovaries for your age. Factors affecting your own fertility or fertility preservation options can also be discussed at that appointment.
My partner has had a vasectomy. What can be done to help us have a child together?
At Repromed we help many couples where the male has had a vasectomy in the past. Sperm can usually be obtained by needle aspiration and then can be used in an IVF cycle with very successful results. The sperm aspiration can be done under local or general anaesthetic.
I am a single woman. What options are there for me to have a baby?
In South Australia single women can access fertility treatment. A referral from your GP to see one of our Repromed Doctors for a Fertility Assessment should be your first step to see how best Repromed can help you with your dreams of having a baby. At Repromed, we have a well-established donor sperm program that involves full medical and psychological screening of our donors and aims to best meet the needs of all parties involved. Other options such as egg freezing or other forms of fertility preservation can also be discussed.
Repromed Fertility Specialists
Part of Monash IVF Group
© Repromed
Media
Privacy
Disclaimer
Glossary
Contact