https://rescuesource.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Rescue Source is firmly commitment to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe. Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user’s identity and for use in our record system.
This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information and unique identifiers. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is protected using the most advanced methods available. We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site
Search for:
Water Gear
Accessories
Drysuit & Wetsuit Care
Drysuits & Wetsuits
Flashlights
Helmets
Knives
Headlamps
PFDs (Lifejackets)
Throwbags
Strobes
Water Gloves
Water Packages
Water Shoes
Bags
Accessory Bags
Dry Bags
Duffel & Tote Bags
Rope & Equipment Bags
Throwbags
Rope & Hardware
Anchoring
Ascenders & Descenders
Carabiners
Harnesses
Helmets
Prusik
Pulleys
Rigging Plates
Rope
Rope Accessories
Rope Gloves
Rope Packages
Straps
Webbing
RQ3 Gear
Auxiliary Equipment
Animal Rescue
Body Recovery
Cliff Pickets
Hose Inflator
Ice Rescue
Litters
Manikins
Rafts & Accessories
Rescue Boards
Rescue Devices
ResQMax
Tripods
Packages
Rope Packages
Water Packages
Rescue 3 Items
Apparel
Books
Classic Patches
New Patches & Stickers
Videos
Specials
Clearance
On Sale
Drysuit Clearance
New for 2020
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Username *
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register