http://research.danafarberbostonchildrens.org/privacy/
Dana-Farber/Boston Children’s Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us, so we operate our website by the following principles:
Confidentiality
You may use our website without disclosing personally identifiable information. We want to be clear that we will not obtain such information about you unless you choose to submit it to us. If you supply personally identifiable information (such as name, address or telephone numbers) for various purposes on this site, we only use the information for that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested).
Security
Dana-Farber/Boston Children’s takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When a registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or diagnosis), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry-SSL. Should you electronically request a referral to a Dana-Farber/Boston Children’s physician, we will use the information you submit to arrange for care where appropriate. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off line. Our software and hardware is configured to provide maximum security.
Cookies
The Dana-Farber/Boston Children’s website use cookies to track traffic coming to our site. Cookies will also be used to identify a person who chooses to register on our site. If you choose to register on our site and are given a password for an event, give donations on line, or choose to enroll in our email subscription services, we will identify you with cookies. You will always have a chance to opt out at any time.
Information Collection and Use
Dana-Farber/Boston Children’s is the sole owner of the personal medical information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. Dana-Farber/Boston Children’s occasionally trades its contributor mailing lists with other non-profit organizations. This process saves us money and is carefully monitored and one may always opt out by emailing contactus@danafarberbostonchildrens.org.