https://resolve.org/privacy-policy/
Close
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Learn
Infertility 101
Insurance Coverage
Getting Insurance Coverage
Making Infertility Affordable
What Are My Options?
Take Action
Ways to Give
Volunteer
Become an Advocate
Professional Membership
Attend An Event
Act Now
Get Help
Find a Support Group
Find a Professional
HelpLine
Donate
Infertility 101
What is Infertility?
Medical Conditions
Infertility FAQ
Optimizing My Fertility
The Male Body
The Female Body
Personal Assessment Tool
What Are My Options?
Adoption
Donor Options
Genetic Screening and Testing
Getting Insurance Coverage At Work
Insurance Coverage
LGBTQ+ Family Building Options
Living Childfree
Making Infertility Affordable
Medications
Military Personnel and Infertility
Making Decisions About Remaining Embryos
Surrogacy
Treatment Options
What is Infertility Resolution?
Support
Find a Support Group
For Friends and Family
Helpful Resources
HelpLine
Infertility and Relationships
Managing Infertility Stress
Online Support Community
Pregnancy After Infertility
Personal Stories
Professional Services Directory
RESOLVE Support Groups
Get Involved
Become an Advocate
Policies and Positions
Victories and Achievements
Attend an Event
Volunteer
Partner with RESOLVE
Professional Membership
Ways to Give
Donate
Give Your Way
Fundraise Your Way
Honor Someone
Make a Monthly Gift
Shop For RESOLVE
Our Impact
Physicians Council
Partner with RESOLVE
Your Financial Support Provides
About Us
Annual Report/990
Contact Us
Corporate Council
Media Resources
Meet Our Board of Directors
Our Mission
Our Team
Our Visionary Partners
Policies and Positions
Physicians Council
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Privacy Policy
RESOLVE operates as a 501(c) (3) tax-exempt corporation. Our national office maintains the website at www.resolve.org. According to the article 27 of the GDPR, RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association, 7918 Jones Branch Rd, McLean, VA 22102, has been appointed by RESOLVE as representative within the European Union.
RESOLVE has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at the URL www.resolve.org and any other site provided by RESOLVE (collectively, the “Site”).
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Disclaimer. RESOLVE reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such change on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
It will be very difficult and in most countries even impossible for RESOLVE to provide you services if you refuse to allow RESOLVE to process your data. For this reason, by providing personal data to RESOLVE, you agree to be legally bound by and explicitly consent to this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or cannot form a legally binding contract, RESOLVE would not be able to process your personal data.Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site
How such information is used
With whom your information may be shared
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to RESOLVE by sending an email to info@resolve.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration and order forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, demographics, credit card number and similar information. We do not store sensitive information from our visitors such as credit card numbers or passwords. We use customer contact information from the registration and order forms to send the user requested information. We never sell, share or trade any of our customer information with other companies.
Contact and Profile Information
RESOLVE is the sole owner of the information collected on the Site. This Site does not collect personally identifying information about users except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. For example, we collect information from you in the following ways:
Some areas of our Site request or require contact and other information
During the registration process, we collect personal and other information such as your name, address, and e-mail address.
Demographic and profile data (e.g., age, gender and income level) may also be collected at our Site. We use such data to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site’s content, layout, and services.
Additionally, this data may be shared with advertisers or other third parties solely on an aggregated basis. We do not share any personally identifying information with any third party without your consent, except to a court or governmental agency if required by law.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. RESOLVE will not use any such information to identify you in any way other than as part of an aggregate user base.
Use of “Cookies” or “Remember Me”
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser:
For Internet Explorer™: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
For Safari™: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
For Chrome™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
For Firefox™: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For Opera™: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/web-preferences/#cookies
Security
All information provided to RESOLVE is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of RESOLVE. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Choice/Opt-Out
RESOLVE provides users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at any time. RESOLVE gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications.
You can click on the “Unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of your e-mail and follow the instructions on the web page.
You can email info@resolve.org to be removed from email communications.
When using one of the above methods your request is processed immediately.
Correct/Update
RESOLVE gives you the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Upon your request, we will also remove any other personally identifying information we may retain from our databases. To make any such changes or requests:
You can click on the “Sign up for RESOLVE’s E-updates here” link to unsubscribe from email communications.
E-mail us at info@resolve.org.
Additional residual information may remain in our archives and records, but this information will not be used for any commercial purpose. We reserve the right to maintain information on users who have violated our Terms of Use or who have had their access to our Site blocked.
Tell-A-Friend & Email this Page Services
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our Site, we ask them for the friend’s name and e-mail address. RESOLVE will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the Site. We do not store the information of the person you sent it to. The only way that information is captured is if they take some sort of action on The Site.
Surveys
We may conduct occasional online surveys via the Site or via an e-mail newsletter. These surveys are entirely voluntary and you may easily decline to participate. Participating in an online survey does not automatically add your name to the subscriber list for RESOLVE Newsletters.
Online Activism
Advocacy campaign participants might enter personal information on a RESOLVE/Blackbaud secure page, but this information will be transferred to decision-makers over insecure channels (because neither state nor federal legislatures support secure email, fax or web posts) and may become part of a public record (if comments are being submitted to public dockets).
Other Web Sites
Our Site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which RESOLVE has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact info@resolve.org.