https://retireatcountryside.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home About UsWe Are… Employment Opportunities Contact Us Directions Local Area Information Countryside Blog
Independent LivingAmenities Living Areas / Floor Plans Admissions Prices
Rehabilitation Services Assisted Living Skilled NursingServices Admissions
Request Information
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Countryside Village & Countryside Manor is committed to providing quality services to you and this policy outlines our ongoing obligations to you in respect of how we manage your Personal Information.
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it?
Personal Information is information or an opinion that identifies an individual. Examples of Personal Information we collect include names, addresses, email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers.
This Personal Information is obtained in many ways including correspondence, by telephone and facsimile, by email, via our website https://retireatcountryside.com, from other publicly available sources, from cookies and from third parties. We don’t guarantee website links or policy of authorized third parties.
We collect your Personal Information for the primary purpose of providing our services to you, providing information to our clients and marketing. We may also use your Personal Information for secondary purposes closely related to the primary purpose, in circumstances where you would reasonably expect such use or disclosure. You may unsubscribe from our mailing/marketing lists at any time by contacting us in writing.
When we collect Personal Information we will, where appropriate and where possible, explain to you why we are collecting the information and how we plan to use it.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
Sensitive information will be used by us only:
For the primary purpose for which it was obtained
For a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose
With your consent; or where required or authorized by law.
Third Parties
Where reasonable and practicable to do so, we will collect your Personal Information only from you. However, in some circumstances, we may be provided with information by third parties. In such a case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that you are made aware of the information provided to us by the third party.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be disclosed in a number of circumstances including the following:
Third parties where you consent to the use or disclosure; and
Where required or authorized by law.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information. However, most of the Personal Information is or will be stored in client files which will be kept by us for a minimum of 7 years.
Access to your Personal Information
You may access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact us in writing. Countryside Village and Countryside Maor will not charge any fee for your access request but may charge an administrative fee for providing a copy of your Personal Information.
In order to protect your Personal Information, we may require identification from you before releasing the requested information.
Maintaining the Quality of your Personal Information
It is important to us that your Personal Information is up to date. We will take reasonable steps to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you find that the information we have is not up to date or is inaccurate, please advise us as soon as practicable so we can update our records and ensure we can continue to provide quality services to you.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time and is available on our website.
Privacy Policy Complaints and Inquires
If you have any queries or complaints about our Privacy Policy please contact us at:
Countryside Village
Countryside Manor
7700 Hwy 158 Stokesdale
North Carolina 27357
Phone: 336-643-6301
Email
Blog PostsTime to Retire?April 25, 2019‘You’re only as old as you feel.’February 11, 20196 Ways to Improve Your Heart HealthJanuary 7, 2019Senior Downsizing – 5 Tips for DownsizingNovember 13, 2018Meet Our Residents – Virginia SharpSeptember 13, 2018Five Advantages to Living in a Retirement CommunityJuly 27, 2018Recent CommentsIrene Baker on Strange Carolinas tells the story of Countryside Village’s Landmark Coffee PotRandall Humphrey on Strange Carolinas tells the story of Countryside Village’s Landmark Coffee PotCategories
Assisted Living
Blog
Countryside Retirement
Independent Living
NC
News
Rehabilitation Services
Skilled Nursing
Stokesdale