http://rls.org/about-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This is the website of the Restless Legs Syndrome Foundation, www.rls.org.
Our postal address is:
Restless Legs Syndrome Foundation 3006 Bee Caves Road, Suite D206 Austin, Texas 78746
You can contact us via email at info@rls.org or by phone at 512-366-9109.
We provide this notice to explain our online information practices. By visiting the RLS Foundation at www.rls.org, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice.
I. Privacy Policy Statement
The RLS Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. Information gathered by the RLS Foundation is used to monitor the effectiveness of our site and respond to your questions and requests.
Aggregate Information
When you visit our website, our server automatically logs (records) domain name and standard anonymous information about the operating system and Web browser you are using, as provided by your Web browser. This automatically collected information is used for statistical purposes to help us manage our site and better serve the community; it does not identify you in any way.
Identifiable Information
Those of you who volunteer information about yourself by filling out an interactive form on the www.rls.org website (such as the “eFriends form" or "discussion board form") may be interested to know the RLS Foundation Sharing Policy, which is as follows:
The RLS Foundation does not rent or share donor information. If requests for donor information come from an RLS Foundation support group or authorized affiliate entity, a cooperative effort will be made to understand the nature of the request.
Whenever reasonable and possible, representatives of the RLS Foundation will endeavor to educate donors/prospects about their respective roles in order to assist donors/prospects in their contribution decisions.
Patient and family information, including, but not limited to, name, address, age and telephone number, is confidential and will only be shared with RLS Foundation entities with written permission from a donor/prospect or their designee.
Under no circumstances will the RLS Foundation provide information to outside entities, except where required by law. The RLS Foundation will, upon request serve as an intermediary between donors/prospects and outside entities where deemed appropriate.
The RLS Foundation may provide to government agencies and outside entities aggregate data on restless legs syndrome, including incidence and prevalence and number of patients served by the RLS Foundation.
II. Data Security Statement
The security of your personal information is very important to us and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. Our website, www.rls.org, uses firewalls and has security measures in place at its physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our website. This includes the use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for processing contributions and orders securely. SSL is the proven standard for secure Web messaging transactions.
III. Donor Privacy Policy
The RLS Foundation will not trade, share or sell a donor’s personal information, whether donated online or offline, with anyone else, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
The RLS Foundation reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Our privacy policy will be kept up to date and clearly posted on our website.
Updated 10/29/2015
PublicationsWebinarsNightWalkers
What's New
December 9
Support and Connection are Just a Click Away
Read More
November 18
Reducing Stress During Anxious Times
Read More
November 2, 2020
2020 Ekbom Award Presented Virtually
Read More
October 21
New Study on Iron
Read More
More News Stories
RLS Foundation membership
=
More strength.
More Knowledge.
More hope for a cure.
Learn More