https://rolandparkplace.org/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICYDownload our Notice of Privacy Practices.
DOWNLOAD NOTICE OF PRIVACY POLICY
Roland Park Place (RPP) respects the privacy concerns of visitors to its web site. We have created a policy which describes the types of information we currently collect, and the ways we use and protect any information provided by our site visitors. The information automatically gathered in the course of your visit or voluntarily provided by you will not be sold to third parties for commercial purposes. RPP will take precautions to maintain the confidentiality of this information at all times except where disclosure is required by law.
You do not need to provide personal information in order to visit www.rolandparkplace.org. You can visit our webpages on a completely anonymous basis. When you visit, we collect certain non-personal information which includes the number assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet (this is called an “IP address”), and the type of browser you use. None of this non-personal information can be used to identify or contact you. Such information helps Roland Park Place learn about how visitors find our site (if they have linked to the web site from another web site), the number who visit our site and its various pages, and how visitors are using our site, so we can improve its usefulness.
If you use the online forms to make a request, to send an e-mail to a staff member, or to complete a survey, we will use the information you furnish to fulfill your request or respond to you.
In designing this web site, we have assumed that the majority of visitors are seeking information about retirement community options for themselves or for someone else. If a visitor uses the online contact form to request information, we may save the visitor’s e-mail address to send follow-up information at a later date. If this occurs, recipients may decline to receive such communications.
Outside sites and links
Within this web site we have provided links to other web sites we believe may be useful or of interest to our visitors. The provision of these links does not constitute an endorsement by Roland Park Place of the company, organization or the information provided therein. These links exist outside of Roland Park Place’s authority, and as such RPP has no authority or control over the content or the privacy of your information when you link to them.
If you have questions about Roland Park Place’s privacy policy or our administration of your personal information, please contact us at webmaster@rpplacce.org.
Roland Park Place street view
Reserve your place in our spectacular 8-story addition with a fully-refundable deposit.
SIGN ME UP!
REQUEST INFORMATION
VISIT OR WRITE US
830 W. 40TH STREET
BALTIMORE, MD 21211
CALL US
410.243.5700
REQUEST A BROCHURE
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
ACROBAT READER
Superb accommodations.
Delightful neighbors.
Attentive service.
Superlative care.
And the city at your doorstep.
Welcome to Metropolitan Senior Living at Roland Park Place.
CONTACT US
SOCIAL
QUICK LINKS
CAREERS
PRESS INFORMATION
STAFF & RESIDENT INTRANET
PRIVACY POLICY
Pending final approval from the Maryland Department of Aging
Scroll to top