https://rolf.org/legal.php#disc
×
Member Login
Forgot Password?
Find a RolferRegister for ClassesStore
Log-in
Legal
Legal Information
Trademark and Copyright
Certifications/ Accreditation
Privacy
Disclaimer
Trademark and Copyright Information
Downloadable Service Mark Usage Guide
If you want to use DIRI images or text, please complete the Copyright Permission Form here.
Service Mark
In 1979, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted exclusive service mark rights for the term "ROLFING®" to The Rolf Institute of Structural Integration (“DIRI”), distinguishing ROLFING® Structural Integration from all other forms of structural integration. DIRI is the sole owner of the trademark "ROLFING®", the brand, and all its derivatives.
“ROLFING®” Trademark Usage:
The Rolf Institute® of Structural Integration is the sole certifying body for ROLFERS™ and ROLFING® practitioners. Only graduates of the DIRI training program who become members of DIRI, may offer ROLFING® services to the public, and may refer to themselves as ROLFING® practitioners, CERTIFIED ROLFERS™, ROLF MOVEMENT® PRACTITIONERS and/or CERTIFIED ADVANCED ROLFERS™. To determine if a practitioner is a member of DIRI, consumers look for these trademarks.
Third Party Trademarks:
Other marks that may be found on this site and are not owned by DIRI are owned by their respective trademark owners.
Copyright:
DIRI is the owner of copyrights in the material on this site, including but not limited to graphics, text, and other copyrighted material, except for material in the public domain and material owned by third parties.
No material from this site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that DIRI hereby grants permission to you to browse this site and to download one copy of this site on any single computer for personal use. Material from this site may not be further reproduced or altered, and may not be sold, licensed or otherwise used. DIRI reserves the right to revoke any and all access and use authorizations granted to this site.
Entire web site © DIRI. All rights reserved.
Certifications and Accreditation
The Institute sets high standards for candidates, students in training, and members as reflected by its Code of Ethics, Standards of Practice, and Continuing Education.
Established in 1971, The Rolf Institute is a nonprofit corporation, organized and existing under the laws of California and Colorado. It is recognized by the U.S. Government as a tax-exempt educational and scientific research organization. The Rolf Institute has its headquarters in Boulder, Colorado, and with regional international offices in Europe, Brazil, Japan, and Canada. Currently, The Rolf Institute has four official licensees that independently offer training that is compatible with the training sponsored by the U.S. Office; the European Rolfing Association e. V. in Munich, Germany; the Associacao Brasileira de Rolfistas in Sao Paulo, Brazil; the Japan Rolfing Association in Tokyo, Japan; and the Rolfing Association of Canada in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The Basic Rolfing® Certification Program is accredited by The Commission on Massage Therapy Accreditation. In order to graduate from an accredited program all three phases of the program must be attended at The Rolf Institute in Boulder, CO. Regional and International programs are not accredited by COMTA.
As a school, it is approved and regulated by the Colorado Department of Higher Education Division of Private Occupational Schools.
The Rolf Institute is approved by the National Certification Board for Therapeutic Massage and Bodywork (NCBTMB) as a continuing education provider under category A.
The Rolf Institute is approved by the Colorado State Approving Agency for Veteran’s Education and Training benefits.
The Rolf Institute is approved by the Colorado Department of Labor and Employment to provide services to clients of the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation (DVR). Only the Basic Rolfing Certification Program offered solely in Boulder, Colorado is eligible for benefits.
The Rolf Institute is an equal opportunity organization and as such does not discriminate on the basis of age, disability, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national or ethnic origin.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.rolf.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 303-449-5903 or via email at info@rolf.org
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Disclaimer
The Dr. Ida Rolf Institute ("DIRI") web site is provided "as is" and makes no representation or warranties, express or implied, with respect to the documents, or any part thereof, including any warranties of title; no infringement of copyright, intellectual property or patent rights of others; merchantability; fitness or suitability for any purpose; accuracy; timeliness; content errors; omissions; lack of viruses; lack of negligence; or lack of workmanlike effort. DIRI does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials in this site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The DIRI further disclaims any liability whatsoever for any information, documentation, programs, software, or other material (" information") which is or may become a part of this Web site, in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. DIRI shall not be liable for any damages, including without limitation any special, direct, indirect, punitive or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the materials in this site, whether in an action of contract, negligence, tort or otherwise. DIRI further disclaims any liability for any material contained in other sites linked to this site
This site may link to and/or provide information regarding other sites such as the Rolf Forum. DIRI is not affiliated with the Rolf Forum or any other third party site and has no responsibility or liability for information or services provided by the Rolf Forum or other third party sites.
Certain features of this site require use of a user name and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password and are responsible for all activities that occur under your user name and password.
The user assumes the risk that the information and documentation contained on this Web site may be considered offensive, inaccurate, incomplete, and/or may not meet the needs and requirements of the user. The entire risk as to use of this Web site is assumed by the user. The user agrees to abide by the federal copyright laws and all other applicable laws of the U.S. and/or the state of Colorado and the United States as well as the terms of this disclaimer. The user may be held legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by the user's failure to abide by the terms set forth.
DIRI does not accept responsibility for the views and opinion expressed on faculty and staff home pages or for comments made on DIRI sponsored list serves or conferences. Comments should be directed to the page authors or conference moderators.
Hyperlinks that departments/staff may include on their web pages that leave this web site are not endorsed by DIRI and by following these links the user agrees that the DIRI is not responsible or liable for the contents of these outside sites.
These terms shall be construed and governed by the laws of the state of Colorado without reference to Colorado’s choice of law rules.
Quick Reference
Courses
Make a Donation
Housing Submission
Disclaimer
Request your course catalog
Whether you are at the start of your journey, or an experienced SI practitioner, we have long and short courses that will take you deeper.
Request a catalog
© Rolf Institute® of Structural Integration
dba Dr. Ida Rolf Institute®