http://sacredspiritsanctuary.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:Sacred Spirit Sanctuary ("Sacred Spirit Sanctuary") operates sacredspiritsanctuary.com and may operate other websites. It is Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's visitors use its website. From time to time, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sacred Spirit Sanctuary also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on sacredspiritsanctuary.com blogs/sites. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's websites choose to interact with Sacred Spirit Sanctuary in ways that require Sacred Spirit Sanctuary to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Sacred Spirit Sanctuary gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at sacredspiritsanctuary.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Sacred Spirit Sanctuary are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Sacred Spirit Sanctuary. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Sacred Spirit Sanctuary may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Sacred Spirit Sanctuary discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's behalf or to provide services available at Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Sacred Spirit Sanctuary believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Sacred Spirit Sanctuary, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Sacred Spirit Sanctuary website and have supplied your email address, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Sacred Spirit Sanctuary and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary uses cookies to help Sacred Spirit Sanctuary identify and track visitors, their usage of Sacred Spirit Sanctuary website, and their website access preferences. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Sacred Spirit Sanctuary, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Sacred Spirit Sanctuary goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Sacred Spirit Sanctuary may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Sacred Spirit Sanctuary and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sacred Spirit Sanctuary may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sacred Spirit Sanctuary's sole discretion. Sacred Spirit Sanctuary encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a sacredspiritsanctuary.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
EmailFacebookGitHubInstagram
Recent Posts
The Record of Wildfit Eric Edmeades.
2 Cons of Srikumar Rao and exactly how You can actually Workaround It.
Fifteen Taboos About Natural migraine relief It is important to Do not ever Share On Twitter.
6 Intellect Numbing Specifics About Sciatica treatment Kingwood TX.
8 Reasons That Change Best Vein Doctor in Houston TX’s Longevity.
Tagsacupuncture
aging
back pain
beauty
cancer
chiropractic care
cooking
cosmetic surgery
dental care
depression
diabetes
fitness
hair loss
Health (General)
insomnia
juicing
nutrition
personal development
pregnancy
quit smoking
skin care
sleep apnea
stress
vitamins and minerals
weight loss