https://sanjoseeye.com/patient-privacy/
Patient Privacy - San Jose Eye Institute
San Jose Eye Institute
Text Size:
M
L
X
Home
Dr. Decker
Dr. Yang
What’s New
Articles
Testimonials
Leave a Testimonial
Forms
Contact
Patient Privacy
Patient Privacy
Uses and Disclosures
Additional Uses of Information
Your Rights as a Patient
San Jose Eye Institute Duties
Right to Revise Privacy Practices
Requests to Inspect Protect Health Information
Complaints and Contact Person
Notice of Privacy Practices
Uses and Disclosures
Treatment — Your health information may be used by our physicians and staff members or disclosed to other health care professionals for the purpose of evaluating your health, diagnosing medical conditions, and providing treatment.
Payment — Your health information may be used to seek payment from your health plan, other sources of coverage such as an automobile insurer, or credit card companies that you may use to pay for services. For example, your health plan may request and receive information on dates of service, the services provided, and the medical condition being treated.
Health care operations — Your health information may be used as necessary to support the day-to-day activities and management of San Jose Eye Institute. For example, information on the services you received may be used to support budgeting and financial reporting and activities to evaluate and promote quality to insure that our practice is meeting state and federal guidelines and laws designated to protect your health care information.
Law Enforcement — Your health information may be disclosed to law enforcement agencies, without your permission, to support government audits and inspections, to facilitate law enforcement investigations, and to comply with government mandated reporting.
Public Health Reporting — Your health information may be disclosed to public health agencies as required by law. For example, our practice is required to report certain communicable diseases to the State of California Department of Health.
Other — Disclosure of your health information or its use for any purpose other than those listed above requires your specific written authorization. If you change your mind after authorizing a use or disclosure of your information, you may submit a written revocation of the authorization. However, your decision to revoke the authorization will not affect or undo any use or disclosure of information that occurred before you notified us of your decision.
Additional Uses of Information
Appointment reminders. Your health information will be used by our staff to call and / or send you appointment reminders.
Information about treatments. Your health information may be used to send you information on the treatment and management of your medical condition that you may find to be of interest. We may also send you information describing other health-related goods and services that we believe may interest you.
Your Rights As a Patient
You have certain rights under the federal privacy standards, including:
* the right to request restrictions on the use and disclosure of your protected health information.
* the right to receive confidential communications concerning your medical condition and   treatment.
* the right to inspect and copy your protected health information.
* the right to request an amendment or submit corrections to your protected health information.
* the right to receive an accounting of how and to whom your protected health information has   been disclosed.
* the right to receive a printed copy of this notice.
San Jose Eye Institute Duties
We are required by law to maintain the privacy of your protected health information and to provide you with this notice of privacy practices. We are also required to abide by the privacy policies and practices that are outlined in this notice.
Right to Revise Privacy Practices
As permitted by law, we reserve the right to amend or modify our privacy policies and practices. These changes in our policies and practices may be required by changes in federal and state laws and regulations. Whatever the reason for these revisions, we will provide you with a revised notice on your next office visit. The revised policies and practices will be applied to all protected health information that we maintain.
Requests to Inspect Protected Health Information
As permitted by federal regulation, we require that requests to inspect or copy protected health information be submitted in writing. You may obtain a form to request access to your records by contacting our receptionist.
Complaints and Contact Person
If you would like to submit a comment or complaint about our privacy practices, or obtain additional information about our privacy practices, you can do so by sending a letter outlining your concerns to the person listed below. You will not be penalized or otherwise retaliated against for filing a complaint.
Jennifer Pelayo, Administrator and Privacy Officer
San Jose Eye Institute
123 Di Salvo Ave., Ste 20
San Jose, CA 95128
(408) 279-4664
Effective date
This notice is effective beginning April 14, 2003 and was updated January 11, 2016.
Patient Education
Cataract Surgery
Refractive Surgery
Pterygium Surgery
Glaucoma
Dry Eye Syndrome
Testimonials
100% better!Before the cataract surgery, the eye was blurry and seeing out of it was difficult. The surgery was easy and… Read more “100% better!”Brett W.March 4, 2019Amazing!My cataract surgery experience was amazing! Dr. George Yang did a fantastic job and I can see quite well out… Read more “Amazing!”Aditya V.January 28, 2019Extremely happyI am extremely happy with the results of my cataract surgeries. I opted for the Crystalens accommodating IOL’s and they… Read more “Extremely happy”Ben G.January 2, 2019
Copyright © 2020 San Jose Eye Institute
· 123 Di Salvo Ave., Ste. 20, San
Jose, CA 95128 · Phone: (408) 279-4664 | Fax: (408) 279-0464