https://schoollunch.ca/legal/
Our Story
Menus
Order Meals
Register
Sponsors
Resources
Contact
Legal
Our Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Please review our terms of use and privacy policy if you have any questions regarding how we use any information we collect from you, how that information is collected and what your / our responsibilities are through accessing the site.
Terms of Use
The information, software, products, and services published on this website may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors. In particular, School Lunch Association and the affiliated, co-branded and/or linked website partners through whom we provide service (collectively, “School Lunch Association affiliates”) do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information, software, products, and services published on this website.
School Lunch Association and its respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, software, products, and services contained on this website for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this website does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services by School Lunch Association. All such information, software, products, and services are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. School Lunch Association and its respective suppliers disclaim all warranties and conditions that this website, its servers or any email sent from School Lunch Association is free of viruses or other harmful components. School Lunch Association and its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement.
In no event shall School Lunch Association be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this website or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this website (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this web site; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this website; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this website) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and even if School Lunch Association has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
to improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
No. This website does not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
At our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the privacy policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on February 15, 2016.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using our Contact section.
Healthy Students Eating Healthy Meals
Donate today and provide hot, nutritious meals to our school children
Donate
Our Sponsors