https://scottishhernia.com/privacy-policy/
Who we areOur website address is: https://scottishhernia.com.What personal data we collect and why we collect itWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Who we share your data withWe will not share your data with any other person or organisation that is not involved in your direct clinical care.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataThe law gives you certain rights in respect of the personal data that we hold about you as well as information about what we do with it, who we share it with and how long we will hold it for. We may make a reasonable charge for additional copies of that data beyond the first copy, based on our administrative costs. The website of the Information Commissioner’s Office (http://www.ico.org.uk) has a wealth of useful information in respect of your rights in your personal data. In addition to your right to stop marketing, detailed above, below is a short overview of the most commonly-used rights. Data Subject Access Request – If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.With some exceptions designed to protect the rights of others, and subject to payment of a small administrative fee (currently £10, or up to £50 for paper-based health records), you have the right to a copy of the personal data that we hold about youThe Right of Erasure (‘Right to be Forgotten’) – the right to have your personal information erased where we have no reason to continue processing;Data Portability – the right to move, copy or transfer personal information you have provided to us;Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you. Please note that by following the ‘track my data’s journey’ link below you can find out whether the services you have used with Nuffield Health rely on automated decisions. If we have made a wholly automated decision (i.e with no human judgement at all) you have the right to request that someone views that decision.Right to Rectification – You have the right to have the personal data we hold about you corrected if it is factually inaccurate. It is important to understand that this right does not extend to matters of opinion, such as medical diagnoses.If you want to exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, the best way to do so is to contact us by email on info@scottishhernia.com, or to write to us at the address below.  In order to protect your privacy, we may ask you to prove your identity before we take any steps in response to such a request. R Molloy, Scottish Hernia Centre, Ross Hall Hospital, 221 Crookston Road, Glasgow G52 3NQIf you are not satisfied with how we handle your request, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office on 0303 123 1113 or visit their website (https://ico.org.uk/.Where we send your dataWe do not process your data outside the UK. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Independent Healthcare Providers – Performance InformationIn the interest in providing comparable clinical outcome and performance data to the public across independent sector providers in healthcare, we – like all independent hospital operators – are required by law to provide activity data, including some personal data, as set out in more detail below, for publication by The Private Healthcare Information Network (PHIN).PHIN is responsible for collecting, processing and publishing information on the quality and cost of privately-funded healthcare in the UK.  The publication of this information is intended to:provide GPs with reliable information to inform their decisions about which providers to choosehelp future patients make informed choices about where to seek treatmentenable providers of care (hospitals and consultant clinicians) to improve the quality and safety of their services by better understanding their performance by comparison with other providersto support regulator information to help identify any causes of concernenabling them to target inspections and help ensure safer care for patients.Providers must provide PHIN with details of each episode of care, including a summary of each record of treatment including; the dates when each patient was in hospital, what treatment was carried out and by whom.Providers are also required to provide: patient satisfaction survey data, Patient Reported Outcome Measures (PROMS) – patient reported health improvements following treatment and details of any adverse events relating to the patients treated.Certain personal data will be provided to PHIN, including patients post code of residence. PHIN securely submits such data and records to information authorities such as:for England, NHS digital;for Wales, the NHS Wales Informatics Service;for Scotland, the Information and Statistics Division;for Northern Ireland, the Health and Social Care Board; andfor UK-wide mortality data, the Office of National Statistics.PHIN will only disclose records of care and personal data to the non-departmental bodies/authorities identified above, as required by law or where there is an overriding public interest, and /or to investigate or prevent fraud.  Data Protection Laws give all individuals the right to make a ‘Subject Access Request’ to obtain a copy of any information that any organisation holds about them (as set out in more detail below).  As PHIN cannot identify individuals from the data it holds, applicants would need to provide further proof of identity in order to access whether it is possible to access any information held. Further information about how PHIN uses information, including it’s Privacy Notice, is available at: www.phin.org.uk.Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and as a result it may be amended from time to time without notice. As a result we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly.Your contact informationIf you have any questions in relation to our privacy policy, please email us at info@scottishhernia.com or write to us at:R MolloyScottish Hernia CentreRoss Hall Hospital221 Crookston RoadGlasgow G52 3NQAdditional informationThe security of your personal dataWe protect all personal data we hold about you by ensuring that we have appropriate organisational and technical security measures in place to prevent unauthorised access or unlawful processing of personal data and to prevent personal data being lost, destroyed or damaged. We conduct assessments to ensure the ongoing security of our information systems.Any personal data you provide will be held for as long as is necessary having regard to the purpose for which it was collected and in accordance with all applicable UK laws.Personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Where we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we will ensure that there are adequate protections in place for your rights, in accordance with Data Protection Laws. By submitting your personal data, and in providing any personal data to us, you understand the basis for this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.All information you provide to us is stored securely.The transmission of information via the internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure.  However, we ensure that any information transferred to our websites is via an encrypted connection. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to minimise the risk of unauthorised access.At your request, we may occasionally transfer personal information to you via email, or you may choose to transfer information to us via email.  Email is not a secure method of information transmission; if you choose to send or receive such information via email, you do so understanding the risks associated with doing so. What third parties we receive data fromWe do not receive any data from third parties and we will not share your date with anyone else, other then in the process of direct medical care.SCOTTISH HERNIA CENTRESpecialist Hernia Surgery Private Hernia SurgeryRoss Hall Hospital 221 Crookston Road Glasgow G12 OPJPhone: (0141) 620 3687info@scottishhernia.comBook a Clinic Appointment   ClinicsMonday: 17.30 – 19:30Friday:    16:30 – 19:30 Landscape photography by Graham MacKay
Scroll to top
WP-Backgrounds Lite by InoPlugs Web Design and Juwelier Schönmann 1010 Wien