https://secure.myadhd.com/dreamaccount/index.php?page=static&content=privacy_policy&session_id=0eddab95b0ff9e60c84d626d09ebe56d
Home  |
Login/Register
|  Subscriptions |  Newsletter  |
My Cart
Assessment
Tools
Tracking
Tools
Treatment
Tools
Library
Tools
History forms and rating
scale to evaluate symptons
of ADHD related conditions
Brief rating scales to
monitor progress.
Over 100 Behavior Charts
and strategies to improve
behavior and communication.
Articles, research and links
to ADHD resources
Privacy Policy
This site is owned by Health Link Systems, Inc. This on-line privacy policy has been developed to explain our company's policy with respect to the privacy of users of this site. Please sure to read this entire privacy policy before using, or submitting information to this site. This Privacy Policy is designed to explain our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via this site.
Your Consent
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information according to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Health Link Systems Inc. reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes in the privacy policy. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Users Under the Age of 13
MyADHD.com was designed for use by parents, educators, health care professionals, and adults with ADHD. However, occasionally unintended users such as children under the age of 13 may visit this site. We will not knowingly collect information from site visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to Web sites.
Personally Identifiable Information You Provide
Our site's registration form requires users to provide us with personal contact information (name, address, e-mail address, etc.). We use this contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The only personally identifying information that we collect and store about you is the information that you choose to provide to us. For example, when you register to be a myADHD.com user we will gather your personal information necessary to sign you up for our products and services. We will use this contact information to send you information that we think you might be interested in regarding our products and services. This may include updates to our Assessment Tools, Tracking Tools, Treatment Tools, and Library Tools. We will also ask, but we will not store personal information that you provide to us about the healthcare professionals and/or educators who you designate for the purpose of receiving one of the myADHD.com tools.
If you are a healthcare professional you may choose to complete a profile form that authorizes us to post information about yourself and your practice on this site. this information can only be modified by you and is pasword protected.
How Personally Identifiable Information May Be Used
You may be given the choice to complete other forms and questionnaires that would be used by other companies that are our partners on this site or companies and contractors that we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions). It is our policy not to release any personally identifiable information without your permission. If you do not wish for Health Link Systems, Inc. to share your information, you may opt-out of the sharing, but this might mean that you are unable to take advantage of services on our site. Organizations with whom we do share your information are prohibited from using that information for any purpose other than for a limited stated purpose.
MyADHD.com uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (such as their email address) and financial information (such as their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the user when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products or services.
Passive Information Collection
As a user navigates through this site, certain anonymous information can be passively collected using various technologies, such as cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream). A "cookie" is a bit of information that a Web site sends to your Web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences. We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Your Internet browser automatically transmits to this site some of this anonymous information, such as the URL of the Web site you just came from and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using. This site may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information to provide better service to site visitors, customize the site based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends and otherwise administer and improve the site for your use.
User Choices
You may set your browser to: (1) inform you when cookies are being set before a cookie is stored; (2) not accept cookies at all; and (3) erase all cookies from your hard drive. Your ability to navigate on the myADHD.com site may be limited if you choose options 2 or 3.
• The user may choose not to provide Health Link Systems, Inc. with any contact information. This choice may limit you from having full access to services that are offered and you may be restricted in your ability to navigate our site.
• If the user would like to opt-out of receiving further information from Health Link Systems, Inc. or its partners, send an e-mail to info@myADHD.com. Please include your name and e-mail address in the body of the e-mail and reference "Remove" on the subject line.
•
If the user would like to change or modify information you have previously provided us, please send a detailed e-mail to info@myADHD.com
If you have questions about this privacy statement or the practices and services of
myADHD.com, please contact info@myADHD.com.
We take every precaution to protect your information from accidental disclosure and intrusion by third parties. The Subscriber Administration Page has been set-up to be totally secure from the client through to the server. Login to the account and all activity in the account itself is protected via Thawte-signed 1024-bit Secure Site License (SSL). SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer, a technology for managing the security of online message transmission. SSL encrypts or scrambles any information sent from your browser to the server you are connected to, making it impossible to intercept or steal information on the way. This means that all data to and from myADHD.com is highly encrypted so that no one can snoop on the information unless they are looking over your shoulder. When information is submitted in our Subscriber Administration forms, the data is saved in a MySQL database in encrypted form, so even snoops on the server end cannot determine what answers you provided on the forms. Lastly, measures have been taken to automatically terminate logged-in sessions after ten minutes of inactivity and will require the member to log in again.
If you have any questions about the security at this site, you can send an e-mail to info@myADHD.com.
Third Party Links
MyADHD.com may contain links or references to other sites. Health Link Systems, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites. Visitors to these linked sites should read the privacy statements of each and every site that they visit.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever totally secure or error-free. It is your responsibility to safeguard passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site. If you have any questions about the security at this site, you can send an e-mail to info@myADHD.com or contact us as follows:
HIPAA
The law known as HIPAA stands for the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. Congress passed this landmark law to provide consumers with greater access to health care insurance, to protect the privacy of health care data, and to promote more standardization and efficiency in the health care industry. Under this rule, health plans, payers, clearinghouses, and certain health care providers must establish procedures and mechanisms to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic Protected Health Information (PHI). Most covered entities will have two full years until April 21, 2005 -- to comply with the standards; small health plans will have an additional year to comply.
Health Link Systems, Inc. believes it has taken reasonable and prudent steps to make certain that health information transmitted and stored on the myADHD.com is secure (see above descriptions pertaining to security features), that the sever is safe from environmental hazards, intrusion and electronic failure, that the management of the security measures is adequate, and that protected health information is accessible to our subscribers. It is the obligation of HIPAA covered entities using the site to also make certain that access to their private myADHD.com account is protected (i.e. passwords kept private), that appropriate log-off procedures are used, that hard copies of health information are printed as back-up in the event of failure of electronic systems, and that any information transmitted by them is being sent correctly with steps taken to ensure appropriate authorization to do so.Health Link Systems, Inc.MyADHD.com3150
Weston, FL 33331info@myadhd.com
Support  |
FAQs  |
Privacy Policy  |
Acceptable Use  |
Newsletter  |
Contact
Copyright @ myADHD All Rights Reserved
Websites by The Big Brain