https://secure.nouvant.com/umn/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
University of Minnesota Technology Commercialization Office contracts with Nouvant to provide a Portfolio website and additional networking and licensing features across the Nouvant platform.
Nouvant
Personal Information
Nouvant collects certain required and voluntary personal information from visitors who wish to send inquiries, receive technology subscription emails, or license technologies. Nouvant stores this information on its servers and may share this data with University of Minnesota Technology Commercialization Office via their access to the Nouvant software application or by some other form, such as written reports or by email. How University of Minnesota Technology Commercialization Office uses this data is governed by their organization's own policies. Nouvant will only use this information on behalf of University of Minnesota Technology Commercialization Office and not for Nouvant's own or other purposes.
Traffic Data
Nouvant also collects traffic data from across the Nouvant platform, including HTTP headers and browser cookies of visitors. Nouvant reserves the right to share traffic data specific to University of Minnesota Technology Commercialization Office with that organization. Nouvant also reserves the right to share anonymous aggregates and compilations of traffic data for the purposes of marketing, software performance testing and reporting, and market analysis. If any personal information is associated with traffic data it will be treated as personal information.
Browser Cookies
Like many sites, Nouvant uses browser cookies to maintain a persistent session for visitors across the Nouvant platform and for traffic data collection purposes.
University of Minnesota Privacy PolicyThe policy of
the University of Minnesota's administrative and collegiate web sites is to
respect and protect the privacy of the students, staff, faculty, and other users
to the extent permitted by law.  The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This
information is only used to fulfill your specific
request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner; for example,
to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Distribution of
Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other
companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:
(1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent
actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating
fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these
companies for marketing purposes.Other WebsitesThis web site
contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the University of Minnesota
is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage
our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy
statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable
information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by
this web site.
Powered by