https://senseofsecurity.org/how-to-help/other-ways-to-give/
Skip to main content
MENU
Who We Are
Mission & History
Why We Exist
FAQ
Supporter & Sponsors
Board & Staff
Financials
Contact Us
What We Do
Programs
Applications
Statistics
Program FAQ
Testimonials
How To Help
Make a Donation
Donate Now
Honorary & Memorial Gifts
Workplace Giving
Colorado Gives Day 2020
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving/Bequests
Donate an Automobile
In Loving Memory of Christine Howard
In Loving Memory of Vicki Tosher
News & Events
Newsroom
Event Calendar
DISTINCTLY COLORADO 2020
Join Our Mailing List
Archived Press Links
CLOSE
En Español
Donate Now
Facebook
Make a Legacy Gift
Those unable to make a major gift to their favorite charity during their lifetimes can easily do so through their estates. Most legacy gifts are made through wills, living trusts, beneficiary designations on IRAs, 401(k)s, and other financial and investment instruments.
The donation of a legacy gift fulfills your philanthropic wishes that costs nothing during your lifetime. Best of all, you and your loved ones benefit from present-day gift planning, allowing donors to make an impact while fulfilling their charitable goals.
Many individuals and families here in Colorado give back to the community by making a legacy gift—a charitable gift made from your estate or financial planning—to Sense of Security. It’s a great way to create a legacy and express your spirit of philanthropy. Planned gifts such as stocks, real and personal property, interests and assets of value can provide a variety of benefits for you:
Fulfill your charitable goals
Reduce your taxes
Increase your income
Avoid estate tax
Design a charitable gift to reflect your special interests
Leave a legacy of hope and opportunity today for a brighter future
With thoughtful planning, you create a win-win for you and for the community, leaving a legacy of hope and opportunity today for a brighter future for many generations to come.
MAKE A PLANNED GIFT
WE CAN HELP – Talk with Tim Taravella at 303-669-3113 or via ttaravella@senseofsecurity.org to learn more. Planned gifts have legal aspects, so please consult with your attorney, accountant or financial advisor about your donation plans.
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving/Bequests
Donate an Automobile
ProgramsWe provide a Sense of Security from financial hardship and enhance the quality of life for Coloradan breast cancer patients in treatment. Take a look.
EventsEvents raise awareness and generate crucial resources to serve our grantees. Find out more
VolunteerImprove your community by joining our cause. You'd be surprised at what a huge difference a little bit of your time can make.
Read more.
Ameriprise
McGeady Becher
Women's Imaging Center
Cancer League of Colorado
Windish RV Center
Incredibles Logo
Pliny the Younger
Elite Brands of Colorado
Falling Rock
Brownstein
Summit Mortgage
Coldwell Banker