https://senseofsecurity.org/how-to-help/other-ways-to-give/donate-an-automobile.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Who We Are
Mission & History
Why We Exist
FAQ
Supporter & Sponsors
Board & Staff
Financials
Contact Us
What We Do
Programs
Applications
Statistics
Program FAQ
Testimonials
How To Help
Make a Donation
Donate Now
Honorary & Memorial Gifts
Workplace Giving
Colorado Gives Day 2020
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving/Bequests
Donate an Automobile
In Loving Memory of Christine Howard
In Loving Memory of Vicki Tosher
News & Events
Newsroom
Event Calendar
DISTINCTLY COLORADO 2020
Join Our Mailing List
Archived Press Links
CLOSE
En Español
Donate Now
Facebook
Vehicles for Charity Wondering what to do with your used car or truck? Donating your old vehicle to Sense of Security, is convenient, easy, and may qualify you for a tax deduction. And best of all, your donation of a used car or truck will make a big difference in supporting Sense of Security.
Why not donate your vehicle today?  All you need to do is to complete our simple online form or call 1-866-628-2277 and we’ll take care of the rest. Our partner Vehicles for Charity will pick up your vehicle, arrange to have your donation towed, and provide you with a tax-deductible receipt, all at no charge to you.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
General Questions
What are the benefits of donating my car to Sense of Security
Sense of Security benefits by receiving a cash donation to fund new and existing programs and increase community awareness through local events.
You benefit by being able to reduce your taxable income when taxes are itemized. Plus you avoid the costs associated with selling your car. No need to pay for advertising, no loss of privacy and possible security risk, and no need to pay for vehicle registration, insurance, and repairs to keep your car in running condition while you wait for a buyer.
Does my car have to be running to donate it?
In some cases we can take your car, running or not. However, it must have an engine and be tow-able. Contact a representative at 1 866 628 2277 to find out if your vehicle qualifies for pick-up.
Do you only accept cars for donation?
Many types of motor vehicles are accepted including boats, motorcycles, trucks, and cars. If you are uncertain as to whether or not your vehicle is eligible, please contact the vehicle donation program toll free at 1 866 628 2277
How long will it take to pick up my vehicle?
We make donating your car as simple and convenient as possible. A tow company will contact you within two to three business days. Call our representatives at 1 866 628 2277
Do I have to be with the vehicle at the time of pick-up?
No. Special arrangements can be made by calling our representative.
What paperwork do I need?
The only paperwork needed is a signed, clear title. Have your title with you when you call-in your donation. [Please note: a clear title indicates the title is in the name of the donor without a lien].
Do I need a smog certificate in order to donate my car?
For states that require smog certificates or safety inspections, you may donate your vehicle without these documents.
Tax Questions
How does the new law affect my tax deduction?
Donors are no longer responsible for determining the deductible value of their donation. Instead, they will receive IRS Form 1098-C, Contributions of Motor Vehicles, Boats, and Airplanes if the proceeds from the sale exceed $500, stating the amount of the gross proceeds from the sale of the donated vehicle. The amount listed on IRS Form 1098-C, Contributions of Motor Vehicles, Boats, and Airplanes will be the gross proceeds of the deductible donation.
Will I get a tax receipt for my donation?
Yes, our driver will issue a tow receipt at the time of pick-up. This is not your final tax receipt unless the sale of your vehicle does not exceed $500. This initial acknowledgement will indicate your name as well as the year, make, model and condition of the car you are donating. It will be your only receipt if your vehicle sells for less than $500.
What can I claim as a deduction?
According to the tax law effective January 1, 2005, if the claimed value of the donated vehicle exceeds $500, the taxpayer is limited to the gross proceeds of the sale.
An IRS Form 1098-C, “Contributions of Motor Vehicles, Boats, and Airplanes” will be mailed to you within 30 days of the sale stating the amount of gross proceeds received from your car, provided your vehicle sold for more than $500 and you have submitted your social security number. This will be your tax receipt for your charitable contribution.
How is the value determined on the vehicle donated?
The value is determined by the gross proceeds raised from the sale of the donated vehicle. You no longer have the burden of determining the value yourself.
What if my car is valued over $5000?
Effective January 1, 2005, you are no longer required to have vehicles appraised. The value you may claim will be the amount of gross proceeds received from your vehicle.
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving/Bequests
Donate an Automobile
ProgramsWe provide a Sense of Security from financial hardship and enhance the quality of life for Coloradan breast cancer patients in treatment. Take a look.
EventsEvents raise awareness and generate crucial resources to serve our grantees. Find out more
VolunteerImprove your community by joining our cause. You'd be surprised at what a huge difference a little bit of your time can make.
Read more.
Ameriprise
McGeady Becher
Women's Imaging Center
Cancer League of Colorado
Windish RV Center
Incredibles Logo
Pliny the Younger
Elite Brands of Colorado
Falling Rock
Brownstein
Summit Mortgage
Coldwell Banker