https://senseofsecurity.org/how-to-help/make-a-donation/workplace-giving.html
Skip to main content
MENU
Who We Are
Mission & History
Why We Exist
FAQ
Supporter & Sponsors
Board & Staff
Financials
Contact Us
What We Do
Programs
Applications
Statistics
Program FAQ
Testimonials
How To Help
Make a Donation
Donate Now
Honorary & Memorial Gifts
Workplace Giving
Colorado Gives Day 2020
Volunteer
Other Ways to Give
Planned Giving/Bequests
Donate an Automobile
In Loving Memory of Christine Howard
In Loving Memory of Vicki Tosher
News & Events
Newsroom
Event Calendar
DISTINCTLY COLORADO 2020
Join Our Mailing List
Archived Press Links
CLOSE
En Español
Donate Now
Facebook
Since 2000, Sense of Security has seen a rapid increase in the need for its services. Hundreds of Colorado breast cancer patients each year find themselves with a tremendous financial burden while they are battling this life-threatening disease. Our resources are not yet sufficient to meet this tremendous need. We need your help!
To learn more about the ways you can help breast cancer patients throughout Colorado, click on the items listed below. (There are two pages)
Workplace Giving Partners
Community Shares #5186
A Colorado-grown community giving fund, Community Shares of Colorado has worked for 25 years to broaden charitable choice in workplace giving.
Rocky Mountain Combined Federal Campaign #24381
The Combined Federal Campaign (CFC) is the only authorized solicitation of Federal employees in their workplace on behalf of approved charitable organizations.
Colorado Combined Campaign #5123
The Colorado Combined Campaign (CCC) is a workplace giving campaign that enables Colorado State government employees to donate to charities that benefit Coloradans.
Page 1 Current Page
Page 2
Next Page
Make a Donation
Donate Now
Honorary & Memorial Gifts
Workplace Giving
ProgramsWe provide a Sense of Security from financial hardship and enhance the quality of life for Coloradan breast cancer patients in treatment. Take a look.
EventsEvents raise awareness and generate crucial resources to serve our grantees. Find out more
VolunteerImprove your community by joining our cause. You'd be surprised at what a huge difference a little bit of your time can make.
Read more.
Ameriprise
McGeady Becher
Women's Imaging Center
Cancer League of Colorado
Windish RV Center
Incredibles Logo
Pliny the Younger
Elite Brands of Colorado
Falling Rock
Brownstein
Summit Mortgage
Coldwell Banker