http://shareing-careing.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
SHAREing & CAREing
What We Do
Be a Friend to Your Mother
Prevention & Early Detection Lunch & Learn
Free and Low-Cost Mammography
Recovery Survivorship Program
Low-Cost & Free Wigs & Prostheses
Transportation Assistance
Low-Cost & Free Cancer Treatments
Patient Navigation
Individual Support
Make A Difference
Donate
Become a Corporate Sponsor
Attend an Event
Volunteer
Request A Prevention & Early Detection Lunch & Learn
Request A Be A Friend To Your Mother Program
Events
News
About Us
Our Mission
Our Story
Board of Directors
Staff
Community Partners
Testimonials
Awards & Press
In Memory of Janet Pope Sullivan
Contact
Contact
Donate
Volunteer
Subscribe
Request Cancer Support
Request A Lunch & Learn
Request A Be A Friend to Your Mother Program
Donate
What We Do - Be a Friend to Your Mother - Prevention & Early Detection Lunch & Learn - Free and Low-Cost Mammography - Recovery Survivorship Program - Low-Cost & Free Wigs & Prostheses - Transportation Assistance - Low-Cost & Free Cancer Treatments - Patient Navigation - Individual SupportMake A Difference - Donate - Become a Corporate Sponsor - Attend an Event - Volunteer - Request A Prevention & Early Detection Lunch & Learn - Request A Be A Friend To Your Mother ProgramEventsNewsAbout Us - Our Mission - Our Story - Board of Directors - Staff - Community Partners - Testimonials - Awards & Press - In Memory of Janet Pope SullivanContact - Contact - Donate - Volunteer - Subscribe - Request Cancer Support - Request A Lunch & Learn - Request A Be A Friend to Your Mother ProgramDonate
Terms of Use
loading...
Terms of Service for SHAREing & CAREing
If you require any more information or have any questions about our Terms of Service, please feel free to contact us by email at anna@shareing-careing.org.
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full and without reservation. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 [eighteen] years of age to use this website. By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, SHAREing & CAREing and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights published on this website and materials used on http://www.shareing-careing.org. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages, files or other content from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website in neither print nor digital media or documents (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website;
redistribute material from this website – except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution; or
republish or reproduce any part of this website through the use of iframes or screenscrapers.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organization.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities on or in relation to this website without SHAREing & CAREing’s express written consent.
This includes:
scraping
data mining
data extraction
data harvesting
‘framing’ (iframes)
Article ‘Spinning’
You must not use this website or any part of it to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without the express written consent of SHAREing & CAREing.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. reserves the right to restrict access to certain areas of this website, or at our discretion, this entire website may change or modify this policy without notice.
IfSHAREing & CAREing provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. You alone are responsible for your password and user ID security.
SHAREing & CAREing may disable your user ID and password at SHAREing & CAREing’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to SHAREing & CAREing a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to SHAREing & CAREing the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or SHAREing & CAREing or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
SHAREing & CAREing reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on the servers of SHAREing & CAREing, or hosted or published upon this website.
SHAREing & CAREing’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.SHAREing & CAREing makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph,SHAREing & CAREing does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
SHAREing & CAREing will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if SHAREing & CAREing has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit the liability of SHAREing & CAREing in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by the negligence of SHAREing & CAREing or its agents, employees or shareholders/owners;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of SHAREing & CAREing; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for SHAREing & CAREing to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that SHAREing & CAREing, as a limited liability entity, has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against SHAREing & CAREing’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect SHAREing & CAREing’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as SHAREing & CAREing.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify and undertake to keep indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of SHAREing & CAREing’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to SHAREing & CAREing’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, SHAREing & CAREing may take such action as SHAREing & CAREing deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
SHAREing & CAREing may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
SHAREing & CAREing may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with SHAREing & CAREing’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with SHAREing & CAREing’s Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New York.
About these website Terms of Service
We created these website terms and conditions using the TOS/T&C generator available from Privacy Policy Online.
SHAREing & CAREing’s details
You can contact by email at our email address link at the top of this Terms of Service document.
Please help us continue providing our vital cancer support services…
Donate Today
RESOURCES Donate
News
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© SHAREing & CAREing
Website Design by Zubko Media
CONTACT 45-02 Ditmars Boulevard
Suite 1016
Astoria, NY 11105
718-777-5766
SUBSCRIBE
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
X
SHAREing & CAREing Begins Phased-In Reopening
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy