https://sheenasplace.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Last Revised: February 12, 2020
Our Privacy Commitment
Sheena’s Place respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and protect the Personal Information (defined below) of our service users, donors, volunteers and other individuals (“You”), describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Privacy laws in Canada generally define “Personal Information” as any information about an identifiable individual, which includes information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person.
Your Consent
BY SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO SHEENA’S PLACE OR OUR AGENTS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS OR BY VISITING OUR WEBSITE (www.sheenasplace.org), YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AS PERMITTED OR REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAWS.  Subject to legal and contractual requirements, and reasonable notice, you may refuse or withdraw your consent to certain of the identified purposes at any time by contacting Sheena’s Place’s Executive Director. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you or continue to provide you with certain services or information which may be of value to you. If you provide us with the Personal Information of another individual, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such individual to enable us to collect, use and disclose such Personal Information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
What is Personal Information?
Canadian privacy laws define Personal Information broadly as any information about an identifiable individual, which includes information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person. For the purposes of this policy, Personal Information means information about an identifiable individual as defined from time to time in applicable privacy laws. Generally speaking, Personal Information does not include what is considered to be business contact information: your name, title or position, business address, telephone number, facsimile number, or e-mail address.
What Personal Information do we Collect?
The types of Personal Information that Sheena’s Place may collect about you includes your e-mail address, name, home/and or work address, postal code and phone numbers. Sheena’s Place may also collect anonymous demographic information, such as your age, gender, marital status, and program preferences.  Such information is used by Sheena’s Place to provide general statistics regarding the use of our services and to determine appropriate services.
Why do we Collect your Personal Information?
Sheena’s Place limits the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, both in the amount and type of Personal Information, to that which is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified within this Privacy Policy. We will identify the purposes for which your Personal Information is collected at or before the time your Personal Information is collected. In general, Sheena’s Place may collect, use and disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes:
a)      to register you for a group;
b)      to understand your needs and assist in serving you better;
c)      to send you information such as program brochures, newsletters, events information, invitations, updates or to invite you to recognition or information sessions;
d)      to administer your donation and contact you about renewal;
e)      to respond to your information requests;
f)       to thank our donors and, with their consent, to recognize their gift;
g)      as permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions;
h)      for any other purpose to which you consent.
To Whom do we Disclose Your Personal Information?
From time to time, Sheena’s Place may disclose your Personal Information to:
a)      service providers, including an organization or individual retained by Sheena’s Place to perform functions on its behalf, such as marketing, data processing, document management and office services;
b)      any other third party or parties, where you consent to such disclosure or where disclosure is required or permitted by law.
Where do we Store Your Personal Information?
Your Personal Information is stored in secured locations and on servers controlled by Sheena’s Place within Canada Sheena’s Place retains your Personal Information only for as long as is necessary in order to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or for as long as may be required to comply with applicable laws.
How do we Protect your Personal Information?
To help protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Information, Sheena’s Place employs administrative and technological safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of your Personal Information. If your Personal Information is sent to a third party for processing, we make sure, through our contracts with such third parties, that all of your Personal Information is kept secure. We also operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Your Personal Information is kept as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. We do not routinely update your Personal Information.  Access to your Personal Information is restricted to Sheena’s Place employees, trained volunteers and authorized service providers who need it to provide appropriate services to you.
Privacy and our Website
a)      Cookies – When an individual visitor accesses the Sheena’s Place website, we may use a browser feature called a ‘cookie’ to collect information such as the type of Internet browser and operating system the visitor uses, the domain name of the website from which the visitor came, date and duration of the visit, number of visits, average time spent on our website, pages viewed and number of cookies accumulated.  A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that identifies the visitor’s browser, but not necessarily the visitor, to our computers each time our website is visited.  Unless a visitor specifically informs us (e.g. by registering for a group or an event or sending us correspondence from the website), we will not know who the individual visitors are. In addition to the identified purposes described in our Privacy Policy, we may use this website information and share it with other organizations with which we have a commercial relationship to measure the use of our website, to improve the functionality and content of the website and to facilitate usage by a visitor. Visitors can reset their browsers either to notify them when they have received a cookie or refuse to accept cookies. However, if a visitor refuses to accept cookies, he or she may not be able to use some of the features available on our website.
b)      Online Communications – In order to provide our website visitors with a service or information, visitors may voluntarily submit Personal Information to us for purposes such as asking a question, obtaining information, reviewing or downloading a publication or participating in a seminar or other event.  If you are known to Sheena’s Place as a registered user of an online service, we may combine and store Personal Information about your use of our website and the online information you have provided with certain other online and offline information we may have collected.
c)      E-Mail Communications – Occasionally, if we have previously received your consent to do so, we may send marketing or promotional e-mail communications to you with information that may be useful, including information about Sheena’s Place and other third parties with whom we have a relationship.  We will include instructions on how to unsubscribe and inform us of preferences if you decide you do not want to receive any future marketing or promotional e-mails from Sheena’s Place.
d)      Links – Our website may contain links to other websites which are provided as a convenience only.  Visitors are advised that other third party websites may have different privacy policies and practices than Sheena’s Place, and Sheena’s Place has no responsibility for such third party websites.
How can you Obtain Access to Your Personal Information?
It is important that the Personal Information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Personal Information changes. By law you have the right to request access to and to correct the Personal Information that we hold about you. Access or correction requests should be sent to Sheena’s Place’s Executive Director using the contact information outlined below.
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access, and to provide you with the personal information that we hold about you or make your requested changes. Applicable law may allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all of the personal information that we hold about you, or we may have destroyed, erased, or made your personal information anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. If we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
How can you Obtain Further Information Regarding this Policy?
For more information on Sheena’s Place’s privacy practices, please contact our Executive Director, John Choi, at:
87 Spadina Road
Toronto, ON
M5R 2T1
Tel: (416) 927-8900, x230
Email: jchoi@sheenasplace.org
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Sheena’s Place reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we make a change to this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes on our website at www.sheenasplace.org and make such revised policy and changes available upon request to the Sheena’s Place Executive Director. However, Sheena’s Place will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if it seeks to collect, use or disclose your Personal Information for purposes other than those for which your consent is obtained unless otherwise required or permitted by law.