http://sls.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This website is a free service provided by the Society of Laparoscopic & Robotic Surgeons (SLS), a 501C3 organization incorporated in the State of Florida with its offices in Miami, Florida.
SLS.org (“the site”) does not collect personally identifiable information from most visitors. Only users who wish to receive materials, newsletters, or wish to contact or join SLS, or register for its activities are asked to provide personally identifiable information, which is entirely voluntary. In only that case do we use personally identifiable information, and its use is strictly limited to conducting communications with the user or to provide the requested materials.
The site may use cookies to anonymously monitor the movements of visitors while browsing the site or to store preferences for interactive portions of the site. This information is used for internal analysis only, and cannot be used to track visitors after leaving the site, or to contact them in any way.
Personal Data / Information You Provide:
To join SLS or to be added to the SLS database you will be required to give SLS certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, first and last name, address, city, state/province, zip/postal code, and country. This information may be used to contact you with marketing or promotional materials, information that may be of interest to you, updates, or transactional messages (such as receipts, renewal reminders, registration confirmations). You may opt-out of receiving any of these communications by following the unsubscribe link provided in the footer of all emails sent. Please note: If you opt out of receiving email communications, you will still receive certain transactional email notifications (such as payment receipts, conference registration confirmations) and information about products and services we are providing (such as automatic notification of expiring membership).
Tracking and Cookies Data
Cookies are used on our site to track data and hold certain information. Current members are asked once per year to agree to the use of cookies. Members who do not agree to the use of cookies will automatically be logged out of the site and and access to the site will be suspended. To have service restored if it has been suspended, members must contact Info@SLS.org. Expired members, members who are not logged into the site, and non-members will be asked to provide consent for the use of cookies each time they access the site. The cookie is valid for that current session and will expire when the browser is closed or when the user clears cookies from their browser. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of the site.
Use of Data
SLS Members are automatically enrolled in the “Find A Surgeon” service on the website. This information is publicly accessible and provides users with the name, city, state, phone, and fax numbers of members. Email addresses are also available if the member has requested that information be made public. You can remove yourself from the “Find A Surgeon” feature by logging into your profile and changing the access to “No” or by contacting Info@SLS.org and requesting to be removed from the service. Profile information is available to other members unless your information is set to “Private”. Current members can modify their setting to private when logged into their record or by contacting Info@SLS.org and requesting that all their information be set to private.
Current members can manage their data by logging into their profile or by contacting the SLS office at Info@SLS.org. Non-Members can manage their data by contacting the SLS office at Info@SLS.org.
Information you have shared with others (e.g. comments, photos, messages) may continue to be publicly visible on the site even after your account has been made private or removed.
Due to site back-up procedures, residual copies of your personal information may not be removed from our backup system for a limited period of time.
Contact information may be used to contact members and non-members with news, special offers, information about conferences and events, and other items that may be of interest. You can opt-out of this type of email communication via the unsubscribe link included in the footer of every email.
Data Protection Rights Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
Residents of the European Union (EU) have certain data protection rights. SLS aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your personal information. SLS will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in the privacy policy. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligation, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
If you are from the EU, SLS ‘s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this privacy policy depends on the personal data collected and the specific context in which we collect it. SLS may process your personal data because you have given us permission to do so, for payment processing purposes, to comply with the law, or if the processing is in our legitimate interests and is not overridden by your rights.
You have the right to have your information corrected if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your personal information that we possess in a readable format. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where SLS relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Withdrawal of Consent
Consent may be withdrawn at any time. If you are unable to access, update, or delete your information yourself, please contact Info@SLS.org so that we can assist you.
Third Party Service Providers
SLS may employ or contact with third parties to facilitate certain services and/or to provide certain services on our behalf. These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purpose.
Payments
SLS may provide you with paid products or services. We use third party services for payment processing. Your payment details are provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy. Our payment processor complies with PCI-DSS requirements to help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Security
If you use a log-in and password to access this site, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. If you suspect that your login and/or password have been lost or stolen, contact us at Info@SLS.org and we will assist you in changing your site credentials.
Information Sharing with Third Parties
We may review, scan, or analyze your use of the Site for investigation, product development, research, and customer support purposes. We do not review, scan, or analyze your information to send third party marketing messages to you, and we will not sell this information or analyses of your communications. General site usage information may be presented in aggregate reports. User profile information including comments and photos you shared may be available to third parties. Member Contact Information (excluding email addresses) may be purchased by third parties. These third parties have limited access to your information and are contractually bound to protect and to use it only for the purposes for which it was disclosed and consistent with this Privacy Policy. They are not authorized to share or use such information for any other purpose. We may, upon occasion, send an email on behalf of a third party. SLS will never provide or sell your email address to a third party.
Links to Other Sites
Our website and communications may contain links to other sites that are not operated by SLS. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We advise you to review the privacy policy of every site that you visit.
Changes to SLS’s Privacy Policy
SLS reserves the right to update our privacy policy. Privacy policy updates will be posted on this page. By continuing to access this site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.
Contact Us
You can contact us via email at Info@SLS.org, via telephone at (305) 665-9959, or via fax at (305) 667-4123.
Upcoming SLS Meetings Virtual SLS MIS 2021
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are used for visitor analysis, others are essential to making our site function properly and improve the user experience. By using this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Click Accept to consent and dismiss this message or Deny to leave this website. Continuing to browse the website without selecting one of these options will automatically cause acceptance of the use of cookies. Read our Privacy Policy for more.AcceptDeny