http://slss.org.sg/privacy-policy/
ops@slss.org.sg
Home
About SLSS
Our Profile & History
Profile
Society
Constitution
Office Bearers/Officials
Affiliates/Associates
List of Lifesaving Instructors, Teachers and Examiners
SLSS Membership
Honours
SLSS Personal Data Protection Policy
Noticeboard
Services
Courses
Awards Syllabus
Item Price List
Rental Price List
Application Form
Booking & Examination Fee List
Gallery
24th Annual Lifesaving Seminar 2017
30th Lifesaving Instructor Course 2017
40th National Championship 2017-Open Water
Open Water Clinic – July 2017
Activity
Events
Membership
Publication
Annual Report 2018
Financial Report 2018
Newspaper Articles
2019
RESCUER Publications
RESCUER Publications Jul-Sep’17
RESCUER Publications Oct-Dec’17
Contact Us
Useful Links
Singapore
National Council of Social Services
National Water Safety Council
Sport Singapore
Overseas
Royal Life Saving Society
Royal Life Saving Society Commonwealth
Facebook page
International Life Saving Federation
Privacy Policy
The Singapore Life Saving Society (“SLSS”) is committed to protecting the personal data and privacy of users of its website in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”). This privacy policy applies only to information collected through submission via email/online transmission and/or hardcopy mailing to SLSS office. This privacy policy describes the way this website collects, uses, discloses and protects the personal data of users and outlines our obligations in respect of the personal data collected. You may wish to know that:
1. We do not capture data that allows us to identify you individually if you are browsing this website
2. Any form of application received or send to us via email for which you provide us with personally identifiable data, we will NOT share your personal data with non-Government entities, except where such entities have been authorised to carry out specific Government services.
3. We will not disclose the personal data provided to any third party or make use of it for a purpose other than the purpose which Singapore Life Saving Society had engaged for. To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies.
4. The personal information (generally refer and limited to name, membership status, contact number [i.e. mobile phone]) which provided to the Singapore Life Saving Society may be disclosed to other agencies or individuals for the purpose(s) to facilitate necessary liaison on lifesaving examination and/or SwimSafer Assessment coordination.
5. This website may contain links to non-Government sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
6. For any materials on our website which may infringe the copyrights of a third party, we will take it down from the site as required by law. If you believe that a material on our site infringes a copyright, please send us a copyright notice and we will take it down if deems appropriate.
7. Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted at our website and, where appropriate, through email notification.
Please refer to www.slss.org.sg/SLSS Personal Data Protection Policy.htm for details of SLSS PDPA Policy.
For any enquires or feedback on our data protection policies and procedures, please contact our office on
Tel: 65 6299 3660 or email to slss@slss.org.sg.
Thank you
Singapore Life Saving Society
IMPORTANT NOTICE By accessing this website, you acknowledge declare and agree that:
a. The Singapore Life Saving Society (“SLSS”) shall not be responsible or liable in any way for any and/or all consequences that may be suffered by you as a result of using, or the inability to use, any materials or content on this website and no right of action shall arise as a result of reference to, or reliance upon, any information contained in, or omitted from this website.
b. In providing links to other websites or resources, the SLSS does not in any way endorse the linked sites or resources or their respective contents nor shall the SLSS be liable for any content or material from those sites or resources.
c. No information, pictures, logos or materials from this website may be reproduced without the prior written consent of the SLSS.
About Us The Singapore Life Saving Society (SLSS) is a non-profit organisation with a mission to promote lifesaving and water safety in Singapore. The SLSS is a charity registered under the Charities Act 1982.
UEN: S67SS0031B
Contact Us 21 Geylang Bahru Ln, Singapore 339627
Phone : 6299 0190 / 6299 3660
Singapore Life Saving Society
| Copyright@2017 |
Privacy Policy