http://snowdropfoundation.org/privacy-policy
Home
News
Events
Cause
Heroes
Snowdrop Scholarships
“Kleenex” Page
Get Involved
Newsletter Signup
Bling for Bravery
Friends of Snowdrop
More Friends
Snowdrop Honor Team
Who We Are
Board of Directors
Annual Report
Event Photos
Store
Wisconsin Chapter
Contact Us
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Snowdrop Foundation, Inc.
Updated June 14, 2009
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.  To make this notice easy to find we make it available on our homepage.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Snowdrop Foundation, Inc. website.  On some pages, you can donate or receive our news letter.  The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when you donate to the cause Snowdrop Foundation, Inc.  does not disclose to third parties any information gathered at this site.  Any personal information provided by you is used by Snowdrop Foundation, Inc. or one of our members to address your specific requests.
We may request and then use email and street addresses to notify you of updates, services, or upcoming events. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you and opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put n place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making correction
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , encounter problems, or wish to make a comment or suggestion, please call us at 713-232-9051 or send us an email to trish@snowdropfoundation.org
Share this:TweetEmailPrintAbout Snowdrop Foundation
Snowdrop Foundation is dedicated to assisting patients and families at Texas Children’s Cancer Center through funding for continued research to eliminate childhood cancer and scholarships for college bound pediatric cancer patients and survivors. [Read More...]
Snowdrop Foundation, Inc.
7155 Old Katy Rd., Ste. N270
Houston, TX 77024
713-232-9051
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.