https://sociopathicstyle.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Phone:
Phone:
(512) 692-9220
Services
Professional Training
Facilitator Training
Support Groups
Cart ( 0 items )
Login / Register
Privacy Policy
The Sociopathic Style > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://sociopathicstyle.com and Sociopathic Style and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Sociopathic Style include https://sociopathicstyle.com and Sociopathic Style. The Sociopathic Style website is an e-commerce site. By using the Sociopathic Style website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Sociopathic Style may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
–          First and Last Name
–          Mailing Address
–          E-mail Address
–          Phone Number
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Sociopathic Style collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Sociopathic Style may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Sociopathic Style and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Sociopathic Style does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Sociopathic Style may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Sociopathic Style, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Sociopathic Style may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Sociopathic Style or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Sociopathic Style; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Sociopathic Style, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Sociopathic Style may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Sociopathic Style, in order to determine what Sociopathic Style services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Sociopathic Style to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Sociopathic Style. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Sociopathic Style website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Sociopathic Style secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Sociopathic Style uses the following methods for this purpose:
–          SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Sociopathic Style does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Sociopathic Style may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Sociopathic Style or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Sociopathic Style, you may opt out of such communications by the unsubscribe link.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Sociopathic Style reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Sociopathic Style welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Sociopathic Style has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Sociopathic Style at:
Sociopathic Style
6000 Shepherd Mountain Cove
Austin, Texas 78730
Email Address:
info@sociopathicstyle.com
Telephone number:
512-692-9220
Effective as of May 23, 2018
Close