https://socialinterestgroup.org.uk/terms-conditions
Looking for a job you can start quickly?
Apply now
Close
020 3668 9270
Search the page
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Hidden
Hidden
Hidden
Hidden
Close
Home
News & Blogs
News
Blogs
About us
Who we are
Our people
Mission, Values & Objectives
Governance & compliance
Our members
Our services
How we work
PIE
Services we provide
Work with us
Career development
Current vacancies
Benefits
Volunteering
Collaboration
Commissioners and Partners
Service User involvement
Our stories
Contact us
Introduction to terms and conditions
These terms of use govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms of use in full. If you disagree with these terms of use or any part of these terms of use, you must not use our website.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, we own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.??? Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms of use.
You must not:
Republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
Show any material from the website in public;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;
Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website;
Redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution (such as our newsletter).
Acceptable use
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent.
You must not use our website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.
Our site
We may update our site from time to time and may change the content at any time. We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up-to-date.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website and the use of this website including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill.
Limitations of liability
Nothing in these terms of use (or elsewhere on our website) will exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability, which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Subject to this, our liability to you in relation to the use of our website or under or in connection with these terms of use, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, will be limited as follows:
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free-of-charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature;
We will not be liable for any consequential, indirect or special loss or damage;
We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
Third party links
This website contains links to websites operated by third parties. The Social Interest Group does not operate or control these sites and is not responsible for any of their content. The existence of these links does not constitute an endorsement of the websites, nor the views expressed in them. Your linking to these sites is entirely at your own risk.
Photographs
Some of the photographs used on this site are of models and photographs may not portray actual events. Sometimes the names of service users are changed on the website to protect their identity.
Breaches of these terms and conditions of use
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms of use, if you breach these terms of use in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
We may revise these terms of use from time-to-time. Revised terms of use will apply to the use of our website from the date of the publication of the revised terms of use on our website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
We may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms of use without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms of use.
Severability
If a provision of these terms of use is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Exclusion of third-party rights
These terms of use are for the benefit of you and us and are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The exercise of our and your rights in relation to these terms of use is not subject to the consent of any third party.
Entire agreement
These terms of use, together with our privacy policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms of use will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to these terms of use will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Our details
The full name of our organisation is The Social Interest Group.
We are regulated by the Charity Commission.
Registered Charity Number: 1158402
Registered company number: 9122052
Our registered address: 1 Waterloo Gardens, Milner Square, London, N1 1TY.
Our VAT number is 194 6169 71.
You can contact us by email at: enquiries@socialinterestgroup.org.uk
Our website uses cookies
Social Interest Group uses cookies (and other techniques) to collect information about the use of the platform in order to analyse and improve, for the use of social media and to ensure that advertisements are relevant to you. Read more about our terms and conditions and privacy statement. By continuing on this site and accepting our cookies you agree to the collection of information on this basis by us and by third parties on the platform. Please customize your cookie settings below.
Accept