https://socialinterestgroup.org.uk/privacy-policy
Looking for a job you can start quickly?
Apply now
Close
020 3668 9270
Search the page
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Hidden
Hidden
Hidden
Hidden
Close
Home
News & Blogs
News
Blogs
About us
Who we are
Our people
Mission, Values & Objectives
Governance & compliance
Our members
Our services
How we work
PIE
Services we provide
Work with us
Career development
Current vacancies
Benefits
Volunteering
Collaboration
Commissioners and Partners
Service User involvement
Our stories
Contact us
Privacy Policy
The Social Interest Group is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Additional information detailing Data Protection practice, is available in a ‘Privacy Statement’; to request a copy please email us at info@socialinterestgroup.org.uk
The information we collect
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website. including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us including your title, name, address and email details.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email).
Any other personal information that you choose to send to us relating to our services.
Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
Your personal information may be used for:
Administration purposes of the website.
Improving your browsing experience by personalising the website.
Sending you email notifications which you have specifically requested.
Sending you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications).
Dealing with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
Legal basis for using your information
We may process your personal details, where we have your consent (e.g. you agreed to marketing communications), a legal need or contract, or a ‘legitimate interest’ for different purposes.
Consent – We will only send you marketing communication, if you have indicated that you are happy for us to do so, in your preferred way of communication. Where we have your consent to use your details for marketing, you can withdraw it at any time.
Legal need of contract – Where processing is necessary for:
The performance of our contracts to provide individuals with care and support.
Us to demonstrate compliance with our regulatory framework and the law.
The provision of social care or the management of social care systems and services as the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal data and special category data.
Legitimate Interests – Penrose, member of the Social Interest Group, has a legitimate reason including financial and administrative practices, service development and improvements and keeping you informed about the company’s business and new services.
When dealing with your personal information we will at all times comply with General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) (2018) and any other applicable legislation.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our business partners, employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law.
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Security of your personal data
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password-protected and firewall-protected servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information using the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information sent to us this way, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site.
Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use “session” cookies on our website. We use these cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third-party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
Third party cookies
We sometimes embed video content and photos from websites such as YouTube. Pages with this embedded content may present cookies from these websites. You should check the relevant third-party website for more information about these cookies.
Third party websites
Our website contains links to other websites and when you access any other website through a link on our website (including social media sites) you should understand that it is independent from us and that we have no control over that website or the way your personal information is collected through those websites.
This privacy policy does not cover the information practices of those websites.
Those websites may have their own privacy policies and we encourage you to look at those policies or contact the website operators directly to understand how your personal information is used.
Where social media sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn) may be used for advertising purposes (e.g. job vacancies, upcoming or past organisational events). We adhere to and follow strict advertising policies when using any platform and will not ever upload any of your personal data.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
Your rights
Under GDPR you have the right to request copies of your, certain, personal information held and controlled by us, and details of how we use that information; we refer to this as a ‘Subject Access Request’.
If you think any of the personal information, we hold about you is inaccurate, you can request for this to be corrected.
You also have a right, in certain circumstances, to require us to stop processing your personal information.
In relation to all of these rights, please contact us via email or write to us at the address below.
In certain circumstances (for example where required or permitted by law) we may not be able to provide you with access to some of your personal information, but where appropriate we will notify you of the reasons for this.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or would like further explanation as to how your personal information is retained, managed or used please send an email to info@socialinterestgroup.org.uk or by post to the Data Protection Lead:
The Social Interest Group 1 Waterloo Gardens Milner Square London N1 1TY
Please use the above details if you would like to make a complaint about our Data Protection practices, and if we do not resolve your issue to your satisfaction, you can approach the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/
Our Data Controller is the Director of Governance, Mr Paul Lynas and the full name of our organisation is Social Interest Group with ICO registration number: ZA363238
Our website uses cookies
Social Interest Group uses cookies (and other techniques) to collect information about the use of the platform in order to analyse and improve, for the use of social media and to ensure that advertisements are relevant to you. Read more about our terms and conditions and privacy statement. By continuing on this site and accepting our cookies you agree to the collection of information on this basis by us and by third parties on the platform. Please customize your cookie settings below.
Accept