https://sogh.ca/terms-of-use-and-privacy/
About
News
Donate
Contact Us
Manage My Schedule
Hospital
Wellness Institute
Foundation
Twitter
Facebook
Seven Oaks General Hospital | Terms of Use and Privacy
Your Visit to Seven Oaks
Your Stay at Seven Oaks
Urgent Care Patient & Visitor Guide
Maps and Internal directions
Food Services
Pharmacy and Gift Shop
Hospital Services
Diagnostic Imaging
Endoscopy Unit
Family Medicine
Indigenous Health
Kidney Health
Kildonan Medical Centre
Lab Services
Rehabilitation Geriatric Services
Spiritual Care
Urgent Care Centre
Wellness Institute
Wound Care Services
Volunteer at Seven Oaks
Well Wishes
About
Mission Vision & Values
Board of Trustees
Executive Management Team
Latest Media Releases
Working for Seven Oaks
Manage My Schedule
Daycare Services On-Site
Reward and Recognition
Bursaries
Medical Staff
Contact Us
Publications and Reports
Terms of Use
Seven Oaks General Hospital does not warrant the quality, accuracy nor completeness of any information or services made available on this web site. Such information and services are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. The Seven Oaks General Hospital web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Neither Seven Oaks General Hospital, it’s Board of Trustees, management, staff, or any of it’s affiliated enterprises shall be liable for any damages, claims, liabilities, costs or obligations arising from the use or misuse of the material contained in this web site or any web site to which it may be linked. Nor is any liability assumed for incompatibility, non-suitability, viral infection, worms, trojan horses, or other destructive or disruptive components on or from this site or any web site to which it may be linked.
No Healthcare or Medical Advice
Any health information provided on the Seven Oaks General Hospital web site or any web sites to which it may be linked is not intended for medical use above and/or beyond the instructions of a qualified physician or specific instructions received through other medical facilities. Any medical advice or guidelines available through this web site represents the opinion of the authors and should not be taken over specific instructions from qualified medical professionals. Specific medical conditions and procedures must be answered by personal physicians.
Trade Marks
The Seven Oaks General Hospital logo is a registered trademark of Seven Oaks General Hospital. Wellness Institute Institute at Seven Oaks General Hospital and the associated logo are registgered trademarks of the Wellness Institute at Seven Oaks General Hospital. All product names mentioned on this web site are the registered trademarks of their respective owners. The display of trademarks, trade-names, or service marks on this Website does not convey or create any license or privilege of any kind. Unauthorized use or exploitation of such marks and names is strictly prohibited.
Copyright Notice
This web site is protected under the copyright laws of Canada and other countries. All information contained within the Seven Oaks General Hospital web site has been developed by the Seven Oaks General Hospital, is the property of the Seven Oaks General Hospital and may not be reproduced, redistributed or modified for commercial purposes without the express written permission of the Seven Oaks General Hospital.
Privacy Statement
Seven Oaks General Hospital is committed to maintaining confidentiality, and privacy of your personal information in accordance with The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act of Manitoba (FIPPA) and your personal health information in accordance with The Personal Health Information Act of Manitoba (PHIA).
When you visit our Web site, we only collect information that is necessary for the operation and security of the Web site. The Web server automatically collects your Internet domain name or Internet Protocol (IP) address, which may identify you depending on the “naming standards” followed by your Internet Service provider. This information is collected so that we know how many people visit our site, the geographical region they are from, and which pages they view on our site. The collection of this information is in accordance with FIPPA. The information is maintained in statistical reports and individuals are not identified. This information is not used for any other purpose.
We do not use cookies on this web site and we do not disclose this information to any public bodies, trustees, agencies or individuals.
Before sending any personal information to Seven Oaks General Hospital, for instance by using the Well Wishes service or sending an email inquiry, please read the following information:
Personal Information
Personal Information under FIPPA is any recorded information on an identifiable individual. This can include, but is not limited to, an individual’s name, address, telephone number, age, identifying number, fingerprints, blood type, health care history, education, financial, criminal, or employment history.
Providing Personal Information to Seven Oaks General Hospital
As a visitor to this website, you are anonymous to the organization. There may be situations where you are requested to voluntarily provide personal information. All personal information collected will be kept confidential. We obtain this information only when you provide it voluntarily for a specific purpose namely responding to and processing your requests for information. Personal Information that you provide will not be shared outside of our organization except as required or permitted by law.
Transmitting Personal Information via the Internet
Users should note when using this web site that information will be transmitted over a medium which is beyond the control and jurisdiction of Seven Oaks General Hospital. Accordingly, Seven Oaks General Hospital assumes no liability for the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data transmitted in connection with this web site.
Seven Oaks General Hospital
2300 McPhillips Street
Winnipeg, Manitoba
R2V 3M3
Phone: 204-632-7133
Sitemap
Accessibility
Site Credits
Admin Login
Health Links/Info Sante
Health Services Directory Online
By using this web site, you accept these Terms of Use. Please read our Privacy Statement.
Copyright © 2012 Seven Oaks General Hospital, part of the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority. All rights reserved.
Questions, comments about, or problems using this site? Contact the webmaster.