https://speechtherapydallas.com/privacy-policy/
Providing Award Winning Speech Therapy and Reading Services to Children in Dallas, Texas
Privacy Policy
Dallas Reading and Language Services is required by a federal law known as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA; Pub.L. 104–191, 110 Stat. 1936, enacted August 21, 1996) to keep all health information confidential.
During the initial assessment, Dallas Reading and Language Services keeps a copy of the evaluation in a locked file which is considered part of your child’s health information.
Once your child begins treatment, our records will include a plan of treatment; subjective, objective and assessment information for individual therapy sessions (called S.O.A.P. notes); and re-evaluation or discharge reports.
A chart is kept with up-to-date information on your child’s progress as part of the services that Dallas Reading and Language Services provides. State and federal laws exist to protect the privacy of this information, referred to as PHI or Protected Health Information.
Disclosures and Uses of Protected Health Information
Treatment:
Our Speech-Language Pathologists will document in your child’s record his or her assessment results as well as regular therapy notes.
Related reports from other providers (which we have obtained through your permission) will also be a part of your child’s file.
Dallas Reading and Language Services will provide your physicians, or other related healthcare providers, with copies of various reports that should assist him or her in treating your child.
Payment of Services:
Dallas Reading and Language Services will use your child’s health information to receive payment for services from Medicaid or insurance.
Other Disclosures to Others Involved with your Care
Dallas Reading and Language Services may disclose with a family member, other relative, close personal friend, educational institution, teacher or any other person you identify on your HIPAA Waiver form, any health information that is directly relevant to that person’s involvement in, or payment related to, your child’s care.
This disclosure will only be done if you agree in writing, or do not express an objection to sharing the information with a specific party, when given the opportunity.
You have the right to request a restriction on the above uses and disclosures of your protected health information (PHI) for treatment, payment and health care operations; however, we are not required to agree to your request.
As Required by Law:
Dallas Reading and Language Services may also disclose health information without your consent or authorization required by law to the following entities or types of entities that include, but not limited to:
The federal Food and Drug Administration
Public health or legal authorities charged with disease prevention
Correctional institutions
Law enforcement, only as required by law or in accordance with a valid court-issued subpoena
Other uses and disclosures from your medical record will be made only with your written authorization or approval.
Dallas Reading and Language Services reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Families will receive updated copies of our Privacy Policy in the event that changes are made.
Click here to contact Dallas Reading and Language Services today if you would like to ask about our privacy policy related to your child!
Parents
Reading
The Downlow on Dyslexia
What is dyslexia? According to the International Dyslexia Association, dyslexia is a specific learning disability that is …
Parents
Reading
Sight Words and the 4 Alphabetical Phases
Sight words have been used to help young learners begin reading simple words. It is an easy yet effective form of helping …
Parents
Reading
Children’s books celebrating diversity
“These days, it seems more important than ever for books to show young people how to act with thoughtfulness, civility, …
NAVIGATION
Services
Speech Therapy
Teletherapy: Online Speech-Language Services in Texas
Online Tutoring and Individual Reading Programs
Evaluations
Free Screenings
Spring and Summer Camps!
Reading Services
About Us
Our Team
Contact Us
Careers
Careers
Graduate Internships in Speech-Language Pathology
Awards
Affiliations
American Academy of Private Practice in Speech Pathology and Audiology
Independent Therapy Providers Association
Forms Before our first session, kindly take some time to print and fill out the intake forms.
Intake Forms
HIPAA Waiver