https://spinabifidakentucky.org/how-to-help/wishlist.html
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission & History
990 & Annual Reports
990 Tax Reports
2019 990 Tax Report
Annual Reports
2019
Annual Report
Staff
Contact Us
About Spina Bifida
What is Spina Bifida?
For Expectant & New Parents
A Guide for Medical Professionals
Importance of Folic Acid
Resources
SB Clinics
Programs & Services
Newborn Outreach/Keeping in Touch Program
Play Pals
Financial Assistance Fund
Financial Assistance Fund - FAF
Education Awareness & Prevention Program
Growing Up with Spina Bifida
Giving Back Group
Adults with Spina Bifida
Education Series
Spina Bifida Awareness Project
News & Events
Blog
Event Calendar
Special Events
Walk-N-Roll
Holiday Parties
Join Our Mailing List
Newsletter
Stay Connected
How To Help
Donate
Volunteer
Wishlist
Wish Lists
Wishlist
Donate
Volunteer
Wishlist
The Spina Bifida Association of Kentucky needs your support to help us make our free programs and services possible.
We have two specific wishlists that contain items needed for some of these programs.  The Holiday Wishlist and the Newborn Outreach Wishlist
If you, or someone you know, would like to help purchase any of these items, please contact us by calling 1-502-637-7363 or emailing sbak@sbak.org.    Your help is greatly appreciated!
One of our favorite programs is our yearly Holiday Parties. We offer these in several areas of the state as a huge celebration of our families! It is one of the most popular programs for many of our families as it gives them an opportunity to connect with other families in their area. Every child receives a gift from Santa.  It is important to us that siblings be celebrated as well during these gatherings because spina bifida impacts the entire family. This program is a great way for us to reflect on all the great accomplishments of the past year and spread a little joy.
Purchasing a gift for our holiday parties is super simple with Amazon.  Your gift will be delivered to our office to be distributed at one of the holiday parties across the state.
Amazon Holiday Wishlist
For many families, newborn outreach is our first point of contact with a family affected by spina bifida.  SBAK receives a referral from the hospital, alerting us that a baby has been born with spina bifida.  At that time, we reach out to the family and set up a visit to the NICU.  Staff and newborn outreach mentors (parents that have children with spina bifida) visit families in the hospital; bringing a welcome gift for the family and baby and much-needed information and resources.
"For many, this happy and joyous occasion is also overwhelming and maybe a little sad.  At least it was for me.  I was so happy but also scared and sad and worried. It is so important to validate all those emotions, all anyone could ever hope for is a healthy baby, but when a baby is born with spina bifida there can be surgeries and an extended stay in the hospital away from your family.  I saw my 3-year-old daughter only twice in three weeks when her sister was born.  I was torn between two kids that needed me!"  (Newborn Mentor, Sarah)
We get it, our newborn mentors have shared those same experiences and this initial visit is the foundation for SBAK's ongoing support
Newborn Outreach Amazon Wishlist
Transcend logo
Norton Children's Hospital
WHAS Crusade for Children
BBB