https://spinabifidakentucky.org/how-to-help/donate/
Skip to main content
Who We Are
Mission & History
990 & Annual Reports
990 Tax Reports
2019 990 Tax Report
Annual Reports
2019
Annual Report
Staff
Contact Us
About Spina Bifida
What is Spina Bifida?
For Expectant & New Parents
A Guide for Medical Professionals
Importance of Folic Acid
Resources
SB Clinics
Programs & Services
Newborn Outreach/Keeping in Touch Program
Play Pals
Financial Assistance Fund
Financial Assistance Fund - FAF
Education Awareness & Prevention Program
Growing Up with Spina Bifida
Giving Back Group
Adults with Spina Bifida
Education Series
Spina Bifida Awareness Project
News & Events
Blog
Event Calendar
Special Events
Walk-N-Roll
Holiday Parties
Join Our Mailing List
Newsletter
Stay Connected
How To Help
Donate
Volunteer
Wishlist
Donate Today
Overview
Donate
Volunteer
Wishlist
It is only because of the generosity of others that The Spina Bifida Association of Kentucky (SBAK) can continue to serve, strengthen, and enrich the lives of those with Spina Bifida and those who love them through prevention, education, and advocacy.
When you give to SBAK, you are helping expectant parents to find encouragement and resources when their baby is diagnosed with Spina Bifida. You are supporting young families as we help them advocate for their children and navigate the mazes of medical issues, therapies, insurance, and school. You are helping us teach teens the skills they need to become independent. You are providing assistance for an adult to obtain an adaptive bicycle to stay in shape, or a ramp to make their home more accessible.
With your gift, you help those with Spina Bifida reach their full potential.
Any gift can be made in memorial or tribute to a special person or designated to a specific program.
SBAK is a 501c(3) organization. Federal Tax ID 31-1081176.
To make a donation, please click the "donate" button.
Transcend logo
Norton Children's Hospital
WHAS Crusade for Children
BBB