https://spondylitis.org/about-saa/privacy-policy/
Home
About SAA
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About SAA
Mission & Vision
Major Accomplishments
Awards & Honors
Annual Reports & Financials
Meet the People
Meet the Staff
Board of Directors
Medical & Scientific Advisory Board
Meet Our Founder
Partners & Sponsors
Careers
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Share:
Print Friendly
Spondylitis Association of America is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Spondylitis Association of America website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Spondylitis Association of America website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Spondylitis Association of America collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Spondylitis Association of America also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Spondylitis Association of America. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses. This information is used by Spondylitis Association of America for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Spondylitis Association of America website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Spondylitis Association of America public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Spondylitis Association of America does not read any of your private online communications.Spondylitis Association of America encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Spondylitis Association of America so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Spondylitis Association of America is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Spondylitis Association of America and Spondylitis Association of America family of websites.
Use of your Personal Information
Spondylitis Association of America collects and uses your personal information to operate the Spondylitis Association of America website and deliver the services you have requested. Spondylitis Association of America also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Spondylitis Association of America and its affiliates. Spondylitis Association of America may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Spondylitis Association of America does not share, rent, sell or lease its customer or donor lists to third parties. We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website or via telephone, email or mail, your information is protected both online and offline. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing, or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Spondylitis Association of America does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Spondylitis Association of America keeps track of the websites and pages our customers or donors visit within Spondylitis Association of America, in order to determine what Spondylitis Association of America services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Spondylitis Association of America to customers or donors whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Spondylitis Association of America websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Spondylitis Association of America or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Spondylitis Association of America; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Spondylitis Association of America, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Spondylitis Association of America Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a webpage server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Spondylitis Association of America pages, or register with Spondylitis Association of America site or services, a cookie helps Spondylitis Association of America to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Spondylitis Association of America website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Spondylitis Association of America features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Spondylitis Association of America services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Spondylitis Association of America secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Spondylitis Association of America secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Spondylitis Association of America will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company, customer or donor feedback. Spondylitis Association of America encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Spondylitis Association of America is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Spondylitis Association of America welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Spondylitis Association of America has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Spondylitis Association of America at info@spondylitis.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Input your search keywords and press Enter.
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings