https://spvs.org.uk/employers-helpline/
Employers’ Helpline
This confidential helpline has been set up in association with Citation to help SPVS members who are employers gain advice on employment law and HR issues.
At SPVS we recognise that occasionally there are employment issues that can become a problem and help may be needed.
The SPVS Member Employers’ Helpline is available Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm, excluding public holidays. In each membership year, SPVS members can call the helpline up to three times to receive free advice on a single employment issue.
Please note that any advice given is not guaranteed, and SPVS members who are existing Citation clients should continue to use the Citation service as normal. All advice is confidential and SPVS will not be informed of any individual facts.
To access the helpline phone 0845 844 4848 and advise that you are a SPVS member and give your membership number. You will be asked to supply your practice name, contact name and telephone number.
Unlimited, 24/7 access to Citation’s support
Citation’s mission is to support you to keep every single area of your business safe and legally sound.
SPVS members can become a Citation client at a special SPVS rate. This will give you access to the full suite of Citation services covering all aspects of HR and Employment Law and Health & Safety, plus fire safety, electrical testing, ISO certifications, and more.
Get in touch today, call 0345 844 1111, or click here to find out more about how Citation supports the veterinary sector.
Menu
Cancel
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
For more information on how we handle and store your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy statement.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes