http://stehlin.org/privacy-statement/
Skip to content [s]
Site map [3]
Home [1]
HomeReasons for HopeCurrent ProjectsCZ48: Extraordinary PotentialProstate Cancer Cell LibraryDSRCT - Sarcoma ResearchCole Owens' StoryMore Effective Heat Treatment for CancerDevelopment of an Improved Mouse ModelAchievements and MilestonesCamptothecinNude MiceLaboratoriesEducational Scholarship ProgramEligibility and GuidelinesOur TeamResearchersBeppino C. Giovanella, Ph.D.Dana VardemanConstantine Markides, Ph.D.Doug CoilLucy Liu, Ph.D.Tony KozielskiYang Wang, Ph.D.John MendozaGovernance/Board of TrusteesThe Friends of the Stehlin FoundationDonor Rights & PrivacyAbout the FoundationGuiding PrinciplesFounder ProfileAffiliationsFinancialsEvents2013 Friends GalaPurchase Tickets2012 Friends Gala2012 Friends Gala Photo GalleryYTAC Kickoff Party PhotosElaine Turner Event PhotosPreview Party Photos2011 Gala 2011 Gala PhotosGolfers Against CancerSusan's RallyBonneau Memorial Bowling TournamentNews/ResourcesFoundation Quick FactsCancer Research Q&ANewsletter ArchivesHelpful LinksContact Us
You are here: Home » Donor Rights & Privacy
Privacy Statement
Our Commitment to Donors
A strategic initiative of CHRISTUS Stehlin Foundation for Cancer Research is to consistently be recognized as one of the premier cancer research laboratories in the country. To that end, we will maintain the highest standards in our operations, striving to produce important, positive results for cancer patients and their families, for Foundation constituents, employees, and the worldwide scientific community. To earn donor confidence, the Foundation is committed to accountability and transparency.
Donor Bill of Rights
We support the Donor Bill of Rights:
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To assure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the not-for-profit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the Foundation’s mission, of the way it intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purpose.
To be informed of those serving on the Foundation’s governing board and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the Foundation’s most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgment and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donations is handled with respect and with confidentiality.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional and ethical in nature.
To be informed of who is seeking the donation and the solicitor’s relationship to the Foundation (i.e., volunteer or employee).
To be assured donor information will not be sold or shared with outside organizations except as required to process donations.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation or pledge and to receive prompt, truthful, and forthright answers.
This statement was adopted from the policy developed by the Association of Fundraising Professionals, Association for Healthcare Philanthropy, Council for Advancement and Support of Education, and the Giving Institute.
CHRISTUS Stehlin Foundation Donor Privacy Policy
The Foundation maintains the highest level of respect for the privacy of its donors. In furtherance of our commitment to honor your rights, we instituted a Donor Privacy Policy to guide our staff and volunteers on how they may and may not use your personal information.
What information we collect
We collect personal information from donors to process contributions and communicate with donors about Foundation activities, as well as to conduct the fundraising and other operations of CHRISTUS Stehlin Foundation. This information may include a donor’s name, amount donated, address, telephone number, donor comments, e-mail address, and any other personal information provided to us (referred to collectively as “Donor Data”). For donations by check, Donor Data also includes the data visible on the check.
We currently do not store data collected as part of standard web operations (including things like user agent strings, IP addresses, referrer strings, and cookies). We may use this data in the future to provide a better online experience for our donors. If collected, data will only be used for purposes described in this policy, including analytical needs and improved functionality of our website. We may make limited use of cookies, including third party cookies (such as from payment processors), to track sessions, help store data, and fulfill the purposes set out in this policy. You can prevent or delete our cookies by adapting your browser settings, although this likely will affect the functionality of the site.
Payment processors and other service providers
Payment processors allow donors to contribute electronically using a credit card, payment services account (e.g., PayPal), or other payment method. These processors collect certain information from donors, and you should consult their privacy policies to determine their practices.
To provide donors the best possible experience, we work with service providers and may provide Donor Data and other information to, or have it transmitted through, them. Such service providers include, for example, collocation facilities, bandwidth providers, and online database software providers.
How we use information
Donor Data may be used for these kinds of purposes:
Distributing receipts and thanking donors for donations
Informing donors about upcoming fundraising events and other Foundation activities
Internal analysis, such as demographics and analytics
Record keeping
Reporting to applicable government agencies as required by law
Surveys, metrics, and other analytical purposes
Other purposes related to fundraising operations
Unless otherwise stated, we do not share, publish, sell, trade, or rent Donor Data. Anonymized donor information may be used for promotional and fundraising activities.
Comments made to us by donors may be publicly published and may be used in promotional materials including our website. We may use available information to supplement Donor Data to improve the information we use to drive our fundraising efforts. We will allow donors the option to have their name publicly associated with their donation unless otherwise requested as part of the online donation process.
We use data gathered for payment processors and other service providers only for the purposes described in this policy.
Financial information
Our internal policy is to limit access to financial information to professional staff and volunteers who need to process that information for the purposes described above. Personal financial information is not sold to or traded with other parties.
We use partners to provide online payment processing services. Usually, the privacy policies of these organizations will be presented to you on their respective websites and typically also as part of your donation process. If you donate by credit card, we do not store your credit card information, bank account numbers, or other financial account data sent directly to those processing services.
What we will and will not send you
We will acknowledge your gift in writing and will provide a separate receipt for tax purposes upon request. We’ll also contact you periodically with Foundation news and information on fundraising events and activities. You may “opt out” of such communications by contacting the Foundation office at 713-659-1336 or development. The Foundation will not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations, except invitations and other communications related to the annual Friends of the Stehlin Foundation Gala.
Contact us
If you have questions about this Donor Privacy Policy or requests about the status and correctness of your donor data, please email development or write to:
CHRISTUS Stehlin Foundation
10301 Stella Link Rd Ste A
Houston TX 77025-5447
Security
We are committed to protecting Donor Data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Among other things, we undertake a range of security practices, including measures to help secure web access to sensitive data and undertake efforts to address security vulnerabilities for various tools and databases.
Other disclosures
We may disclose information when required by law; when needed to protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, donors, or users, and when necessary to enforce our terms of service.
Updates
We may change the Donor Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes will be reflected on this page. Substantive changes may also be announced through the standard mechanisms by which we communicate with our constituents. Please check this page periodically for any changes to the current policy.
Data retention
We retain Donor Data only as needed to fulfill the purposes described in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law or regulations. For example, tax laws in the United States and State of Texas regulations may require the Foundation to keep contact information and contribution levels of donors on file.
Rights
You have certain rights with respect to the information we collect about you. Upon request, we will tell you what information we hold about you and correct any inaccurate information. We will also make reasonable efforts to delete your information if you ask us to do so, unless we are otherwise required to keep it.
Scope
This policy applies to CHRISTUS Stehlin Foundation for Cancer Research. If you contribute to a separate organization that is raising funds in support of the Foundation’s programs, please be aware that the organization is independent and may have different policies and practices. However, we inform any organization that conducts fundraising where the Foundation is an intended beneficiary that we expect it to conform to the general principles set out in this policy. This policy does not address data from sources other than donations.
Last updated January, 2013
Share this Page
Stay Connected
Get Hope!
Sign up for our newsletter and updates.
CHRISTUS Stehlin Foundation for Cancer Research 10301 Stella Link Road, Suite A
Houston, Texas 77025-5447
713.659.1336
Affiliates and Resources
Copyright 2020
| Site Map| Privacy Statement| Form 990