https://stonehengetc.com/about-stonehenge/privacy-notice/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerMain navigationAbout Us
Stonehenge Philosophy
Strategic Directions & Reports
Our Team
Our Journey
Alumni
Privacy Notice
Human Rights
Client Rights & Responsibilities
Accessibility
Our Programs
Programs Overview
Residential Programs
Community Programs
Resources
Stories
Collection of Personal Health Information (PHI)
As part of providing our services, Stonehenge collects personal health information about you, directly from you, or from the person acting on your behalf. The personal health information that we collect may include, for example; your name, date of birth, address, health history, record of your visits to Stonehenge Therapeutic Community and the support you received during those visits.
Occasionally, we collect personal health information about you from other sources if we have obtained your consent to do so or if the law permits us to do so. We make sure that only those people who need to see your personal records are allowed to look at them. We protect your information through our administrative policies and by adopting appropriate safeguards and security measures.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Health Information
We may use or disclose your personal health information to:
Communicate with your various health care providers including your family physician and other health care institutions for continuity of care, in order to support and care for you (unless you tell us otherwise);
Compile statistics in order to conduct quality improvement activities;
Plan, administer and manage our internal operations, and conduct risk-management activities;
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements; and
Fulfill other purposes permitted or required by law.
We can assure you that only staff who need your personal health information for direct care or administrative purposes are authorized to access your record of personal health information.
Limits to Confidentiality
We will not reveal any confidential information about you to anyone outside your program or service without your consent except when:
You provide information concerning serious bodily harm to yourself or others (e.g. assault, suicide),
You provide information concerning child abuse
You provide information concerning a crime which has or will be committed
The information is subpoenaed by a court, or
You sign a consent form for information to be shared or sent to a third party.
For more information, comments, complaints or to access or correct your personal information…
If you would like more information or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, or if you would like to request access to your information, please contact Reception at our Administration Building, who will put you in touch with our Privacy Officer.
Stonehenge Therapeutic Community
Reception, Administration Building
Tel: (519) 837-1470  ext. 221
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario
2 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400
Toronto, ON  M4W 1A8
Tel: (416) 326-3333
Toll-free: 1-800-387-0073
Primary Sidebar Stonehenge Philosophy
Strategic Directions & Reports
Our Team
Our Journey
Alumni
Privacy Notice
Human Rights
Client Rights & Responsibilities
Accessibility
Find Us On Facebook
Recent Tweets
Tweets by StonehengeTC
Footer
About Us
Our Programs
Resources
Training
Contact Us
Careers
Donations
Where We Are
Stonehenge Therapeutic Community
60 Westwood Road
Guelph, ON  N1H 7X3 Canada
Contact Us
Call: (519) 837-1470
Fax: (519) 837-3232
Email: info@stonehengetc.com