https://stopwa.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted at stopwa.com. On some pages, you can make requests for information and/or submit an inquiry via email. Types of personal information we may collect at these pages are: Name, Company, Address, Email address, Phone number and Fax number.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself for follow up on inquiries for StopWa products/services. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and to notify current and prospective clients of new products/services or related industry news. If you would like to remove your Email address from our mailing list send an email message to joeb.johnson@stopwa.com. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to monitor interest in our products, improve our products, and improve the design of our website. It is our highest priority to respect your privacy and to encourage your trust and appreciation of StopWa and our mission.
Disclosure of Information
We do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online to any third parties other than a StopWa agent, except: 1) in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy statement, 2) when we have your permission, or 3) to comply with the law, warrant, subpoena, court order, or other legal requirements.
Testimonial Letters & Email
StopWa will occasionally publish the text, or portions of the text, of letters and Email we receive which are complementary, and exemplify our commitment to our clients. Anonymity will be preserved for all testimonials utilized.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Policy Change
We may modify this privacy policy at any time. All modified versions will be posted on this web page.
Social Treatment Opportunity Programs  Contact Us
Name*Phone*Email*
Address
Street Address
City
ZIP Code
Preferred Office Location*TacomaPuyallupKentSheltonAberdeenSpokaneMoses LakeQuestions and InputSocial Treatment Opportunity Programs cares about your experience with us. Leave us your input and feedback, and feel free to ask us any questions you may have.CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
Main
Corporate Management
Domestic Violence Survey
Mental Health Survey
Chemical Dependency Survey
Performance Improvement Plan 2018
Strategic Plan 2018
Employment Opportunities
Treatment Centers
Aberdeen Treatment Center
Kent Treatment Center
Moses Lake Treatment Center
Puyallup Treatment Center
Shelton Treatment Center
Spokane Treatment Center
Tacoma Treatment Center
Services
Alcohol Drug Information School
Anger Management
Chemical Dependency Treatment Program
Domestic Violence Treatment Program
DUI Assessments
Evaluations
Impact Panels
Mental Health
No Significant Problems
Social Treatment Opportunity Programs
Moral Reconation Therapy (MRT)
F.A.Q.’s
Helpful Links
Recovery Blog
Pay Online