http://swankmsdiet.org/privacy-policy
Swank MS Foundation
Home
The Diet
Get Involved
Donate
Volunteer
Community
Articles and Resources
Diet Stories
Recipes
Swank Forum
THANK YOU!
Kerry's Blog
Paula-Noel's Blog
Lily's Blog
About…
About MS
About the Swank MS Foundation
MS Diet Book
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Home/
The Diet/
Get Involved/DonateVolunteer
Community/Articles and ResourcesDiet StoriesRecipesSwank ForumTHANK YOU!Kerry's BlogPaula-Noel's BlogLily's Blog
About…/About MSAbout the Swank MS FoundationMS Diet BookPrivacy Policy
Facebook/
For Your Health, For Your Future
Privacy Policy
Home/
The Diet/
Get Involved/DonateVolunteer
Community/Articles and ResourcesDiet StoriesRecipesSwank ForumTHANK YOU!Kerry's BlogPaula-Noel's BlogLily's Blog
About…/About MSAbout the Swank MS FoundationMS Diet BookPrivacy Policy
Facebook/
We understand your concerns about privacy on the Internet and take them very seriously. All online donations, are processed through our PayPal secure account, and  tax receipts for donations are printable through PayPal. All other purchases or transactions are made through our secure Amazon, or Shopify portals.Key aspects of our privacy policy include:We never sell, share, trade, or disclose any personal information about a Donor/Volunteer.Our credit card processing companys are not authorized to retain, share, store, or use your personal information.
Internet User PrivacyWe respect the privacy of Internet Users and do not collect personally identifying information without the Internet User's permission.You may contact us regarding this Privacy Policy by e-mail or US mail.Some terms used in this Policy are:"Donor/Volunteer" - a person or organization that performs a transaction on our site."Cookies" - which are small pieces of information that are stored by an Internet User's browser on the Internet User's hard drive.Collection of DataWe do not collect Internet User identity or contact information from Internet Users' visits to our website. For each visitor to our website, the visitor's computer reaches us via a particular IP, (Internet Protocol), address. Our servers automatically collect this IP address.An Internet User's browser sets Cookies (when enabled) that contain small amounts of data on the Internet User's computer after a visit to any web site. Cookies assist us in tracking Internet Users' activities to facilitate easier navigation, data entry and retrieval, and preference tracking. By setting a cookie on our website, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our website.No information is obtained from the Internet User or Internet User's computer to generate the unique identifying number of the Internet User. Our servers automatically generate the unique number. None of our Cookies are used to perform "User Profiling".We do receive and record e-mail addresses of Internet Users, only in circumstances where the Internet User has voluntarily provided its identity and contact information through our website.Disabled and Non-functioning CookiesWe do not employ any technology or means of preventing an Internet User from disabling the acceptance of a Cookie. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but an Internet User's browser may be set by the Internet User to disable this function. Some Web browsers or similar Internet navigating technology may not support (or consistently support) Cookie technology. If Cookies are disabled or the Internet User is utilizing technology that does not adequately support Cookie technology, we shall not be able to record the Internet User's activity.Log FilesLike most standard websites we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.Use and Disclosure of DataWe do not sell or rent personally identifying information. We do not disclose personally identifying information to anyone that we are not authorized to do so. We use anonymous user data to create and report the browsing and/or form completion activities of anonymous users.Security MeasuresPowered by Squarespace. Please contact Squarespace regarding any security issues.SpamWe do not intentionally send unsolicited e-mail messages that could legitimately be construed as spam.Collection of Usage DataOur servers automatically gather information about which pages are visited within our website. We do not use that information except in the aggregate.E-mail ContentsWe will not read or disclose to third parties private e-mail communications that are transmitted using our services except as required to operate the service or as otherwise authorized by law.Improper ConductWe may also use customer identifiable information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens the network or otherwise violates the customer agreement for that service.Account InformationWe honor requests from customers for account information, for example, name, address, or billing information, and will correct any such information which may be inaccurate. Users may verify that appropriate corrections have been made.User ConcernsIf you are a user with concerns about our online privacy policy or its implementation, please contact us.E-Mail ListIf a user wishes to subscribe to our e-mail list, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Members of a mailing list may receive periodic newsletters and Urgent Action Alerts. Out of respect for our users’ privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communicationsCOPPAIf you are under the age of 13, we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.If you inform us that we have collected or received information from a child under 13, we will delete such information immediately from our databases. Our website is not specifically directed to children under 13. We shall not knowingly distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information erroneously collected from children under 13.Policies and Disclaimers for UsersYour access to and continued use of our website constitutes your acceptance, without limitation, of these policies and disclaimers.Any resale of this information or use for commercial gain is prohibited, except in accordance with a licensing agreement with us.Deactivating or deleting from databases by Donors/VolunteersPlease contact us if you no longer wish to maintain an account with us, or are unable to access your account. If we have such information, we shall not retain your name and/or e-mail address any longer than is necessary to perform the services that you requested from us.Copyright ProtectionAll materials appearing on our website are our property unless otherwise indicated, and are protected by United States copyright laws. Any reproduction or distribution, except for personal, informational use, is a violation of our copyright. If you would like to make copies and/or distribute the report, please contact us.You may link to our home page. You must contact us if you wish to link to any page other than the home page.Accuracy DisclaimerWe do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, quality, completeness, currency, or validity of any information on our website. All information contained on this website has been obtained from sources we believe to be accurate and reliable.We are not responsible for any errors or omissions. All information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. We do not make any representations as to the accuracy or integrity of the information. We disclaim all express, implied, and statutory warranties of any kind, including warranties as to accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. We will not be liable for any damages of any kind incurred as a result of the information posted on this site.Endorsement DisclaimerWe do not endorse, support, sanction, or verify the information or material that is provided on this site or linked to this site.DisclaimerRegarding Financial and Legal Advice: The information on this site, including but not limited to reports, newsletters, articles, and opinions is provided for educational and informational purposes only. It is not intended to provide legal, accounting, or tax advice and should not be relied on in that respect. We suggest that you hire an attorney, accountant, and/or financial advisor to answer any financial or legal questions.General DisclaimerWe are not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or any other damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or in reliance on the information available on the site. This includes any personal injury, business interruption, loss of use, lost data, lost profits, or any other pecuniary loss, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, even if we have been informed of the possibility.Response to Comments DisclaimerWe appreciate hearing from you. All efforts will be made to respond to your comments, but we cannot guarantee we will do so. Any response will be for informational or educational purposes only and will not constitute legal or financial advice. We make no warranties, express or implied, about the information in these responses.Policy ChangesWe may find it necessary or be legally obligated to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted at this site. Except as otherwise required by law, modifications to this Privacy Policy will not affect the privacy of data collected by us prior to the effective date of the policy change.
Consult a physician before embarking on this or any other diet. Every patient is different. Information on this site does not constitute medical advice or treatment. This site does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship. The Swank MS FoundationPO Box 82254Portland, OR 97282-0254email contact: fdn@swankmsdiet.org© 2015 by The Swank MS Foundation. All Rights Reserved.Header Photos by Cynthia Classen, Classen Design©Banner Photo by KKey©Powered by Squarespace