https://tama-do.com/store/privacy.html
Search
View Cart
Homepage
Tama-Do Academy
The Way of the Soul
Tama-Do History with the Light
Master Lineage
What Is Sound Healing
What Is Color Therapy
Energy and Chi Movement
Fabien Maman
Bio
Sound Cellular Research
Acupuncture with Tuning Forks
Tama-Do Sound Harmonization
Sacred Sound Instruments
Seasonal Harmonizing Concerts
Fabien Maman Visionary Movie
Terres Unsoeld
Bio
A Noble Hero's Journey to the Light, 8 Movies
Professional Certification
Sound Healing Certification
Color Therapy Certification
Qi Gong Movement Certification
Professional Practitioner Certification
Teacher Certification
Course Descriptions
Level I: Sound, Color and Movement
Shamanique Journeys
Shamanique Journeys of the Light
Shopping
Schedule
Community
Practitioners
What students are saying
Tama-Do Gazette (Blog)
Articles
Photos from the Field
Privacy Policy
(Effective date: October 5, 2015)
Your Security is important to us.
Our Golden Rule:
We treat you how we would like you to treat us.
None of your personal information will be shared with third parties for the purpose of solicitation.
We don't like being bothered – so we won’t bother you.
If you request information or register to be on our email list, or register for a class, we will send you:
Our school year schedule once or twice a year,
Maybe specific workshop schedules for your location,
And meditations, affirmations or something nice around the time of the 8 Power Dates.
If you don’t like hearing from us – let us know.
To unsubscribe, click here.
And thanks !
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”):
When you use our web site to place an order, register for or pay for one of our courses or sign up for our mailing list or request information, we will collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) such as your name, your contact information, your shipping information, and your billing information (such as credit card account data). Your PII will be used by Tama-Do Academy or our affiliates who provide services to us or perform functions on our behalf (such as processing credit card payments or taking orders) and have agreed to use your information only for the purposes we request.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Authorize.net to facilitate our credit card transactions. Authorize.net processes the credit cards and protects your privacy and information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts all your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Safeguarding your PII:
We have reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative measures in place to safeguard the security of your personal information. However, when you communicate with customer service via email, these communications may not be encrypted. For that reason, we ask that you do not share sensitive information via these communication channels.
Cookies: We may use “cookies,” “web beacons,” and other similar technologies to collect information in connection with the Tama-Do Services. A “cookie” is a computer file that acts as an identification card for your computer to distinguish your browser from others and enable us to serve you better. For example, we use cookies to save products in your shopping cart while you browse our web sites and to track the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns. Similarly, a “web beacon” is a technology that can recognize specific cookies and convey information about that browser. We do not use these technologies to collect PII. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. If you don't like cookies, you can set your browser to reject and/or delete them. For instructions, check your browser’s technical information.
Risk of Loss: Use of the Internet and access to the Tama-Do Academy website and On-Line shopping is done solely at your own risk. While Tama-Do has endeavored to create a secure and reliable environment(s), you should understand that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from the Tama-Do Academy website over the Internet or other form of global communication network is outside Tama-Do Academy’s control and cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, Tama-Do Academy is not responsible for the security of any information transmitted to or from the Tama-Do On-Line shopping platforms.
How we collect and use information from course registrations
We also collect PII when you pay for a product or course in person at one of our workshops, conferences or special events.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can email, write, or call us:
Tama-Do Academy
Malibu , CA USA
in the USA:
310-456-1014;
info@tama-do.com
outside the USA:
310.774.1307;
tamadoacademy@aol.com
Shopping Policy
-
Shipping -
Returns and Cancellations
-
Terms and Conditions
-
Privacy
© Tama-Do Academy - All Rights Reserved.
top of page navigation
Please contact us for registration and additional information:
In the United States:
Telephone: 310-456-1014
Fax: 310-456-5664
or Email: info@tama-do.com
Outside the United States:
Email: tamadoacademy@aol.com
JOIN OUR MAIL LIST
Tama-Do Academy is an international school with its home based in the United States of America.
We follow all law under the United States jurisdiction.
In cases of dispute, it is the English website which the Academy adheres to and finds binding, for all current protocols, rules and procedures of the Academy, and from which all other translated pages (French, Spanish and German) must follow.