https://tensionheadaches.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy and Terms of Service Policy
What we do to protect your privacy
Our privacy policy for our
website outlines for you how we collect, use, and protect the information your
provide as it relates to your personal data. By visiting our website (https://tenstionheadaches.com),
you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this website privacy
policy. Particularly, you consent to our collection and use of your personal
information as described in our website privacy policy.
Our policy as it regards to minors
There is no selling of
products or services to children. But we reserve the right to sell products to
adults for use by children. No matter what the intended end use of our products
is, only adults should purchase anything from our website. If a product we
offer is legal for adults to use or possess, no adult should purchase the anything
from us that is illegal for minors to use or possess.
If you are less than 18
years of age, you may only use our website with the permission, active
involvement, and supervision of an adult parent or legal guardian. I
f you are a minor, please
do not provide us or other website visitors with any of your personal
information.
This policy comprises a part of our terms of conditions and use
Our website privacy policy
is a part of, and subject to, our website’s terms and conditions of use. These
are available for viewing on this website.
Agreements regarding this policy and customers
If you are a customer of
ours, any agreement between us overrides this policy to the extent that there
is any conflict with the terms and conditions of the customer agreement.
An outline of the type of information we get from you, as well as interest-based
advertising.
By visiting our website you,
automatically tell us certain information. This includes basic information such
as your IP address, when you visited, the website from where you came prior to
visiting us, the website where you go when you leave our website, your
computer’s operating system, and the type of web browser that you are using.
Our website automatically
records this information.
Also, we may use cookies,
web beacons, click redirects, pixel tags, container tags, and similar
technologies. This means information that our website’s server transfers to
your computer, which can be used to track your session on our website and to
customize our website content for your individual use.
If you are using one of the
common Internet Web browsers, you can set up your browser to either (a) let you
know when you are being tracked by us or to (b) deny us tracking access to your
computer or electronic mobile device
If you download or use mobile software applications (“Mobile Apps”) from our website, we may know your location. Plus, your smartphone, computer tablet, or other electronic device using our Mobile Apps may provide us information about the device, including its unique identifier, make and model, operating system, mobile network carrier, as well as your telephone number.
Your mobile device may have
the ability to disable location services as well as deny us access to other
information described in this paragraph.
We may also collect any
data that you provide us by posting it at our website or by email to us. You
can always choose not to provide us with information, but if you chose to withhold
information, we may deny you access to some or all of our website’s services
and features.
Some transactions between
you and our website may involve payment by credit card, debit card, checks,
money orders, and/or third party online payment services.
In these kinds of transactions,
we will collect information related to the transaction as part of the course of
doing business with you, including your billing address, telephone number, and
other information related to the transaction.
How we use your information
We use the information you
provide to operate our website’s business activities. To that end, we may use
it to contact you about changes to our website, direct marketing (like new
products, website changes, etc.), to resolve disputes, troubleshoot issues, and
enforce our website’s terms and conditions.
If you download or use
Mobile Apps from our website, the information we garner about you could be used
by us to give you personalized content based upon your location and other data
you share.
If you do not want to share
your location via Mobile Apps, check the instruction manual for your electronic
device or contact your device’s manufacturer to see if you can turn off the
locator feature.
We typically will not give
your data to third parties without your permission. However, there are some
important outlined below.
At our sole discretion, we
may provide information about you to law enforcement or other government officials
for purposes of fraud investigations, alleged intellectual property
infringement, or any other suspected illegal activity or matters that may
expose us to legal liability.
Some government
intelligence agencies have the technological ability to access data from our
website without our cooperation, knowledge, or consent. Even if we were to
learn of such access, we may not be able to tell you because of national
security laws. With that in mind, we urge you to take this risk into account
before providing information to us.
Although we do not disclose
individually identifiable information, we may disclose aggregate data about our
website’s visitors to advertisers or other third parties for marketing and
promotional purposes.
Intermitently, we may use
third party suppliers to provide services on our website. If a supplier wants
to collect information about you, you will be notified. However, you will never
be required to give information to a third party supplier. We restrict the way
third party suppliers can use your information. We do not allow them to sell or
give your information to others.
If we sell our website, we
may transfer your information to the purchaser of the site. Upon completion of
such a transfer, we will no longer possess or control the data received by the
purchaser.
Do-not-track, Interest-based advertising, remarketing, and dynamic
ad serving
Do-Not-Track
We work hard to honor do-not-track
signals you send through your web browser when visiting us at our website.
However, please we urge you to read the following important information about
“Interest-based advertising,” “remarketing,” and “dynamic ad serving” so that
you understand the type of tracking that may be done by third party vendors
when you visit our site and how you can opt out of such tracking.
Interest-Based Advertising
When you visit our website,
you may view advertisements posted on the site by Google or other companies. These
advertising companies may collect information about you while you are visiting
this website. They may use this data to show you advertisements on this website
and elsewhere on the Internet about products and services you might like.
This website does not
collect the information or control the content of the advertisements that you
will see. It is possible you will be able to opt out of such advertising.
If you are in the United
States, you may opt out of some advertising via the Digital Advertising Alliance
at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
If you are in Canada, you
may opt out of some advertising via the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
at http://youradchoices.ca/
If you are in Europe, you
may opt out of some advertising via the European Interactive Digital
Advertising Alliance at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
To find out more about
Google privacy policies and its DoubleClick DART cookie used to accrue
interest-based advertising, go to https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ .
Protect My Choices
If you are using Internet
Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, or Google Chrome browsers, you may want to install  the “Protect My Choices” browser extensions
that can help you protect your opt-out preferences. To learn more, go to http://www.aboutads.info/PMC.
Remarketing
We  may use a remarketing tag to advertise online
on this website. This means Google and other third-party vendors could have the
right to show our ads to you on sites across the Internet. These third-party
vendors, including Google, may use cookies to present ads to you based upon
your past visits to our website.
If you want to opt out of
Google’s use of cookies, you can visit the company’s Ad Preferences Manager
at https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
Alternatively,  you can opt out of the use of cookies by some
third-party vendors by going to the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out
page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
Dynamic Ad Serving
Our website may use
Google’s Dynamic Ad Serving feature. To opt out of interest-based ads by
Google, follow Google’s opt-out instructions located at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en .
DoubleClick Remarketing
Pixels
Our website may use
DoubleClick’s remarketing pixels. If you would like to opt out of DoubleClick’s
use of cookies, you can visit the DoubleClick opt-out page at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout.
Your use of this website
without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to
provide you with interest-based advertising.
Usernames and passwords
Your access to some of our
website may be protected by requiring the use of a user name and password. So
DO NOT give your password to anyone. If you enter a section of our website that
requires a password, we urge you to log out when you leave. You should also
close out of your web browser completely and re-open it before viewing other
parts of the Internet as a safety precaution.
Regarding information and unsolicited commercial email
If you accrue personally
identifiable information about another website user, you are forbidden from
disclosing any of this data to anyone else without our consent, as well as the consent
of the user.
If you communicate with
other website users via our website (or by other means), such as third parties ,
they may have copies of your communications even if you delete your own copies
of such communications on our website and your electronic devices.
Finally, we forbid anyone
from using information obtained from our website about us or other site users to
send unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited commercial communications.
Your voluntary informational disclosure to third parties who are
not our suppliers
You may opt to provide
personal information to website visitors or other third parties who are not our
suppliers. However, we stress the use of caution in these instances.
The privacy policies and
customs of such third parties determine what will be done with your
information.
autoresponders
We reserve the right to use
autoresponders to communicate with you via email. However, to protect your
privacy, we use a verified opt-in system for such communications.
We will always give you the option opt-out of such communications using the links contained in each autoresponder message. If you have trouble opting out, you may contact us by sending an email to
dougzen123 at gmail dot com , or sending us mail to the address listed below.
Security of information
We work hard to keep your
information secure. If we become aware of vulnerability regarding your data, we
will attempt to promptly fix it in order to keep your data safe (when
economically viable).
However, with governments
spying online using sophisticated technology and data mining sites run by
hackers, no website owner can guarantee your information will be completely
safe from unauthorized access by others.
As a result of this unfortunate
reality, we urge you to please take these security risks into account before
giving information to us or any other website owner.
Retention of data
We will keep your data for
as long as we need it to provide you with products and services, comply with all
applicable laws, resolve any disputes between us or with third parties, and to
enforce any contracts between us.
Privacy rights in California
If you are a California
resident and our customer, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83 permits you to request
certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. To request this information,
please send an email to info[at]deckresearch.com or write us at the following
address:
TensionHeadaches.com
12121 Chamberlain Road
Aurora, OH  44202
USA
If you live in California, it
is possible that you have certain privacy rights under the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 to § 1798.199
(“CaCPA”).
Even though we do not have
a legal obligation to do so, we may respond to your requests
made per the CaCPA.
But be aware that, these
voluntary responses are not a waiver of our legal rights and obligations under
the laws of CA and US or the arbitration provisions found within our website’s
Terms and Conditions of Use.
Privacy rights as they pertain to the European Union
If you reside in the
European Union, you may have certain privacy rights under
Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the General Data Protection Regulation
(“GDPR”), to the extent the GDPR does not conflict with the laws of
CA and US.
And even though we do not
have a legal obligation to do so, we may respond to your
requests made per the GDPR. However, voluntary responses are not a waiver of
our legal rights and obligations under the laws of CA and US or the arbitration
provisions found within our website’s Terms and Conditions of Use.
Small Or Medium-Sized
Enterprise Status
We are a small or
medium-sized enterprise (“SME”). This means that because of the size of our
business, to the extent (if any) the GDPR governs our relationship with you,
some of GDPR’s obligations do not apply because we are an SME.
How To Make A Request
To make a GDPR request, please send an email to
dougzen123 at gmail dot com
or write us at the following address:
TensionHeadaches.com
12121 Chamberlain Road
Aurora, OH  44202
USA
We will respond within
thirty (30) days of receipt of your request.
Requests To Access Personal
Data
If we grant your request to
access personal data, we will: (1) confirm whether or not we are processing
your personal data; (2) provide you with a copy of any of your personal data
that we possess; and (3) provide you with information about how we process such
data (e.g. purposes, categories, recipients, etc.).
Requests To Delete Data
If you request that we
delete your personal data that we possess, we will do so unless: (1) the data
is needed to exercise the right of freedom of expression; (2) we have a legal
obligation to keep the data; (3) we must keep the data for reasons of public
interest; or (4) the data has been processed so that it is anonymized.
Any personal data we
processed unlawfully will be deleted. If you were a minor when we collected the
personal data, we will delete the data upon request.
If we believe any third
parties have acquired your personal data via us, we will take steps to inform
them that you have requested erasure of such data.
Objections To Processing Of
Personal Data
If your request is an
objection to the processing of your personal data for directing marketing
purposes, we will cease using your data for these purposes.
Typically, we will comply
with objections to processing personal data except: (1) where it is not
technically or commercially feasible to do so; or (2) we have a legal
obligation that overrides your individual rights and freedoms.
Portability Requests
If we collected personal
data from you because of a contract between us or based on your consent, and we
processed that data by automated means (in structured machine-readable format),
you can request that data be transmitted by us to another company or
organization.
We will provide such data
to the recipient third party in a commonly used open format electronic file .
Denied Requests
If we reject your request, we
will provide you with the reason(s) for doing so. You may then choose to file a
complaint with the Data Protection Authority and request a judicial remedy to
the extent such a request is not in conflict with applicable laws or the
arbitration provisions of our website’s terms and Conditions of use.
Processing Fees
As a general rule, there is
no fee for processing your GDPR request. However, we retain the right to deny
your request or charge a reasonable fee for processing it the request is
unfounded or excessive.
As an example, it would be
excessive to make a repetitive second request to access your personal data one
month after we provided you with the data from a previous request.
Automated Processing
We may make decisions
through automated processing (e.g. algorithms) of personal data that are
legally binding or that significantly affect you.
Any such automated
decision-making is done per your express consent or because it is necessary for
reasons of substantial public interest under the law.
Such decisions  may be made based on the law, but if the
decision is made for other reasons, we will inform you of the logic and
potential consequences of the process of the decision.
Changes to policies
The terms of this privacy
policy are subject to change. If changes are made, we will notify you by a
notice posted on our website’s home page of any changes made.
If you disagree with any of
the changes that have been made, we invite you contact us (by email, using a
website contact form, or in writing by mail), and any changes made to this
policy will not apply to information we have collected from you prior to making
the changes.
By continuing to access our
website after changes to this privacy policy go into effect, you are agreeing
to be legally bound by the revised policy.
If you are concerned about
the topic covered by this website privacy policy, you should read it each time
before you use our website.
Questions or concerned
If you have any questions or concerns about this website privacy policy, you should bring them to our attention by sending an email to
dougzen123 at gmail dot com
and by providing us with information relating to your concern.
You may also mail your
concerns to us at the following address:
Tensionheadaches.com
12121 Chamberlain Road
Aurora, OH 44202
USA
This website privacy policy
was last updated on Jan. 12, 2020.