http://thebiss.co.uk/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
call 01622 584456
email office@thebiss.co.uk
Home
Who We Are
The Team
What We Do
Rehabilitation Services
Cognitive Rehabilitation Service
Specialised Services and Training
Virtual Service
The Link
BIS Lodge
Referrals
News
Contact Us
Recruitment
Search
Search
Submit
Menu
This privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20th May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
•	Name
•	Contact information including email address
•	Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
•	Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
•	Internal record keeping.
•	We may use the information to improve our products and services.
•	We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
•	From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website however.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
•	Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
•	If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at office@thebiss.co.uk
•
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
Cookies
How to manage cookies
Our cookies do not store financial information, or information which is capable of directly identifying you (such as your name or address). Cookies simply allow our website to retrieve this information in order to personalise and improve your experience of our website.
However, if you wish to restrict, block or delete cookies provided by this website – or any other website – you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences, or use the following on your particular browser.
Third Party Cookies
To help improve your experience of our site we use content from other sites to help users and improve usability for example Google Maps for store locators or You tube for Video. We also use social sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Linked In to allow businesses to communicate with their clients along with analytics to help improve user experience. We do not control these sites and we suggest you read their cookie policy to see which ones they use and how to manage them.
Facebook’s privacy policy
Twitter’s privacy policy
We use Google Maps to show our location.
Google’s privacy policy
Contact us now to find out more...
Get In Touch
Copyright BIS Services 2019 - All Rights Reserved. Design by HDCo
Back To Top