http://thecoreinstitute.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search
close
Home » Privacy Policy
The CORE Institute is committed to the highest privacy protections for its users. Our privacy policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service.
For purposes of this agreement please refer to our website, which can be accessed at https://www.thecoreinstitute.com
By accessing our site or our service, you accept our privacy policy and Terms of Use, and you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Information We Collect
We collect “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collect, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and number of clicks. Personal Information includes your email, which you submit to us through the registration process at the Site.
Information collected via Technology
To activate the Service you do not need to submit any Personal Information other than your email address. To use the Service thereafter, you do need to submit further Personal Information. However, in an effort to improve the quality of the Service, we track information provided to us by your browser or by our software application when you view or use the Service, such as the website you came from (known as the “referring URL”), the type of browser you use, the device from which you connected to the Service, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you.
Cookie Policy
We track this information using cookies, or small text files. Sending a cookie to a user’s browser enables us to collect Non-Personal information about that user and keep a record of the user’s preferences when utilizing our services, both on an individual and aggregate basis. Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features to make using our site easier and more user friendly. For example, The Core Institute may use cookies to store username between visits so you can login faster. Here are examples of other areas cookies may collect the following information from:
most used sites
newsletter signups
The CORE Institute may use both persistent and session cookies; persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your session and until you delete them, while session cookies expire when you close your browser.
Third Parties Policy
The CORE Institute uses third party vendors, including Google, who use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet. The CORE Institute serves cookies to analyse traffic to this site. Information about your use of our site is shared with Google for that purpose. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to [login, checkout with ease. Overall, cookies help us help make your user experience better.
Children’s Privacy
The Site and the Service are not directed to anyone under the age of 13. The Site does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13, or allow anyone under the age of 13 to sign up for the Service. In the event that we learn that we have gathered personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe we have collected such information, please contact us at:18444 N. 25th Ave.Suite 320Phoenix, AZ 85023
How We Use and Share Information
Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with contractors who work directly for the company to a perform services, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you. For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support, and inform users about promotional offers.
We may share Personal Information with outside parties if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable legal process or enforceable governmental request; to enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; address fraud, security or technical concerns; or to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Non-Personal Information
In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion.
In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
How We Protect Information
We implement security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. Your account is protected by your account password and we urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe by not disclosing your password and by logging out of your account after each use. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
As a user of our site you have right to be informed. You have a right of access to your information. You have the right of rectification. You have the right to erasure. You have the right to restrict data processing. You have the right to data portability. You have the right to object. You have the right of automated decision-making and profiling. You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional email.
If you would like to review collected personal information or request for its deletion, you may request to do so at anytime by filling out the Request for Data Removal form.
Links to Other Websites
As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Site and the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third party website accessed by selecting a link on our Site or via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
The CORE Institute reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Service at any time. We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us by writing to: 18444 N. 25th Ave. Suite 320 Phoenix, AZ 85023
Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 5, 2018.