https://thelondonosteopath.com/privacy-terms/
Skip to content
Our commitment to you
Ben Katz Osteopathy is committed to the highest standards of practice. Your health comes first in everything we do. You can read more about what you can expect here.
Your commitment to us
By booking an appointment, you are making a positive commitment to furthering your health and wellbeing. In order to help you realise your goals, here’s what we expect from you:
Arrive on time for your appointment
Treat us and our premises with courtesy and respect
Give us at least 24 hours notice if you are not able to attend – a 50% cancellation fee will be retained if you fail to attend or cancel after this time
Let us know if at any time you are unhappy with the service we provide and give us a chance to put things right
Looking after your data
Ben Katz Osteopathy is committed to protecting our patients’ privacy. We only collect the information we need to provide you with the services you require. We will never sell or broker your data.
What information we collect and why
Personal information
When you book an appointment, we collect personal information such as your name and date of birth so that we can identify you. We record your contact details so that we can respond to your enquiries, remind you about your appointments and provide you with information concerning your treatment and care. Some basic personal data may be collected about you from records of our correspondence and phone calls, from the marketing forms and surveys you complete and details of your visits to our website, including but not limited to, personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. For marketing purposes, we may occasionally contact you to share information we believe may be of interest to you. We do not broker your data and you can ask to be removed from our marketing database at any time by emailing or phoning us using the contact details provided below.
Information about your health
When you attend an appointment, we will ask you about the reasons you are seeking osteopathic treatment and care, as well as general information about your health and aspects of your lifestyle that are relevant to your wellbeing. This information is necessary for us to provide safe, effective, appropriate treatment, advice and care, so we will ask you to agree to us documenting, storing and processing your medical data by signing a consent form before you come for your appointment. Without this explicit consent, we are unable to accept you as a patient.
Cookies
Our website, thelondonosteopath.com is powered by WordPress, which uses cookies to identify and track visitors and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our website.
How we store and process your data
Ben Katz Osteopathy keeps your personal information safe and secure. We use Cliniko and Clinic Apps to store and process patient data. Cliniko and Clinic Apps are secure, GDPR compliant, web-based healthcare practice management services. Your data is always held and accessed securely. Only staff engaged in providing your treatment will have access to your patient records, although our administration team will have access to your contact details so that they can make appointments and manage your account. We will not disclose your personal information without your explicit consent unless compelled to do so in order to meet legal obligations, regulations or valid governmental requests.
Sharing your data with others
As part of our obligations as primary healthcare practitioners there may be circumstances where we need to share information with other healthcare practitioners or organisations involved in your care, such as GPs, consultants, surgeons and/or medical insurance companies. This may include information about your health, such as details of your treatment, on-going care or medical diagnosis. We will always consult you first, unless we are under a legal obligation to comply.
How long we retain your data
Your clinical records are an important part of your personal health history. We will retain your records indefinitely unless you ask us to delete them. We are required by law to retain your records for a minimum of eight years after you cease to be a patient or, for children, until the child has reached the age of 25.
Your rights
At any point whilst we are in possession of, or processing your personal data, you have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Exercising your rights
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact Ben Katz using the contact details below.
After the period during which we are legally required to retain your records has expired, you may ask us to delete your records. All personal data will be deleted, unless basic information, such as erasure details, needs to be retained by us to meet our future obligations to you or other legal or regulatory requirements.
In the event that we refuse a request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason, which you have the right to legally challenge. At your request, we can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed.
Contact us
You can contact us by email or telephone:
Email: ben@thelondonosteopath.com
Telephone: +44 (0) 7816 848 044.
In order to protect your privacy, we will need you to confirm your identity before we are able to release any of your personal information. We will accept the following forms of identification (ID): a copy of your driving licence, passport, birth certificate and a utility bill not older than three months. A minimum of one piece of photographic ID listed above and a supporting document is required. If we are not satisfied, further information may be sought before personal data can be released.
data processing Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Ben Katz Osteopathy you have the right to complain to us using the contact details above. If you do not get a response within 30 days, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office:
Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF Telephone +44 (0) 303 123 1113 or email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Free telephone consultation Decide for yourself if osteopathy is right for you. Book a free telephone consultation to discuss it with Ben.
BOOK ONLINE
Concessions Everyone should be able to access osteopathy when they need it. If you think you will struggle to fund your treatment, book a free telephone consultation so we can discuss a concessionary rate.
Coronavirus I’ve put a range of measures in place to minimise the risk of transmission, including online consultations, PPE and upgraded sanitation and cleaning protocols.
READ MORE
Contact Osteopathy East
41 Mare Street
Hackney E8 4RP
07816 848 044
Email Ben