https://therelationshipcenter.biz/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy & Cookie/Data Storage Policy For The Relationship Center (TRC) Acknowledgment & Acceptance of TermsTRC is committed to protecting your privacy and takes very seriously the usage, collection and transference of personal data. The policy below states our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when your computer or you personally interact with our website.By accessing TRC, you acknowledge and freely consent to the practices described in this privacy policy. You also give your consent to the information collection practices described below. Participating Vendor/Merchant PoliciesThis website offers services (like data collection forms) that link to websites other than TRC. These site have their own privacy terms. Because we do not have direct control over these sites, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of those sites.Below you will find links to the sites we partner with, along with links to their privacy policies. We recommend that you review these policies before providing personal or confidential data or before completing any transactions with these sites. Information Collection & CookiesI/We use cookies on, TRC for a number of purposes. They help me/us to provide you with a good experience when you browse this website. They also allow me/us to improve my site and deliver to you a website you want to browse and enjoy. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to the use of cookies as detailed below.First, what is a cookie?A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that I/we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. You can find more information about web cookies here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookieWe use the following cookies:Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for you to use the features available on this website. They include, for example, the ability to login and post a comment.Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognize, track, and count the number of visitors who come to this website. They also allow us to track broken pages on the website and to count what visitors do when they click through the website.Functionality cookies. These cookies allow us to track and remember your preferences for our website. For example, we can personalized content for you, greet you by name and/or remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).We use two different kinds of cookies on this website: First party and third party cookies (both defined in detail on the wikipedia link above).First-party cookiesThese cookies are specifically about TRC and track your usage of this website. These cookies are considered essential for the website to operate correctly. These cookies, none of which capture personally identifiable information, include:Visitor ID – this cookie is a numeric value that identifies unique visitors and provides coherence and consistency to a site visit- it is anonymous and contains no personally identifying information;Page number – this cookie identifies the page you are on;Session ID – this cookie identifies your website session;Test – this cookie checks whether or not your browser supports cookies;Third-party cookiesThis website sets different types of third-party cookies to track usage, social sharing and more. These cookies are not under my/our control, and serve to help us understand the visitors who come to the website, as well as support our connection to other third party sites.  (Again, see the wikipedia page above for detailed explanations of third party services/cookies).Included in our list of third-party cookies are the following services: Google Analytics –Google Analytics is used to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. Data is stored anonymously for 50 months and per Google’s policies, this data is automatically deleted after 50 months. You can view Google’s Privacy Policy here: google.com/policies/privacy/.Social sharing plugin– a cookie is used when you use the social sharing service on our website to share a link with LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, etc. More information about the Sharing app privacy policy can be found here: https://www.nextscripts.com/privacy-policy & https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/.Your rights with cookies:Cookies are set by many entities and may include the website’s owners/developers/managers, plugins, third-party providers, advertisers and anyone else who collects or uses the website’s data.As a user of this (or any) website, you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of some, or all cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the site.To learn how to block cookies, simply go to Google and type in “how do I block cookies” on whatever browser you use (Chrome, Firefox etc.) and you will find the details needed to block some or all cookies on your browser.Additional data storage and privacy policy considerationsIn addition to the non-personally identifiable data collected by cookies, this website also offers the ability to contact with us via contact forms, newsletter registration forms, downloadable ebooks, free downloadable gifts, webinars and other similar files.To receive free gifts from this website, we require that you share your personal information consisting of your first and last name and your email address. In some cases we have additional optional fields to tell us about postal code and/or country. In most cases, information is gathered and stored in the website database or via a third-party service 1shoppingcart.  All information gathered via any form on this website can be deleted upon request.Information and informational items are provided in exchange for adding your email address and possibly your name, business and or website information to one of our mailing lists. All mailing lists are stored and executed via 1shoppingcart for the sole purpose of communicating information, as well as occasional marketing of services and products. Each mailing list will specifically detail what type of emails you may receive and possibly the frequency. You may unsubscribe from said email list(s) at any time by using the unsubscribe link provided in every email.A copy of  1shoppingcart’s Privacy Policy can be found here:  http://www.1shoppingcart.com/legal/privacy-policyMy webinars are provided via Zoom.US. Free webinars are provided in exchange for being placed on one of the aforementioned 1shoppingcart mailing lists. The privacy policy for Zoom.US  can be viewed at :  https://zoom.us/privacyAny payments for any products or informational items are processed securely via PayPal. PayPal’s privacy policy is listed at : https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fullArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behave in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.When visitors leave comments on the site, the data collection form collects the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.Your Data RightsIf you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Your information is never shared or sold to others for marketing purposes, and is only shared with third party services as necessary and explained above. If at any time you wish to find out how your data is stored and/or opt out of communication, email, or to have your data deleted, please direct your request to the email, address and/or phone number below.If you wish to contact us, the best way is as follows:Email: kim@therelationshipcenter.biz Address: 4131 191st Place, Chicago, IL 60478 Phone: 708-957-6047Effective date: May 25, 2018 Last update: May 29, 2018
Search for:
Join our email list Recent Posts Setting Goals that Fit Your Personality Type Part II December 9, 2020 Setting Goals that Fit Your Personality Part I December 2, 2020 Violence Against Women November 25, 2020
Receive FREE tip sheet, Developing Healthy Relationships: What's Really Important & Monthly Newsleeter Email
First Name
Last Name Submit
You have Successfully Subscribed! Pin It on Pinterest