https://thorperecoverycentre.org/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Information Privacy and Security
All personal and health information under the control or custody of TRC, in any format, is confidential, and shall only be available to authorized personnel. Authorized personnel collecting, accessing, using or disclosing personal and health information shall comply with all applicable legislations and TRC policies. Authorized persons shall use information responsibly and appropriately and maintain the confidentiality, security, integrity and accuracy of the information. Breaches of confidentiality shall be considered grounds for disciplinary actions up to and including termination.
Collection of information shall be limited to that which is essential for the delivery of services or other authorized purpose under the Health Information Act, and shall be according to the following principles:
Collection shall be with the highest degree of anonymity.
The information collection shall be related directly to the purpose of the collection.
Collection shall be directly from the individual unless indirect collection is authorized such as previous records in accordance with this policy.
When using personal health information, all Staff (including employees, volunteers, physicians and contracted individuals and agencies) shall respect the client’s right to privacy at all times in accordance with the Health Information Act.
TRC shall maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality and privacy of individually identifying health information at all times. All Staff collect, use and disclose information in accordance with the Health Information Act and Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIP) and the following principles:
Highest Level of Anonymity
Information shall be collected, used or disclosed at the highest level of anonymity possible to meet the purpose. If the purpose for the collection, use or disclosure can be met using aggregate or anonymous information, staff shall strip, encode or otherwise transform individually identifying information to create non-identifying information.
Least Amount of Information Needed
Staff shall collect, use or disclose the least amount of information essential to meet the purpose for the collection, use or disclosure.
Need to Know
Staff shall collect, use and disclose information only as required to perform their duties and fulfill their responsibilities to TRC.
Accuracy
When collecting, using and disclosing information, staff shall make reasonable efforts to ensure that the information is accurate and complete.
Protection and Safeguarding
TRC will maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards that will protect the confidentiality, privacy and security of all information.
Management of Information
Overall accountability for the management of information rests with the Chief Executive Officer and is delegated to the remainder of the management team. Day to day accountabilities are assigned to the staff who are designated the responsible of Staff under the Health Information Act.
Questions and complaints
If you have a question or concern about any collection, use or disclosure of personal information by Thorpe Recovery Centre, please contact our office.
If you are not satisfied with the response you receive, you should contact the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Alberta:
Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Alberta
Suite 2460, 801 – 6 Avenue, SW
Calgary, Alberta
T2P 3W2
Phone:	403-297-2728 	Toll Free:	1-888-878-4044
Email:	generalinfo@oipc.ab.ca	Website:	 www.oipc.ab.ca
© 2020 Thorpe Recovery Centre.
MHSPA License.
Home
About
Our Facility
Our Staff
Our Board
Client Stories
Our Programs
Program Model
Medically Supported Detox
Residential Treatment
Continuing Care
Intensive Programs
Admissions
Get Involved
Support Recovery Today
Events & Fundraising
Contact
Concerns & Feedback
Career Opportunities
Gymnasium Rental
DONATE
Phone: 780.875.8890
Toll Free: 1.877.875.8890
info@thorperecoverycentre.org
F: 780.875.2161
P.O. Box 291,
21060 Tranquility Way
Blackfoot, AB T0B 0L0
MHSPA License
© 2019 Thorpe Recovery Centre
Privacy Policy
X