https://thyroiduk.org/help-support/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Media & PR
Online Community
0 Items
Home
>Help & Support
Help & Support
Support Network
Thyroid UK has a Support Network which consists of a mixture of local support groups; email support, telephone support and Facebook.
Read More
List of Private Doctors and Practitioners
Included in our Information Pack is a list of private doctors and practitioners who have a special interest in thyroid disease. If you would like a copy of the list please contact us.
Read More
Our Online Community
Our online community offers you the opportunity to connect with thousands of other people with thyroid disease and related conditions. You can share experiences, information and concerns in a safe environment.
Read More
Become A Member
Becoming a member of Thyroid UK supports us and brings benefits to you. We need to show how many people have a problem with the way thyroid disease is diagnosed and treated.
Read More
Pharmacies and Wholesale Pharmacies
If you struggle to get your prescription filled at your local pharmacy, here you can find a list of pharmacies and wholesale pharmacies that may be able to help.
Read More
Guidelines
There are guidelines for all types of thyroid disease including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, subclinical hypothyroidism. There are also guidelines for pregnancy and thyroid disease.
Read More
NHS Information
In this section of our website you can find lots of information on various aspects of the NHS, from making a complaint to accessing your medical records.
Read More
Benefits
There are various types of benefits that you can claim from the Government if you are ill or disabled.
Read More
Articles about Thyroid Disease
A collection of articles about thyroid disease which will be added to over time.
Read More
Research
Thyroid UK strongly believes in good quality research. This means that it has to be done correctly without bias and it must ask the questions that patients need to know the answers to.
Read More
Suggested Reading
A selection of reading materials regarding thyroid disorders, as well as related conditions and symptoms.
Read More
XThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreRejectAcceptSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Undefined cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Save & Accept