https://thyroiduk.org/other-conditions/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Media & PR
Online Community
0 Items
Home
>Other Conditions
Other Conditions
ADHD
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder.  There may be links with thyroid disorders.
Read More
CFS/ME
Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) is the name given to a condition that causes various symptoms most commonly extreme fatigue. CFS is also known as ME (myalgic encephalomyelitis).
Read More
Coeliac Disease
Coeliac disease is an autoimmune disease which affects the digestive system causing an adverse reaction to gluten.
Read More
Candida and the Links to Thyroid Disease
Candida (or candida albicans) is a fungal infection that can live within our bodies without causing harm but can also multiply causing yeast infections (thrush).
Read More
Fibromyalgia
Fibromyalgia (FM) is a condition causing chronic widespread pain and other symptoms including fatigue.  The symptoms can be very similar to those of hypothyroidism.
Read More
Hair Loss - What can you do?
Hair loss is a sign of both hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism.  However, there could be other reasons that need to be discounted first.
Read More
Lyme Disease
Lyme disease (Lyme borreliosis) is a bacterial  infection caused by the Borrelia bacterium which is spread by ticks. If you are bitten by a tick you will have a “Bull’s eye” rash and have flu like symptoms.
Read More
SIBO
Small intestinal bacterial overgrowth (SIBO) is a condition where excessive bacteria is found in the small intestine often causing chronic diarrhoea and malabsorption.
Read More
PCOS
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a hormonal disorder in women causing menstrual problems, reduced fertility, excess hair growth and acne.
Read More
Hypothyroidism and Cholesterol
Hypothyroidism causes high cholesterol so if you have been diagnosed with high cholesterol you should always check your thyroid levels.
Read More
XThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreRejectAcceptSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Undefined cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Save & Accept