https://thyroiduk.org/help-support/become-a-member/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Media & PR
Online Community
0 Items
Home
>Help & Support>Become a Member
Become a Member of Thyroid UK
Becoming a member of Thyroid UK supports us and brings benefits to you. We need to show how many people have a problem with the way thyroid disease is diagnosed and treated.
When we try to campaign or fundraise, we are always asked, “How many members do you have?” The more members we have the more we will be listened to.
The money raised from the membership fees goes towards the running costs of Thyroid UK and also towards various activities that we do to try to change things such as meetings and conferences where we can network and spread the word. Without funds, we cannot take on these activities.  Please do support us by joining Thyroid UK
What does annual membership include?
A year’s subscription to our quarterly magazine ‘Harmony’
(click here for a PDF sample of the magazine)
10% discount at Cytoplan Ltd
Advance notice of tickets for conferences
How much is membership?
UK Membership:
£20 for a full UK membership or
£15 for a concessionary membership for UK senior citizens, students and people who are unemployed.
For members living overseas:
£25 for Europe
£35 for the Rest of the World (ROW)
How do I join?
Please complete and submit the online form according to your preferred payment method:
Direct Debit – Please use the Direct Debit membership form After submitting the form, you will be presented with the Direct Debit options.
Please follow the link to your chosen membership amount to complete the Direct Debit sign up form.
PayPal – Please use the PayPal membership form After submitting the form, you will be able to select a PayPal payment button in the usual way.
Personal Cheque (Made payable to Thyroid UK) – Please use the Cheque payment form and pop your cheque in the post to us.
Annual Standing Order– Please fill in the Standing Order form and send it in the post to us.
Once you have paid an email confirmation of your application will be sent to the email address you supplied.
If you are a UK Taxpayer you can help us to raise funds by allowing us to claim Gift Aid on your membership fee which is classed as a donation. You will be offered this option on the membership form.
You may also want to add a little extra to your payment by way of a donation.
If you wish to make a donation and you pay by Paypal, you will have an opportunity to donate at the end of the payment process. Be aware that this will be taken separately and will mean that there will be two separate transactions in your Paypal account.
All extra donations are gratefully received and will help us in our work.
Please Note:
Information about your membership will be sent to the email address you supply. Your first copy of Harmony magazine will be posted to you in due course. Depending on where we are in the membership cycle, this may take up to 28 days, so please bear with us!
If you have any queries about your membership, please contact us via our membership contact form.
Thank you for joining Thyroid UK!
Date updated: 14/04/20 (V1.5) Review date: 12/09/21
XThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreRejectAcceptSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Undefined cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Save & Accept