https://thyroiduk.org/help-us-raise-money/
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Media & PR
Online Community
0 Items
Home
>Fundraising
Fundraising
Take Part in an Event
There are many events where you can help us raise funds such as bike rides, runs, walks and treks and even skydiving.
Read More
Shop & Donate
There are several ways that you can support Thyroid UK by doing your usual online shopping. You will probably find ways here that you have never thought about before.
Read More
Recycling
There are several ways to recycle and help Thyroid UK and the environment at the same time. From saving your postage stamps to scrapping a car, we’ve made it really easy for you to do.
Read More
Wedding Favours
Use your special day to make a difference to people in the UK with thyroid disease, by giving our personalised wedding favours.
Read More
Collection Boxes
Your small change can make a big difference. Instead of losing it down the back of the sofa or car seat, why not empty your pockets into our collection box?
Read More
Do Your Own Fundraising Event
You don’t have to do an organised event to raise funds for Thyroid UK. You can do your own event such as a sponsored silence, a coffee morning or a Purple Mufti Day.
Read More
XThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read MoreRejectAcceptSettingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Analytics
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Performance
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Uncategorized
uncategorized
Undefined cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Advertisement
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Save & Accept