https://traumahealed.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerWelcome
Work With Me >
Signs of Trauma
Benefits
Fees and Policies
Frequent Questions
Online Bodywork
Types of Bodywork >
Bodywork Sessions
Reiki
Massage
CranioSacral Therapy
Somatic Experiencing
Other Bodywork
People Say
Articles >
Articles by Topic
Articles by Date
Books >
Wellspring of Compassion
Presence After Trauma
About >
About Sonia Connolly, LMT
Privacy Policy
Contact
Nav Widget AreaSearch this website
Who we are
The website URL is traumahealed.com
Sonia Connolly, LMT
Sundown Healing Arts
503-334-6434
sonia@traumahealed.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Summary
I am serious about protecting your privacy.  I keep my appointment schedule on paper and do not use an online scheduling service so that information about your appointments is not online anywhere nor shared with anyone.  Financial records are password protected on my computer.  Notes are locked in a cabinet.
Purchases
If you make a purchase through this site, your name, email address, and item purchased are collected by Paypal, subject to the Paypal privacy policy.  I keep an offline record of this information which is not shared with anyone else.
If you make a purchase or become a client, I keep offline financial records and notes.  These are kept locked and not shared with anyone.
Comments
In order to avoid problems with people revealing private details of trauma in comments, and possibly people being unkind to each other about trauma, this site does not allow comments.  Thus no private data is collected.
Analytics
I removed Google Analytics from the site in May 2018, so no personalized tracking data is being collected.  The backend webhost collects aggregated data on site usage without any personalized information.
Who we share your data with
No one!  The only exception is I will send notes in response to a court subpoena with your permission.  I will discuss your case with your other practitioners with your permission.
How long we retain your data
Financial records are kept indefinitely.  Notes are kept for 7 years.
Your contact information
Your contact information is collected only if you make a purchase or become a client, and it is kept private and offline.
See above for my contact information in case of privacy concerns.
Additional information
How we protect your data
By keeping it offline and password protected.
Primary SidebarWork with me
ONLINE BODYWORK ONLY due to COVID-19.
Contact Sonia Connolly, LMT to schedule your appointment or free phone consultation in Portland, Oregon.
sonia@TraumaHealed.com
503-334-6434
My office is fragrance-free.
Quick Links
Signs of Trauma
Testimonials
Online Bodywork
Frequent Questions
Healing Resources
Subscribe!
Latest Articles
The “Good Person” Badge
Kindness, Not Contempt
Anchor Terror in Time
Buy the books
Popular Articles
Let Your Jaw Speak
Repair Your Reality After Gaslighting
The Betrayal of Not Being Heard
Trauma Healing Topics
Acceptance
Body
Boundaries, Full Self
Emotions
Find Support
Hard Times, Abuse
Healing Tools
Hopeful Narratives
Relating
Self-Trust
Survival Tools
Trauma Effects, PTSD
Archives
Articles by Topic
Articles by Date
What I’m reading
Curious, Healing book review blog
Free Monthly Healing Articles
FooterPeople Say
bronwyn
Even though I work in healing trauma, your articles have a depth and embodied-ness that's rare. Continue Reading (click twice)
Read More Testimonials
You are welcome
Sundown Healing Arts is size-friendly, diversity-friendly, queer-friendly, and trans-friendly. Persons of any body size, skin color, sexual orientation, and gender are welcome. Black Lives Matter.
Sundown Healing Arts
Online Bodywork
Articles
Resources
About
Contact