https://trishmsresearch.org.au/legals/
Legalities
Having established a company within which the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation operates, approval was obtained from the Taxation Department, Health Department and Department of Gaming and Racing, after all necessary requirements of each authority were fulfilled. All donations of $2 and over are tax deductible (DGR 900490691). The Foundation’s ABN is 22 089 078 464.
Legal Disclaimer
Copyright
Copyright © 2010 Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation (ABN 22 089 078 464). All rights reserved.
Use of this Information
The information included at this site is for general informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for medical treatment or advice by or from a health care professional. Because of unique individual needs, the reader should consult his or her personal physician to determine the appropriateness of the information for the reader’s situation.
Accuracy and Completeness
Although care has been taken in preparing the information contained in this site, all material that is provided here or could be reached by using this as a starting point is supplied “AS IS” without warranty of quality or accuracy of any kind. Neither the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation nor any member of the Scientific Research Committee nor any author contributing to this site is responsible for any errors or omissions in any information provided or the results obtained from the use of such information.
The Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable, for any damage to or any viruses that may infect your computer equipment or software on account of your access, use of or browsing in this or any other site.
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation website (the “Website”) which is owned and operated by Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation ACN 089 078 464 (“we”, “us”, “our”, or “Trish Foundation”).
Your access to the Website is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document (collectively known as “Terms of Use”).  Your use of, and/or access to, the Website constitutes your agreement to the Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to amend the Terms of Use at any time.
Our services
We cannot be responsible for any delays or interruptions to the Website. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimise delays and interruptions. However, we cannot warrant that the Website will be available at all times or at any given time.
We may at any time and without notice to you, discontinue the Website in whole or in part. However, we cannot be responsible for any loss, cost, damage or liability that may result from our discontinuance of the Website.
Prohibited conduct
In relation to the Website, you must not:
use the Website for any activities or post or transmit via the Website, any information or materials which breach any laws or regulations, infringe a third party’s rights, or are contrary to any relevant standard or codes;
use the Website to post or transmit any material which interferes with other users or defames, harasses, threatens, menaces, offends or restricts any person or which inhibits any user from using the Website or the Internet;
use the Website to send unsolicited email messages;
in any way tamper with, hinder or modify the Website;
knowingly transmit any viruses or other disabling features to the Website or via the Website; or
attempt any of the above acts or facilitate or assist another person to do any of the above acts.
Intellectual Property
The material on the Website, including the software, design, text, images and graphics comprised in the Website and the selection and layout of the Website are owned or under licence by us and protected by Australian and international laws.
We have displayed PowerPoint slides on the Website for your viewing and information purposes. These slides are subject to copyright laws. Please enjoy the slides but do not copy the slides in either in part, or in full.
Your use of the Website does not grant you a licence or act as a right of use of any of the trade marks or logos, whether registered or unregistered, that are displayed on the Website without the express written permission of the trade mark owner.
You may view the Website and its contents using your web browser.  In visiting the Website, you may make a temporary copy of the Website by means of the usual operation of your web browser only.
You must not:
use the material on the Website for commercial purposes;
in any way modify the material on the Website; or
cause any of the material on the Website to be framed or embedded in another website.
In summary, you must not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, frame, upload to a third party, post, transmit or distribute the content of the Website in any way except as expressly provided for by us or expressly authorised in writing by us.
General information only
The content on the Website is intended only to provide a general overview on matters of interest. It is not intended to be comprehensive, nor does it constitute advice in any way. We attempt to ensure that the content is current and accurate but we do not guarantee its currency and accuracy. You should carry out your own research and/or seek your own advice before acting or relying on any of the content.
Third party links
The Website contains hyperlinks and other pointers to websites operated by third parties (“Linked Websites”). We do not control Linked Websites and are therefore not responsible for the content of any Linked Website or any hyperlink contained in a Linked Website. We provide the hyperlinks for your convenience only and do not indicate, expressly or implicitly, any endorsement, sponsorship or approval by us of a Linked Website or the products or services offered at Linked Websites.  You visit any Linked Website entirely at your own risk.
We do not provide any warranty or take any responsibility for any aspect of Linked Websites or their content.
Indemnity
By using the Website, you agree to indemnify us from and against all actions, claims, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (whether in tort or in contract including and without limitation, negligence) arising out of or in any way connected to the use of the Website by you.
Disclaimer
Some legislation such as the Australian Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth) and other similar consumer protection laws and regulations in other countries may confer you with rights and remedies relating to the provision of goods or services to you by us via the Website which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified (your “Statutory Rights”).  We exclude all conditions and warranties implied by custom, law or statute except for your Statutory Rights.
Except for your Statutory Rights and with respect to the Website:
all material on the Website is provided to you without warranties of any kind, either express or implied;
we expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;
we do not warrant that the functions contained in any material on the Website or your access to the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that any defects will be corrected or that the Website or the server which stores and transmits material to you are free of viruses or any other harmful components; and
do not warrant or make any representation regarding your access to, or the results of your access to, the Website including its correctness, accuracy, timeliness, completeness, reliability or otherwise.
To the extent permitted by law, including but not limited to any act or omission on your part, we will not be liable for any loss, damage, costs or expense whether direct, indirect, incidental, special and/or consequential, including loss of profits, suffered by you or claims made against you which result from any use or access of, or any inability to use or access, the Website.
You expressly acknowledge that we do not exert control over users of the Internet and we are not liable for damage suffered by you, either directly or indirectly, as a result of your access to the Website.
Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by law, our liability for breach of any implied warranty or condition, which cannot be excluded by the Terms of Use, is limited, at our option, to one or more of the following:
In the case of services supplied or offered by us:
the supply of the services again; or
the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
In the case of goods supplied or offered by us:
the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods;
the repair of such goods;
the payment of the costs of replacing the goods or acquiring equivalent goods; or
the payment of the costs of having the goods repaired.
Privacy
By agreeing to and accepting the Terms of Use, you also agree to the terms of the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation Privacy Policy.
Termination
The Terms of Use are effective until terminated by us, which we may do at any time and without notice to you.  In the event of termination, all restrictions imposed on you by the Terms of Use and limitations of liability set out in the Terms of Use will survive.
Miscellaneous
We rely upon your continued observance of the Terms of Use.  If we suffer loss or damage or incur any costs associated with any breach by you of the Terms of Use or any associated legal obligation, you agree to indemnify us for those losses, damages and costs.
We do not make any claims that the information is appropriate or may be downloaded in all areas, countries or jurisdictions.  Access to the information contained in the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries.  If you access the Website, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
If any provision of the Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a Court of Law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the document, which will continue in full force and effect.
All rights not expressly granted in the Terms of Use are reserved.
If we do not act in relation to a breach of the Terms of Use by you, this does not waive our rights to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches of the Terms of Use by you.
Applicable Law
The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New South Wales, Australia.  You irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the State of New South Wales and Courts of Appeal from them for determining any dispute concerning the Terms of Use.
Contacting us
If you have any questions relating to the Terms of Use, please contact us by telephoning 0410 410491 or emailing info@trishmsresearch.org.au
© 2011 Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation.
Terms of Use last updated on 16 April 2011
Privacy Policy
Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation ACN 089 078 464 (“we” or “Trish Foundation”) recognises and values the protection of your personal information. We are not an organisation that is covered by the Privacy Act 1988 but we voluntarily adopt the following principles and processes to ensure that we deal appropriately and confidentially with any personal information provided to us in the course of any interaction you might have with the Trish Foundation.
We recognise that you may have concerns about our collection of your personal information via the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation website (“website”) which is located at www.trishmsresearch.org.au and how we may use that information.
We have implemented this Privacy Policy in order to let you know about how we will collect, store, use and disclose your personal information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy forms part of the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation Terms of Use.
Information we collect from you
From time to time, we may ask you to supply personal information such as your name, address, date of birth, telephone number or e-mail address. However, under no circumstances will we request or collect any information from you that may disclose any unrelated and irrelevant personal information.
We may also conduct surveys or market research and may seek other information from you on a periodic basis. These surveys will provide us with information that allows improvement in the way that the Trish Foundation is managed and how the Foundation carries out its Mission and Vision.
Personal information via the website
Most commercial websites use ‘cookies’ which are pieces of information that websites send to the browser and are stored in the computer hard-drive. Cookies make using the website easier by storing information about your preferences on the website. This allows the website to be tailored to you on any of your return visits. Cookies will not identify you personally.
If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter your security settings on your web browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. However, by disabling the cookie function in your web browser you may impede your ability to use parts of the Website.
Your option not to provide your personal information
Providing us with your personal information is absolutely optional, and whenever it is optional for you to provide us with your personal information, we will make this clear to you. When you provide us with your personal information, you are consenting to our storage, use and disclosure of that information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
Your personal information, including your e-mail address, will be used for two primary purposes to:
ensure the proper functioning of the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation and Website; and
assist us with our planning and fundraising to achieve our Mission and Vision.
We will not use or disclose (or permit the use or disclosure of) personal information that could be used to identify an individual member in any circumstances except:
to ensure the proper functioning of our Foundation and Website in relation to the person in question (for example, to confirm your acceptance of the Terms of Use, or to seek your views on the operation of the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation and Website in order to improve it);
to communicate special events to you;
to avoid risks to health and safety of an individual or society at large;
where the law requires us to do so; or
where you have given express consent to us for a prescribed purpose.
We will not sell, distribute, rent, licence, disclose, share or pass your personal information onto any third parties, other than those who are contracted to us to keep the information confidential, for example our internet provider.
Terms of Use
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information collected from you is accurate, up to date, complete and stored in a secure environment and accessed only by our authorised personnel.
Please note that no information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will endeavour to protect your personal information as best as possible but we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk.
Unsubscribing from our database
To unsubscribe from our e-mail or postal database, please send an e-mail to info@trishmsresearch.org.au with “UNSUBSCRIBE” typed into the subject line of the e-mail.
Accessing, correcting and updating your information
We offer you the right to access the information that you provide to us.   If you wish to access or modify any personal information that you have provided to us, please contact the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation on 0410 410491.
Contacting us
If you have any concerns or questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us on 0410 410491 or info@trishmsresearch.org.au.
We reserve our right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice to you.
We appreciate your taking the time to read the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation Privacy Policy.
© 2014 Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation
Privacy Policy last updated on 21 March 2014
Spam Statement
Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation ACN 089 078 464 (“we” or “Trish Foundation”) is committed to observing and complying with its obligations at all times under any relevant Spam legislation and regulations in any subject country.
For the purpose of this Spam Statement, the term ‘subject country’ means the country from which you access the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation website.
We assure you that:
we have crafted an internal policy to educate our volunteers and implement clear guidelines and rules in relation to the dissemination of commercial electronic messages;
you may at any time unsubscribe from any mailing list to which you have previously subscribed. If for any reason there appears to be no facility to unsubscribe from the mailing list, please send an email to info@trishmsresearch.org.au advising us of your wish to unsubscribe. Alternatively, you may call the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation on 0410 410491; and
we will not use address-harvesting software for any reason whatsoever.
To assist us to combat Spam, we request your assistance with the following:
if you receive an offensive or unauthorised commercial message, which appears to originate from a Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation email address, please assume that it has been sent in error and notify us immediately on the above contact details;
please ensure that you unsubscribe from any of the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation mailing lists if you decide that you no longer wish to receive electronic or postal commercial messages from Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation or its contracted third parties; and
please notify us of any changes to your personal details or cancellation of your email address.
Thank you for taking the time to read the Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation Spam Statement.
© 2011 Trish Multiple Sclerosis Research Foundation
Spam Statement last updated on 16 April 2011.
Our Vision Our vision is a world free of multiple sclerosis and that no special person should suffer or lose their life to this disease
Donate Now
Every dollar raised goes to research.
DONATE NOWContact Us
Post:  PO Box 511, Collaroy Beach, NSW 2097
Mobile: 0410 410 491 or 0410 491 630
Email: info@trishmsresearch.org.au
Scroll to top
×