http://ttos.us/privacy_policy.html
Home
About TTOS
About Us
Contact Us
Professionals
Want to refer clients?
Our Theory & Philosophy
Our Shoplifting / Theft Class Curriculum
Our Anger Management Curriculum
Referral Form
Crime and Economics Report
Implementing Evidence Based Prgms.
Evidence Based Juvenile Programs
Frequently Asked Questions
Our Guarantee
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Links
Theft Class
Our Online Class
Our Workbook Class
Contact Us
Our Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
Our Spanish Class
Theft Laws in Your State
Our Shoplifting / Theft Class Curriculum
Letter for Theft Class Approval
Suggested Theft/Shoplifting Readings
Anger Class
Our Online Class
Our Workbook Class
Contact Us
Our Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
Is Our Anger Management Class Right For You?
What is Anger Management All About
Anger Laws in Your State
Our Anger Management Curriculum
Letter for Theft Class Approval
Suggested Anger Management Readings
Anger Management Resources
Anger Management News Stories
Sign Back In
Sign Up Here
An Online
Theft / Shoplifting class
An 4 or 8 hour
Theft / Shoplifting class that you can stop and start anytime you want - on your schedule! This
Theft / Shoplifting class is completely self-paced, sign out and come back later, the computer will take you back to where you ended. That's right, work on it a half hour at a time, more sometimes, less others - you choose.
Less Expensive: One fee, no added fees. Our online
Theft / Shoplifting class sets an industry standard as one of the nation's premier provider of online
Theft / Shoplifting classes. A 4 or 8 hour
Theft / Shoplifting class or ourTheft / Shoplifting workbook.
Privacy Policy
When you contact Theft Talk™ or when you register for services from Theft Talk™, we may ask you to provide personal information. Theft Talk™ uses the information collected from you to provide services to you or to solicit information from you regarding the quality of services we provided or outcomes for the services we provided. TTOS.us™ does NOT sell, rent, or lease our customer list to third parties. Our privacy policy is strict; a) when an agency/referral source notifies TTOS.us™ that a person/client is required to complete an TTOS.us™ online class or workbook class, upon the request of the agency/referral source or the client, TTOS.us™ will notify said agency/referral source of the client's completion status and other relevant information. b) when a client elects to use an TTOS.us™ online class, TTOS.us™ will not initiate notice to others (i.e., judges, probation officers, parents, school authorities) of the client's participation in our services or provide completion status documentation without the express permission from the client, however, c) when requested by a verified referral source, TTOS.us™ will provide progress updates, including completion status regardless if participation in the TTOS.us™ class was by referral or elected by the client. TTOS.us™, under most circumstances will provide any and all information demanded by a legally issued subpoena.. TTOS.us™ reserves the right to update and change these policies at any time, with or without your notice. It is your responsibility to periodically review the TTOS.us™ privacy policy. This is the official notice of the TTOS.us™ Privacy Policy and, as such, this notice shall take precedence over any other TTOS.us™ Privacy Policy notice.
The TT Online Services™ Inc.
Theft / Shoplifting classes
TT Online Services™ Inc.
provides
Theft / Shoplifting classes as a 4 hour
Theft / Shoplifting class or an 8 hour
Theft / Shoplifting class. The Theft / Shoplifting
curriculum is based on, "The Psychology of Stealing" by our founder,
Steven Michael Houseworth, MA. Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes do not
focus on laws and punishments - you already know stealing is illegal. A
key component of an effective
Theft / Shoplifting class is to educate
the student about the dangers of mental rehearsing theft behaviors. No
Theft / Shoplifting class would be complete if it did not provide new,
meaningful and useful information. Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes work
under the assumption that the way a person thinks guides the way a
person behaves. The TT Online Services™
Theft / Shoplifting classes use a
cognitive restructuring approach which basically follows the tenant of
Norman Vincent Peale (1898 - 1993): "Change your thoughts and you will
change your world." Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes ask the client to
explore their attitudes, values and beliefs. Each of our
Theft / Shoplifting classes end asking the client to figure out what they
believe, who they are and to identify their value system. To this end,
our
Theft / Shoplifting classes have a victim focus and work toward
understanding and developing empathy.
The TT Online Services™
Theft / Shoplifting classes began in 1983. As practitioners in the
criminal justice field it
it only made sense to focus on a specialty of
theft since most crimes are theft related - theft, shoplifting,
burglary, unauthorized use of a vehicle, burglary, robbery, etc.. Our
first
Theft / Shoplifting class was called Theft Talk and we quickly
learned that conducting
Theft / Shoplifting classes is a formidable
task. Initially we spent most of our time on techniques and, through
trial and error, our
Theft / Shoplifting class evolved into the
Theft / Shoplifting class it is today. Our education, the volumes or research
and practice has proven that a
Theft / Shoplifting class has little
likelihood of being effective unless a key component is included - the
attitudes, values and beliefs of the person with the Theft / Shoplifting
problem. Theft / Shoplifting clients need to change their thinking if
they want to
to change their behavior.
What are you going to try to do to me in your
Theft / Shoplifting class?
Strangely enough this Theft / Shoplifting question
is quite important! It is of high importance to TT Online Services™ that
we don't try to do anything to you. Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes do
not try to fix you. Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes do not judge you.
Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes do not try to force anything on you and
have no intent of imposing change on you. Critical to the success of
our theft class is the need to: a) be respectful of the client, b) not
be judgmental of the client, c) not try to impose "the truth" on the
client and d) not try to impose change on the client. Our
Theft / Shoplifting class is education oriented and works under the assumption
that if you learn you will change your thoughts. If you change your
thoughts you will change your behavior, your life and your world. Yes,
with great confidence we are strong believers in education, we attribute
education to have converted the human animal to the human being. Any
change that comes as a result of taking our
Theft / Shoplifting classes
is change that the client makes. We can take credit for providing
meaningful information; the client needs to take credit for changing
his/her Theft / Shoplifting behavior. Life gets much better, much
happier and becomes more fulfilling once Theft / Shoplifting problems
are in the past.
Okay, it is education based, so what can I expect to learn in this
Theft / Shoplifting classes?
Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes are based on the
book by Steven Michael Houseworth, MA, "The Psychology of Stealing." The
Theft / Shoplifting class curriculum finds a balance between providing
new information and providing Theft / Shoplifting "stuff" you can try,
work on, use to deal with a Theft / Shoplifting problem. The education
component explains theft in a way you have likely never heard before and
then moves right on to asking you to rethink Theft / Shoplifting
beliefs you may have that are not true.
What is the best way to take a
Theft / Shoplifting class?
Theft / Shoplifting classes come in many forms. The
old traditional counselor in a chair method of dealing with people with
Theft / Shoplifting problems may be right for you. Counselors,
psychologists and some social workers offer their services and, if you
have insurance or can afford their fees, you would do well to explore
that route. Personally, I recommend a counselor or psychologist for
theft issues.
Another popular way to take a
Theft / Shoplifting class is by attending an in person
Theft / Shoplifting classroom. This
form of
Theft / Shoplifting class is often available in bigger cities.
Basically, there are two forms of in person
Theft / Shoplifting classes;
there is the
Theft / Shoplifting class
and the Theft / Shoplifting group .
If you don't
mind sharing your Theft / Shoplifting problems, or
simply prefer a group or classroom setting, a
Theft / Shoplifting class
or Theft / Shoplifting group might be suited to you.
TT Online Services™
offers two other forms of
Theft / Shoplifting classes. Our
Theft / Shoplifting classes are offered as an online
Theft / Shoplifting class
or a Theft / Shoplifting workbook (study at home). As previously noted
our
Theft / Shoplifting classes are educational in nature. One huge
benefit of an online
Theft / Shoplifting class is fidelity. Online
Theft / Shoplifting classes are delivered consistently the same way for each
client and eliminate natural human errors and omissions.
Our workbook
Theft / Shoplifting class consists of
the same content as the online class but is in a workbook format versus
online.
Tell me about the online
Theft / Shoplifting class.
It really is pretty simple. The first thing you do
is get registered so you can take your online
Theft / Shoplifting class -
it's free to register, (create an account). Try not to register more
than one time, you will likely lose track of usernames and passwords and
need to call our help center.
When you register you will be asked to input your
email address. This becomes important because after you register for the
online
Theft / Shoplifting class you will be sent an auto generated
email confirming your registration. If you don't get an email right away
we suggest you check your spam or junk-mail to see if it is there. You
will also be asked for the email address of the person who referred you
to our
Theft / Shoplifting class (If you have it). It is usually worth
taking the time to get that person's email address because that person
is sent a confirmation that you got registered for the
Theft / Shoplifting class and again when you complete your
Theft / Shoplifting class.
Once you are registered you need to pick the
Theft / Shoplifting class you want to take: The juvenile or adult version; the
impulse control version; the petit theft version (same class but
different certificate); the 4 hour
class, the 8 hour class.
Pick your class, click on the PayPal/Credit Card icon to pay for your
Theft / Shoplifting class and you are ready to go.
Are there added costs or other things to buy?
The TT Online Services™ Online
Theft / Shoplifting classes are 100% online. There are no additional items to buy and there are no added costs.
Will the TT Online
Services™ Online
Theft / Shoplifting class be accepted by the person who
referred me to a
Theft / Shoplifting class?
TT Online Services™
is a nationwide premier provider of online
Theft / Shoplifting classes
and has been accepted in every state in the country. That said, there is
no national standard for
Theft / Shoplifting classes and any judge,
probation officer or employer can accept a
Theft / Shoplifting class or
reject it. We do offer a money back guarantee (be sure to read the
details) if our online
Theft / Shoplifting class is not accepted.
Can I really take my
Theft / Shoplifting class anytime - day or night?
That's right! You can take your
Theft / Shoplifting class anytime, day or night, 23 hours a day 7 days a week. You also only
need to work on your
Theft / Shoplifting class for as long as you want
to. Stop and start when you want - the system will remember where you
last ended your
Theft / Shoplifting class.
Are your
Theft / Shoplifting class exams difficult to pass?
Our exams do have fairly high standards. If you want
to be sure to successfully complete any one chapter in your online
Theft / Shoplifting class you will very likely pass the exam if you
simply read the material in that chapter. The only people who report our
Theft / Shoplifting class exams to be problematic are the people who
tried "skimming" without learning. Our exams are typically reported to
be easy after the person actually reads the chapter.
What if I need help, have a problem or need support?
Support for our Theft / Shoplifting customers is
very important to TT Online Services™. We offer email support seven days
a week 15 hours a day. We provide phone support 10 hours a day on
weekdays. We are often available by phone on weekends. You can email support@thefttalk.com
and you will typically get a response in one hour or less.
How do I get my
Theft / Shoplifting class completion certificate?
After you have completed all of your
Theft / Shoplifting class a Completion Certificate is immediately activated and
made available to you - you can print it or save it as a pdf document. If you want TT Online Services™
to mail or email you a certificate, just ask - no added fee. Mailed
Theft / Shoplifting class Completion Certificates are embossed and can
be sent directly to the person who referred you to our
Theft / Shoplifting class.
Don't see your question here?
Go to our FAQ Page or
Email us and we will provide a prompt response.
Support@thefttalk.com
Anger Management Class
Temper Talk™
is an online anger management class. Our anger management classes are offered
for juveniles or adults as an 8 hr, 10 hr or 12 hr class.
Anger Management
Classes
8 hour anger class: $64
10 hour anger class:
$74
12 hour anger class:
$84
or, our anger management Correspondence Workbook course costs $94. Take
either the online anger management class or the workbook anger management class - not both.
[Sign Up Here]
This is a 100% completely online anger
management class that is 100% self paced. That's right, you can stop and start
anytime you want - on your time schedule! ? Sign out
and come back later, the computer will take you back to where you ended. Work on
it a half hour at a time, more sometimes, less others - you choose.
Our online classes are a convenient way to complete a court ordered, PO, diversion or school required program.
You can take the class from any
location in the United States, Europe, Canada or Australia with a computer and internet access.
There is nothing to download or print, simply register, log in, pay and begin your anger class.
Privacy | Professionals
An "8 hour" anger management class means that, on average, it takes 8 hours
for a person to complete the class.Your account is active for 1 year once you
are registered so you don't need to worry about getting locked out.
Temper Talk™ has been providing anger management classes since 1994. Our
services are guaranteed to be accepted by
your court, probation officer or school.
No extra charges, no fee for your Completion Certificate.
Temper Talk™ Class Cost:
8 hour anger class - $64
10 hour juvenile
theft class - $74
12 hr adult theft class -$84
Don't have a computer? No worry! You can take our online class at the library
or, we also offer a correspondence (through the mail) printed workbook. TemperTalk.com
Fellow Member of American Association of
Anger Management Providers.
Our Courses Include:
24 hour access to your class
Immediate Proof of Enrollment
Start and stop at any time - work at your pace
Use home computer or public library
A world class learning experience
User friendly
Support by phone weekdays, by email 7 days a week
Free Certificate of Completion immediately available upon completion
Our Philosophy
Change your thoughts and you change your world .
~Norman Vincent Peale
(1898 - 1993)
(Click For Details)
Temper Talk ™
Theft Talk™
Anger Management Classes
in your State
Alabama Anger Management Classes
Alaska Anger Management Classes
Arizona Anger Management Classes
Arkansas Anger Management Classes
California Anger Management Classes
Colorado Anger Management Classes
Connecticut Anger Management Classes
DC Anger Management Classes
Delaware Anger Management Classes
Florida Anger Management Classes
Georgia Anger Management Classes
Guam Anger Management Classes
Hawaii Anger Management Classes
Idaho Anger Management Classes
Illinois Anger Management Classes
Indiana Anger Management Classes
Iowa Anger Management Classes
Kansas Anger Management Classes
Kentucky Anger Management Classes
Louisiana Anger Management Classes
Maine Anger Management Classes
Maryland Anger Management Classes
Massachusetts Anger Management Classes
Michigan Anger Management Classes
Minnesota Anger Management Classes
Mississippi Anger Management Classes
Missouri Anger Management Classes
Montana Anger Management Classes
Nebraska Anger Management Classes
Nevada Anger Management Classes
New Hampshire Anger Management Classes
New Jersey Anger Management Classes
New Mexico Anger Management Classes
New York Anger Management Classes
North Carolina Anger Management Classes
North Dakota Anger Management Classes
Ohio Anger Management Classes
Oklahoma Anger Management Classes
Oregon Anger Management Classes
Pennsylvania Anger Management Classes
Rhode Island Anger Management Classes
South Carolina Anger Management Classes
South Dakota Anger Management Classes
Tennessee Anger Management Classes
Texas Anger Management Classes
Utah Anger Management Classes
Vermont Anger Management Classes
Virginia Anger Management Classes
Washington Anger Management Classes
West Virginia Anger Management Classes
Wisconsin Anger Management Classes
Wyoming Anger Management Classes
Copyright ©2005~2020-21TT Online Services | Theft Talk | Temper Talk
About Us | Contact Us | FAQ