https://uamshealth.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
Toggle Search
Search
Choose which site to search.
Current site
All of UAMS
Areas of Expertise
Locations
Providers
Patients & Guests
Referring Physicians
Make an Appointment
UAMS HealthPrivacy
UAMS is committed to your right to privacy. Any and all information collected on UAMS Health websites is kept strictly confidential and is not disclosed without prior consent. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Patient Privacy
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES [PDF]AVISO DE PRÁCTICAS DE PRIVACIDAD [PDF]
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:UAMS does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected on our site.
Browser information:
UAMS analyzes web site logs and first-person cookies to constantly improve the value of the materials available on UAMS Health websites. The web site logs and cookies are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals who browse the site.
Use of cookies:Cookies may be used on some areas of UAMS Health websites
It is UAMS policy to use cookies to make the use of our web site easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures. In most cases, a visitor can refuse a cookie and still fully navigate UAMS Health websites
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information:UAMS collects very little personally identifiable information from visitors of UAMS Health websites. Usually, data is only collected when a visitor requests additional information, registers for specialized areas of the site, or submits a resume.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information:Information obtained by the site is used only for the intended purpose stated when information is collected. Data is not used for secondary or unrelated purposes, or shared with a third party, unless otherwise disclosed at the point of collection. If their information may be shared, visitors will be asked for permission beforehand.
Legal Notices
CopyrightAll content included on UAMShealth.com and other UAMS Health websites including but not limited to , text, graphics and images, is, unless otherwise noted, copyrighted under United States law and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on UAMShealth.com is the exclusive property of UAMS and protected by United States and international copyright laws. No use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is permitted without the written permission of the appropriate authorized UAMS representative.
Report Copyright InfringementsTo report possible copyright infringements on UAMShealth.com or other UAMS Health websites, please notify:
Office of General Counsel4301 W Markham St, #860Little Rock, AR 72205Telephone: 501-686-7608Fax: 501-686-7736
The Office of General Counsel is the agent designated under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, P.L. 105-304.
TrademarksAny and all trademarks, servicemarks and trade names associated with UAMS or UAMShealth.com shall not be used in connection with any product or service that is not associated with UAMS or UAMShealth.com, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits UAMS or UAMShealth.com.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of UAMS or any third party.
No Client RelationshipNo client, advisory, fiduciary or professional relationship is implicated or established on behalf of UAMS by viewing UAMShealth.com or UAMS Health websites.  Neither UAMS nor any employee, agent or representative, in connection with UAMShealth.com, is engaged in consultation or rendering of any other professional services or advice.
Disclaimers; Limitation of liabilitiesUAMShealth.com is provided by UAMS on an “as is” basis. UAMS makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content or materials included on this site. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, UAMS disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. UAMS is not liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of UAMShealth.com, including but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or other damages whatsoever (including liability for loss of use, data or profits).
UAMS may provide links to other sites through UAMShealth.com or UAMS Health websites that are not maintained by UAMS. UAMS neither monitors nor endorses other sites nor does it make any representations or warranties with respect thereto.
Applicable lawThe terms of use found on UAMShealth.com are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of Arkansas, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. If any part of these terms of use are unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of remaining terms.
Please share your location to continue