https://ucp.org/privacy-policy/
Contact: (202) 776-0406
Toggle navigation
DONATENOW
Donate to a UCP Affiliate
Donate to UCP National
Who We Are
Our History
Our Mission
National Staff
Board of Trustees
Financial Information
Contact Us
Our Network
Find An Affiliate
Join the UCP Affiliate Network
For UCP Affiliates
Explore Resources
Resource Guide
Parents and Families
Education
Employment
Assistive Technology
Health and Wellness
Healthcare
Safety
Travel and Transportation
Housing Help
Research and Statistics
International Resources
Disability Etiquette
Public Policy
Case For Inclusion
Policy, Principles and Positions
News & Events
Press Release & Communications
Previous UCP Annual Meetings
Social Media
Join Our Newsletter List
Careers
Privacy Policy
Listen
PRIVACY POLICY
UCP is committed to safeguarding your personal privacy. UCP’s Privacy Policy applies to personally identifiable information, which is any information that could be used to contact or locate the individual to whom it relates: name, address, telephone number, or any other identifying information. Personally identifiable information doesn’t include information that is collected anonymously or information about groups of people rather than individuals.
Please read the following policy to understand how the personal information you may choose to provide will be treated as you make full use of the offerings of this site. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back for updates.
What Information Does UCP Collect?
To maximize the benefits provided by this site, we encourage all users to use the UCP feedback form, which is linked directly to the home page. Without this information, you would be anonymous to us and it would limit our ability to provide the most useful services to our users and supporters. The types of information requested include your name, address, zip code, e-mail address, telephone number, and organization. There is also a “comments” section where you can enter additional information. When provided voluntarily, UCP collects and maintains the following types of information:
Contact information such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address
Donation information
Information on events attended, publications received and special requests for program information
Information provided by an individual in the form of comments and suggestions
This confidential information is kept on file for IRS purposes. It’s also used to analyze overall giving patterns in order to make more accurate budget projections, as well as to understand donors’ interests in our mission and to update them on the organization’s plans and activities. This information is shared with staff, board members, volunteers, and consultants only on a confidential and need-to-know basis.
Opportunity to Decide Whether to Provide Information
Provision of the information described above is strictly voluntary. Although we hope most users of the site will use the feedback form, it is your choice to do so and access to the site is not dependent on providing the information.
How is the Personal Information Used?
Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, we will keep your personally identifiable information private and will not share it with third parties unless such disclosure is necessary and permitted by applicable law to (a) comply with legal process (such as a court order) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (b) protect our rights or property; (c) enforce any terms and conditions of use or agreements applicable to our Website and that incorporate this Policy by reference; (d) protect the interest of users of our Website, other than you, or any other person; or (e) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of our services or equipment, as authorized by law.
The information you provide to us in the feedback form, including any information and views included in the comments section, will be used to learn more about the community we serve, to provide individual users access to information, products and services that best fit their interests and needs, and to have a way of contacting you in the future regarding the activities and services of UCP and its many affiliates.
How Is My Personally Identifiable Information Safeguarded?
We make every reasonable effort to ensure that personal information is accurate and complete. We rely on individuals to notify us if there is a change to their personal information that may affect their relationship with our organization.
We protect personal information in a manner appropriate for the sensitivity of the information. We use appropriate security measures when destroying personal information, including shredding paper records and permanently deleting electronic records.
We make every reasonable effort to prevent any loss, misuse, disclosure or modification of personal information, as well as any unauthorized access to personal information.
Accessing and Amending Your Personal Information
If after providing this information to us, you decide at some point that you no longer wish to be contacted regarding the benefits and services we provide, you can simply contact us by e-mail and stop the use of your personal information in this manner. With respect to any use of your credit card on this site, such information of course will be covered by our software protection program and its use will be strictly limited to completing the specific transaction with the credit card company.
You may contact us at development@ucp.org or at
United Cerebral Palsy
1825 K Street, NW Suite 600
Washington, DC 20006
800.872.5827
Will the Personal Information I Provide Be Given to Third Parties?
Whenever we use a call center, mail house, or any other third party who may need to receive or handle personally identifiable information on our behalf, we require them to enter into a written non-disclosure agreement and agree not to use personally identifiable information for any purpose other than the purpose for which we retained them. We also require any third parties we retain to comply with all applicable state, federal, and international privacy requirements.
In order to further strengthen this organization and expand the services we offer to the community, UCP has entered into a number of corporate partnerships with leading companies. These corporate partners offer products and services in which many of our supporters are interested, and the business generated through these partnerships directly benefits UCP as well. The only personal information we provide to these partners at this time is your name and address from the feedback form. However, if you provide this information in the UCP feedback form but do not want it given to anyone else, you have the opportunity online to opt not to have this information provided to our corporate sponsors or other third parties.
Donor Bill of Rights
UCP subscribes to the Donor Bill of Rights, created by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE), and the Giving Institute: Leading Consultants to Non-Profits.
The Donor Bill of Rights
Philanthropy is based on voluntary action for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
I. To be informed of the organization’s mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and of its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes.
II. To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization’s governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
III. To have access to the organization’s most recent financial statements.
IV. To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
V. To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
VI. To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
VII. To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
VIII. To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization or hired solicitors.
IX. To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
X. To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
Are “Cookies” Used On This Site?
A “cookie” is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a Web server which is stored on your computer’s hard drive and used to store or sometimes track information about your use of a site.
This site uses cookies to remember your information if you choose to log in or to leave a comment. These are the only activities for which we store personally identifiable information in a cookie.
This site may occasionally set other cookies, not containing any personal information, for the sake of remembering certain preferences in your use of the website.
This site also uses Google Analytics for aggregate traffic analysis, including: total number of visitors, most visited sections, peak traffic times, time spent on the site, browser versions utilized, referring Web sites, search engines used, etc. We use this information to improve the quality of the UCP site for our audience. If you are not comfortable with this data collection, you may wish to use Google’s opt-out tool at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We do provide links to other Web sites which may use their own cookies and you should familiarize yourself with their practices. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those Web sites.
Aggregate Survey Information
We will protect any personal information you provide as described above, however, UCP reserves the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group. This data does not contain any personally identifiable information. For instance, we might report to current or potential partners or advertisers that a certain percentage of our users live in a specific area of the country, or represent certain types of organizations, or have certain types of interests. This type of survey information is intended to allow a more targeted selection of benefits and opportunities for our users as a group.
Parents and Children Under the Age of 18
If you are under the age of 18, be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself to this site or to anyone over the Internet. UCP recommends as a general matter that parents accompany children under the age of 18 when using content on the Internet and that you carefully review this privacy policy before any personal information about children is provided to the site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
UCP reserves the right to amend or alter its online privacy policy at any time without notice by posting such change to this site.
It’s a civil rights movement
The UCP network has helped millions of people live life without limits, dream different dreams and change the paradigm of care and standard of living for people with a spectrum of disabilities.
It all began in 1949, when parents of children with cerebral palsy came together, looking for help, answers and information, and UCP was founded.
The first half of the 20th century was a difficult time for people with disabilities – but throughout the 1950s and 60s, UCP raised awareness about horrific living conditions, leading to liberation of thousands of people from institutions nationwide.
We’re still pushing for civil rights protections and public policies that provide support that ensures fair and full citizenship for people with disabilities.
It’s a commitment to a life without limits for people with disabilities
We’re committed to change and progress for adults and children with disabilities, whether it is a disability evidenced from birth, the result of an accident, or as a consequence of aging.
UCP local service providers, known as affiliates, provide services and support on a community-by-community basis, serving the unique needs of people with disabilities in their region.
There is a significant percentage of people served by UCP affiliates that have disabilities other than cerebral palsy, including Down Syndrome, Autism Spectrum Disorder, physical disabilities and traumatic brain injury (TBI).
UCP provides an online resource and community, My Child Without Limits, for parents and caregivers to exchange information and to help young children with any developmental disability or delay, start achieving a life without limits at an early age.
It’s about today and tomorrow
By harnessing innovation—from adaptive technologies to the ingenuity and pioneering spirit of our affiliates—we are advancing independence and productivity for people with disabilities.
We strive to build a better world for tomorrow, today
The backbone of UCP is the services provided by our affiliates, including housing, therapy, assistive technology training, early intervention programs, individual and family support, social and recreation programs, community living, state and local referrals, employment assistance and advocacy.
Moving forward, we will continue to advance independence by making cutting edge, life changing technologies accessible and affordable.
Our History
Our Staff.
CONTACTContact Us
ABOUT USPrivacy Policy
1825 K Street NW Suite 600 Washington, DC 20006 TAX ID NUMBER 20-3568840
Search for:
Search
Copyright © 2018 United Cerebral Palsy