https://unityhealth.to/protecting-your-privacy/
COVID-19 has temporarily changed the way the privacy office receives and communicates concerns and requests from patients (or about personal health information) under the Personal Health Information Protection Act, as well as requests for organizational information under the Freedom of Information & Protection of Privacy Act. Due to COVID-19 there may be delays in receiving mail and couriers to the Privacy Office.
Please go to accessing your health records page for more information about accessing a patient health record at this time.
Please call the Privacy Office at 416-864-6088 to discuss patient-related questions, concerns or requests. Emails can be sent to privacy@unityhealth.to, but users should note that email is not secure. Email sent to this address could be seen by email or internet service providers, or intercepted and seen by others. Only send information that you do not feel is sensitive.
Please send FOI requests for organizational information to fippa@unityhealth.to or call us at 416-864-6088 to discuss.
Privacy at Unity Health Toronto
At Unity Health Toronto, we are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your information. The role of the Privacy Office at Unity Health Toronto is to ensure that the personal health information of our patients, clients and residents is kept just that — personal.
Ontario’s Personal Health Information Protection Act lists the rules for the collection, use and disclosure (sharing) of personal health information.
Our commitment to you
As part of our commitment to protecting the information of our patients, clients and residents, we have a number of policies in place for physicians, staff, volunteers and researchers that address confidentiality and privacy, security, and release of records.
For more information, please go to one of the following pages:
Our privacy notice – a summary of how we protect personal health information
How to access your health record – personal health information about a resident or patient from our medical records
FAQs – detailed questions and answers about how we protect personal health information
Making a Freedom of Information (FOI) request – how to access business-related information
How to contact us
For more information about how we handle your personal health information and protect your privacy, or to raise a concern you may have about our practices, please contact us at:
By mail:
Privacy Office
Unity Health Toronto c/o St. Michael’s Hospital
30 Bond St.
Toronto, Ontario M5B 1W8
By telephone: 416-864-6088
By email: privacy@unityhealth.to
Please note that the security of email messages is not guaranteed. Messages may be forged, forwarded, or seen by others using the internet. Patients should not use email to discuss sensitive information, or use email in an emergency since email delivery may be delayed.
If you are not satisfied with how we resolve your question or concern, you may contact the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario at:
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario
2 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400
Toronto, Ontario M4W 1A8
416-326-3333
commissioner@ipc.on.ca
www.ipc.on.ca
Providence: 416-285-3666
St. Joseph’s: 416-530-6000
St. Michael’s: 416-360-4000
30 Bond St., Toronto, Ontario M5B 1W8, Canada.
© 2020 Unity Health Toronto. All rights reserved.
Working together to reopen
Your safety
Virtual care
Visiting a patient or resident
Preparing for your appointment