https://us.eisai.com/privacy-policy
Home >
Privacy Policy >
< Back
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: January 1, 2020
In this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”), we, Eisai Inc. (“Eisai”), describe our practices regarding Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) that we collect through this website, other online resources and offline through our interactions with you (collectively, the “Services”). Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting any Personally Identifiable Information through the site. By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy, including all its terms with respect to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of Personally Identifiable Information.
This policy is intended for use by residents of the United States only.
We reserve the right to change this Policy without prior notice. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Policy will become effective upon our posting of the revised Policy on this website. Use of the Services following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.
WHAT IS PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (PII)?
It’s information that identifies you as an individual, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, financial account number, etc.).
HOW DOES EISAI COLLECT PII?
Directly from you and other consumers
Through our websites and mobile apps
Through automated technologies and online tools (e.g., cookies)
Through devices that you use or wear
From health care professionals and medical institutions
From contract research organizations and clinical trial investigators
From individuals enrolled in clinical trials
From government agencies or public records
From third party service providers, data brokers or business partners
From industry and patient groups and associations
From time to time, we may use or augment the PII we have about you with information obtained from other sources,
such as public databases, social media platforms and other third parties.
WHAT TYPES OF PII DOES EISAI COLLECT?
Contact information and preferences (such as, but not limited to, name; email address; mailing address; phone number; and emergency contact information)
Biographical and demographic information (such as, but not limited to, date of birth, age, gender, ethnicity and marital status)
Health and medical information (such as, but not limited to, information about physical and mental health conditions and diagnoses; treatments for medical conditions; genetic information; family medical history; test results; blood data; and medications an individual may take, including the dosage, timing and frequency)
Physical and biological information (such as, but not limited to, voice, heart rate, blood pressure, height and weight), whether self-reported or obtained through devices
Information collected in connection with managing clinical trials; conducting research; providing patient assistance programs; distributing and marketing our products; managing compassionate use and expanded access programs; and tracking adverse event reports
Information regarding any parents or legal guardians
Financial information to complete a transaction or determine eligibility for patient assistance programs
Username and password that you may select in connection with establishing an account on our websites or mobile apps
Your photograph, social media handle or digital or electronic signature
Publicly available information
Internet activity, such as your browsing history; your search history; IP address and information on your interaction with our Services and advertisements; as well as interaction with other websites
Inferences drawn from other PII listed above, to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics,
behavior, attitudes and abilities
If you’re a health care provider, Eisai may also collect the following PII:
Professional credentials, educational and professional history; institutional and government affiliations; and information included on a resume or curriculum vitae education and work history (such as work experience, education and languages spoken)
Information about Eisai and third-party programs, products and activities with which you have engaged
Details about our interactions with you; your prescribing of our products; the agreements you have executed with us; and any payments made to you for services provided
Publicly available information related to your practice, such as license information; disciplinary history; prior litigation and regulatory proceedings; and other due diligence-related information
Information collected by automated means and online tools
Eisai and third-party service providers used by Eisai also may collect PII from you through browser navigational tools, cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies. Below are descriptions of the online tools Eisai may use:
Browser navigational tools. We and our service providers may collect certain technology data, such as your computer type (Windows or Macintosh); screen resolution; Operating System (“OS”) version; Internet browser; and Internet browser version. This type of information is collected by most browsers, and can be used to optimize your experience on our websites and apps.
Cookies. We and our service providers may use “cookies.” A cookie is a bit of information that a website sends to your Web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences. There are two principle types of cookies:
“Session” cookies are temporary bits of information that are used to improve website navigation, block website visitors from providing information where inappropriate, and collect aggregate statistical information on a website. These cookies are erased once you exit your web browser or otherwise turn off your computer.
“Persistent” cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there until you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer so that we can, for example, retrieve information you have previously provided (such as passwords); better determine what areas of the website you find most valuable; and customize the website based on your preferences on an ongoing basis.
You can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled won’t recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost. learn more about cookies.
At this time, our websites don’t respond to Do-Not-Track signals.
Pixel tags. We and our service providers may also use so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar technologies (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) in connection with some site pages and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things: track the online activity of site users and email recipients (including activity on other websites); determine the success of marketing campaigns; and compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates.
Other sources. Eisai also may collect indications of your interests, your geographic location and other demographic information that you or others provide.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING (IBA)
We try to deliver advertising for products and services you have expressed an interest in. We may partner with advertising companies that may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags), or use other technologies, to serve you ads based on your web browsing activity, purchases, interests and/or other information. This practice is commonly referred to as interest-based advertising (IBA) or online behavioral advertising (OBA). Advertising companies may also use these types of technologies to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone or a laptop, and serve you ads on websites you visit and applications you use. read more about IBA .
Want to opt out of having your information used for IBA purposes on the device on which you’re accessing this Privacy Policy? learn how
Want to see your current IBA status? check it now
How Does Eisai Use PII Collected Through the Services?
Eisai may use PII and information collected through the Services for the following purposes:
Fulfilling and responding to requests. We and our service providers may use PII you provide to fulfill your requests, such as to send you information; fulfill or ship a purchase order; or enroll you in an Eisai program.
Responding to your inquiries. We may use PII you provide in order to respond to your questions
about applications, clinical trials and other services.
Administrative communications. We may use PII to send you important information, such as changes to our terms, conditions, policies and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be important, you may not opt out of receiving such communications. For example, you can’t opt out of receiving communications regarding the safety or recall of an Eisai product.
Marketing communications. We may use PII that you or third parties provide to inform you of products, programs, services and surveys that we believe may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving such communications, as described in the “Choices” section below.
Research. We may use the information we collect from you, our service providers, health care practitioners, publicly available sources and other third parties to conduct surveys; to identify and recruit individuals to participate in our research programs; to interview individuals relating to our research; or to create directories and compile databases of contact information.
Clinical trials. If you participate or apply to participate in a clinical trial, Eisai will use PII collected in connection with that clinical trial. For example, Eisai may use your PII to determine your eligibility for a clinical trial now or in the future.
Payment. We use financial information to complete requested transactions. We may also use your PII to provide payment to individuals who receive honoraria.
Online services. We collect and use information about how you and other users interact with our online services through our websites, apps and online tools. We use this information in order to compile statistics for analysis of our Services and our business.
Internal business purposes. We may use PII collected from any of the sources listed in the “How Does Eisai Collect PII?” section of this policy for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis; audits; developing new products and projects; compensation; enhancing our website; improving our services; identifying usage trends; and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
Legal and regulatory. Eisai may use any PII to meet legal and regulatory requirements and to protect against fraud, suspicious or other illegal activities.
We may aggregate or de-identify any personal data that we collect in connection with our Services, such that the information is no longer personally identifiable or attributable to you. We may use such aggregated or de-identified information for our own legitimate business purposes without restriction.
We don’t sell personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PII?
Affiliated entities. We may share PII with our affiliated companies, including Eisai Co. Ltd. (our parent company in Japan), and with any other companies within the Eisai group of companies.
Service providers. We may share PII with service providers who provide us with services, such as data analysis; payment processing; order fulfillment; infrastructure provision; IT services; legal services; customer service; email delivery services; credit card processing; and other similar services. We grant our service providers access to PII only to the extent needed for them to perform their functions, and require them to protect the confidentiality and security of such PII.
Commercial and collaboration partners. We may share PII with unaffiliated third parties who partner with us to deliver a Service or on our commercial or research activities. Depending on the choices you’ve made and the nature of the joint activity, these third parties may contact you regarding Eisai-related products, programs, services and promotions that may be of interest to you. However, we don’t sell, rent or otherwise share your PII with any unaffiliated third parties for their own use or marketing purposes.
At your direction. With other parties with your consent or at your direction.
Business transfers or assignments. In the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture or collaboration, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we may transfer any and all information that we collect from site users or offline to a third party.
Law enforcement, government authorities, emergencies and compliance.We may disclose PII about you to others as we believe to be appropriate:
1. Under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence
2. To comply with legal process
3. To respond to requests from public and government authorities (including public and government authorities outside your country of residence), as well as to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations imposed by such authorities
4. To enforce our terms and conditions
5. To protect our operations or those of any of our affiliated companies
6. To protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Eisai, our affiliated companies, you or others
7. To permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We have no obligation to notify you of such disclosures, except as required by applicable law.
SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND CLINICAL TRIALS
Eisai may offer apps, special programs, clinical trials, activities, events, discounts or promotions (“Program(s)”) that have unique or additional specific terms, privacy notices and/or consent forms that explain how any information you provide will be processed in connection with such Program(s). You should review the terms applicable to the specific Program(s) before interacting or participating in the program.
MARKETING
If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving such emails by following the “unsubscribe” directions on the emails or by changing your preference settings. We’ll endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
CHOICES AND RIGHTS
You may have certain rights and choices regarding our processing of your personal data. Depending on your
jurisdiction, applicable law may entitle you to additional consumer rights, including the right to:
Know the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information collected about you, including whether your
personal information is sold or disclosed, and with whom your personal information was shared.
Access a copy of the personal information we retain about you.
Request deletion of your personal information.
You may submit a request by contacting the toll-free number or filling out the online form referenced in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy. We reserve the right to verify your identity in connection with any requests regarding personal data to help ensure that we provide the information we maintain to the individuals to whom it pertains, and allow only those individuals or their authorized representatives to exercise rights with respect to that information. Verification may be performed by checking information you provide against information on file with Eisai. If you’re an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer, we may require and request additional information and an authorization to verify that you’re authorized to make that request.
We reserve the right to deny your request if we can’t verify your identify. Where we deny your request in whole or in part, we’ll endeavor to inform you of the denial, provide an explanation of our actions and provide the reasons for the denial.
We won’t restrict or deny you access to our Services because of choices and requests you make in connection with your PII. Please note, certain choices may affect our ability to deliver the Services. For example, if you apply to participate in a clinical trial and then ask Eisai to delete your information, we won’t be able to evaluate your eligibility for that trial or future trials.
Recruiting and Onboarding Portal/Site. Eisai also operates a recruiting and onboarding portal and website (“career portal/site”) to support Eisai’s recruitment efforts. The following additional provisions are applicable only to the career portal/site. Any employment offer that may result from your submitting information in response to a job opening listed on the career portal/site is in accordance with the specific terms of that offer and isn’t based in any way on the description of the job on the career portal/site. Except as otherwise prohibited by law, nothing on the career portal/site shall be construed as a contract of employment or as a guarantee of continued employment or employment for any specific duration. Employment with Eisai is "at will." That means if you’re hired, either you or Eisai can separate your employment at any time without notice or cause.
PII you submit through the career portal/site may include, but isn’t limited to: name; log-in and password, for users of the career portal/site; telephone number; email address; mailing address; age; date of birth; gender; Social Security number; driver’s license number; CV, résumé, cover letter, previous work experience and education information; employment preferences; willingness to relocate; desired salary; professional and other work-related licenses, permits and certifications held; language and other relevant skills; awards and professional memberships; eligibility to work in the United States; and available start date. We don’t require, but you may voluntarily choose to provide, other relevant information as part of your application. We’d prefer that you avoid submitting the following sensitive information, except where such information is legally required, or needed for us to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies relating to diversity and anti-discrimination: medical or health conditions; sexual orientation; race; ethnic origin; religious or philosophical beliefs; marital status; trade union membership; creed; nationality; national origin; and/or color.
The information that you submit in the career portal/site will be stored in the United States. It may be accessed, collected, used, transferred and disclosed by employees, consultants and/or service providers of Eisai around the world for Eisai’s recruitment functions and for related management and planning purposes, including, as permitted by local law, to: process your application; assess your capabilities and qualifications for a job; provide you with any services available on the career portal/site from time to time; communicate with you; comply with any applicable law or regulation; compile internal reports, including diversity and distribution metrics; and monitor and record services whether provided by a Eisai company or a third party.
PII you submit through the career portal/site will be added to Eisai’s candidate database and will be used for the purposes of considering whether your profile is suitable for other job vacancies at Eisai. If we elect to make you an offer, PII you submit may be incorporated into our human resources system and used to manage the new-hire process. If you become an employee, any PII that you submit may become part of your employment file and may be used for other employment/work-related purposes as permitted by local law. PII you submit through the career portal/site will be reviewed by Eisai employees or agents who have a business need to access such personal information. This may include recruiters, human resources personnel, technical services personnel and managers. We may share PII you provide as part of your application with selected service providers or consultants acting on our behalf, such as third parties assisting Eisai with the operation of the career portal/site and the storage of information collected on the career portal/site. Any such third party will be required to use appropriate measures to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information which are no less protective that those set out in this Policy.
OTHER ASPECTS OF OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES
Third-party sites. The Services may contain links to and/or operate on third-party websites. These linked sites (including, without limitation, the websites of our affiliates in the Eisai group of companies) aren’t under Eisai’s control and we’re not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. If you provide any PII through any such third-party website, your transaction will occur on such third party’s website and the PII you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy policy of, that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of any such third parties, which aren’t governed by this Privacy Policy.
Security. We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please don’t send us information you consider confidential via email. It’s your personal responsibility to secure your own copies of your passwords and related access codes for our online resources.
Data integrity and retention. We’ll retain PII about you for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy or Eisai’s data retention policies unless a longer retention period is required by law.
Data transfers. Any PII you provide to us may be stored and processed, transferred between and accessed from the United States (including our group companies and our external IT service providers), Japan and other countries which may not guarantee the same level of protection of PII as the one in which you reside. However, we’ll handle your PII in accordance with this Privacy Policy regardless of where your PII is stored/accessed. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your PII don’t breach the privacy obligations relating to your PII.
Children’s privacy. This website and any accompanying services offered aren’t directed at children who are under 13 years of age. It’s Eisai’s policy to require that individuals requesting information on our products be 13 years of age or older. Please note, we may collect the Personal Information of minors in connection with other business activities, such as adverse event reporting. Should we receive Personal Information from a person who we know is under 13, we’ll endeavor to delete such information from our website database. The information won’t be used for any purpose. If you believe that a person under 13 has provided us with his or her Personal Information, please notify us so that we can take reasonable steps to remove the information from our database.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may at any time in our sole discretion revise or update this Privacy Policy. We’ll post any changes on this page and indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. You may read a current, effective copy of this Privacy Policy at any time by visiting this page. We’ll also notify you of any material changes through reasonable means. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of the Privacy Policy as amended or revised by us from the Effective Date.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions, comments, requests or concerns related to this Privacy Policy, Eisai’s information practices or how to access this policy in another format, please contact us at:
Eisai Inc.
Privacy Office
100 Tice Boulevard
Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07801
P: 833-746-2910
Fax: 201-692-1804
E: esi_privacyandrequests@eisai.com
If you're a California resident and would like to make a data subject request, please be sure to upgrade your browser to Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari or Microsoft Edge and visit our California Residents Only portal, or call our toll-free number, 1-833-746-2910.
Last updated: January 1, 2020