https://us.eisai.com/legal-notices
Home >
Legal Notices >
< Back
LEGAL NOTICES & INDUSTRY PRACTICES
CONDITIONS OF USE
Eisai provides this website for your personal information. You may browse or download any materials on this website for your personal, non-commercial use only. All content of this website is owned or controlled by Eisai or its affiliates and is protected by all applicable copyright laws. All copyright and other proprietary notices contained in downloaded materials must be retained. Through your access to and use of this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, all terms and conditions of this Legal Notices section, as may be amended from time to time.
JURISDICTION
This website and its content are designed to comply with the laws and regulations of the United States of America. Although it may be accessed worldwide, this website and its content are intended only for residents of the United States.
This website may contain links to other sites produced by Eisai's affiliates, some of which are located outside the United States. Those sites may have information appropriate only to the particular country in which the originating affiliate and site are based. Nothing in this website should be interpreted as a promotion or solicitation for any product that isn’t authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where you’re located.
NO MEDICAL ADVICE
This website may contain information relating to various medical conditions and their treatment. Such information isn’t meant to be a substitute for the advice of a physician or other health care professional. You shouldn’t use this information for diagnosing a health problem or disease. In order for you to make appropriate health care decisions, you should always consult with your physician or other health care provider for your personal medical needs.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please refer to Eisai's Privacy Policy for information on how we protect your personal information.
OUR SOCIAL MEDIA COMMUNITY GUIDELINES (TWITTER, FACEBOOK, YOUTUBE)
Eisai Inc. operates in a highly regulated environment. Please follow these common-sense guidelines when commenting or posting.
UNSOLICITED SUBMISSIONS
Under no circumstances should you use this website or any of the telephone numbers, fax numbers or mailing addresses listed on this website to send Eisai confidential or proprietary information. Your unsolicited communications to us, including any proposals, data, questions, comments or similar such materials and information, other than the personal information described above, will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary information, and don’t establish or imply any confidential relationship between you and Eisai. Eisai reserves the right to use any such communications, including without limitation, any ideas, concepts, know-how, processes or techniques for any purpose whatsoever, including by reproducing, disclosing and distributing such information or otherwise using such information in connection with the development, manufacture and marketing of products or services.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
As a convenience, from time to time, this website may contain certain links to websites that we think may be useful or of interest to you. The owners of this site don’t regularly review materials posted on any linked or referenced sites, nor do the owners of this site review any linked or referenced sites' privacy practices or their collection of personal information of visitors. Eisai shall not be liable for any damages or injuries arising from the content on a linked or referenced site or the collection, maintenance or distribution of personal or other information on a linked or referenced site, whether actively or passively obtained.
COPYRIGHT © EISAI INC. 2020. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Documents published by Eisai on this website may not be copied, other than for non-commercial, individual reference with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained, and thereafter may not be recopied, reproduced or otherwise redistributed. Nothing contained in this website shall be construed as conferring on you any license or right under any copyright, patent or trademark of Eisai, its parent or affiliates, or any third party, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained in this website shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any Eisai copyright.
NO WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
Eisai makes no representations or warranties as to the timeliness, availability, accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this website. Like any printed materials, the information provided in this website may become outdated over time. Eisai undertakes no obligation to correct or update any information on this website. Eisai may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or services described in this information at any time without notice and reserves the right to alter or delete information in the website at any time. All information on this website is provided "AS IS," without any warranties, including but not limited to IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. All visitors to this website agree that all access to and use of this website and its content are at their own risk. Neither Eisai nor any party involved in creating, producing or delivering this website shall be liable for any injury or any direct, indirect, special, exemplary, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages arising out of access to, use of or inability to use this website or any errors or omissions in the content thereof or from reliance on any information on this website, even if Eisai is informed of the possibility of such damages.
TRADEMARKS
All product names, trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively referred to as "Trademarks") displayed on this website are the property of Eisai Inc., its affiliates, related companies, licensors or business partners. The use or misuse of these Trademarks or any other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of the laws of copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity, slander, libel and communications. Please be advised that Eisai actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Images of people or places displayed on this website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Eisai. The use of these images by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by the terms and conditions of this website. Unauthorized use of the images may violate the laws of copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity and communications.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Materials in this website may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements as defined by the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In particular, forward-looking statements relate to future actions, prospective products or product approvals, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses and financial results. Such statements are based on Eisai's estimates, assumptions and projections and are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Eisai. Inaccurate assumptions and known or unknown risks and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and commercialization, product regulation and other risks associated with the pharmaceutical industry could cause actual future results to differ materially from the information herein. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed.