https://valleyeye.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to mycapstonevision.com and Valley Eye Associates and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Valley Eye Associates include valleyeye.com. The Valley Eye Associates website is an eyecare clinic site. By using the Valley Eye Associates website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Valley Eye Associates may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of Your Personal Information
Valley Eye Associates collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Valley Eye Associates may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Valley Eye Associates and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Valley Eye Associates does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Valley Eye Associates may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Valley Eye Associates, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Valley Eye Associates may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Valley Eye Associates or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Valley Eye Associates; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Valley Eye Associates, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Valley Eye Associates. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Valley Eye Associates website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows Valley Eye Associates or a third party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the website more useful to you. Cookies can be persistent or session cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our website. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. When you use and access this website, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions
To provide analytics
To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to report usage statistics of this website and deliver advertisements on and through this website. Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they deliver, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also may combine this information with personal information they collect from you. The collection and use of that information is subject to the third party’s privacy policy. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org).
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
This website includes embedded content (e.g. videos, images, maps, forms, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. This website uses the following third-party cookies:
Cookie Name
Source
Expiration Time
Description
vuid
Vimeo
2 years
Used by Vimeo to collect analytics tracking information on videos that are embedded on this website.
ai_user
Medchat
1 year
Used by Medchat software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. The tool uses cookies to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. Google Analytics uses the following cookies:
Cookie Name
Source
Expiration Time
Description
_ga
Google
2 years
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gid
Google
1 day
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gat
Google
1 day
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
r/collect
Google
Session
This cookie is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device behavior. It tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage. Read more about how Google Analytics uses your data.
Tracking Pixels
This website uses tracking pixels to help us measure the return on investment of digital ads by reporting on the actions people take after viewing those ads. We create pixels that track conversions, add them to the pages of their website where the conversions will happen, and then track these conversions back to ads where they are running. No personal information is contained in or collected as a result of using these cookies or pixels. The pixels installed on this website use the following cookies:
Cookie Name
Source
Expiration Time
Description
_fbp
Facebook
3 months
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisements products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
fr
Facebook
3 months
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisements products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Security of your Personal Information
Valley Eye Associates secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Valley Eye Associates uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under 13
Valley Eye Associates does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Valley Eye Associates may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Valley Eye Associates or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Valley Eye Associates, you may opt out of such communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Valley Eye Associates reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Valley Eye Associates welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Valley Eye Associates has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us.
Our ServicesCataracts
LASIK
Dry Eye
Other Services
Our LocationsWest Side
East Side
Oshkosh
Encircle Health
Spencer Street
Contact UsSend Us a Message
(800) 344-4443
Schedule a Consultation
Career OpportunitiesLeave Us a Review Facebook
Google
Yelp
Healthgrades
Scroll to top
We are working on closing our books for the year. Any payments taken on or after Friday, December 11, 2020 will not be posted to your account until Monday, January 4, 2021. Please be aware, especially if you plan to use your HSA or FSA.
×