http://varicoceles.com/varicoceles/privacy-policy/
Our Physicians
Contact & Locations
Find a Physician
What Is a Varicocele?
Symptoms
Treatment Options
F.A.Q.s
Patient Success Stories
Find a Physician
Information for Physicians
Medical References
Blog
Privacy Policy
Overview
Varicoceles.com operates under the following set of strict privacy principles:
The only information Varicoceles.com obtains about individual visitors to its Web site is that which is supplied voluntarily by visitors.
Personally identifiable information (name, e-mail or home address, etc.) will not be disclosed to anyone other than the physicians identified in this Web site and their staff, unless visitors indicate that they may do so.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Varicoceles.com.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. All computer identification on the Internet is conducted with IP addresses, which allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with each other. Varicoceles.com collects IP addresses in order to conduct system administration, evaluate aggregate such as total traffic to the site, and conduct site analysis.
If a visitor requests (clicks on links to) pages within Varicoceles.com, the Varicoceles.com servers enter the visitor’s IP address into a log. To maintain visitor anonymity, IP addresses are not associated with records containing personal information. However, we do use IP addresses to identify any visitors who refuse to comply with our in-house rules or terms of service, and to identify visitors who threaten our service, site, customers or others.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard disk for record keeping purposes. This Web site and its sponsors do not use cookies.
External Links
In order to provide visitors with greater value, this site may provide links to various third party Web sites. However, even if a third-party affiliation exists between this site and that destination site, this site exercises no authority over linked sites, each of which maintains independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures.
This site assumes no responsibility or liability for these sites’ independent methods or actions and is not responsible for the independent policies or procedures of destination sites. Similarly, we cannot take responsibility for the privacy initiatives or the content of such Web sites. These destination links are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. However, we do desire to ensure the integrity of its Web site and its destination links, so any comments pertaining to the this Web site, or any sites accessed through our links, are greatly appreciated.
Public Forums
From time to time, this site may provide users with live chat events, forums, and message boards. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please do not share any data about yourself that you don’t want another individual to read.
Opt-In E-Newsletters
In the future, this site may provide visitors the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications, mostly in the form of an e-newsletter. All recipients of such a communication provide their contact information at will; in other words, these communications are sent to those who have given permission to receive them.
Further, visitors have the freedom to opt-out from these communications at any time, by following the instructions at the end of each communication.
If you have any difficulty dis-engaging from these communiques, you have the following options:
1. You can send an email to: info@varicoceles.com
2. You can call the following telephone number: (630) 856-7460
Contacting Us About Privacy Issues
If you have any questions about the our privacy statement, the practices of this Web site, or your interaction with this Web site, contact:
Dr. Steven Smith (630) 856-7460
(630) 856-7460
info@varicoceles.com
Locations
Privacy Policy