http://vetcancersociety.org/vcs-privacy-policy/
VCS Privacy Policy
The Veterinary Cancer Society (VCS) is committed to protecting the privacy of its members and customers. The VCS maintains safeguards to store and secure information about its members and customers. The safeguards may be physical, electronic, or procedural. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes: (i) how the VCS collects information from its websites and through your other voluntary interactions with the VCS (e.g., access to VCS publications such as webinars, communication with the VCS via eblasts and newsletters, purchase of a VCS product such as proceedings or webinars, application for VCS membership, registration to a VCS conference, or participation in a member survey); and (ii) how the VCS uses this information. With respect to websites, please note that this Policy applies only to the VCS’s websites and not to the websites of unrelated third-party companies or organizations to which the VCS provides links, or to any software that may be downloaded from the VCS’s websites.
By visiting any of VCS’s websites (i.e., www.vetcancersociety.org, www.vetcancersociety.org/conference; www.vetcancersociety.org/midyear-conference), becoming a member or customer, or otherwise voluntarily submitting information to the VCS, you agree to this Policy. The VCS reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any time; in such case, the VCS will post a notice that this Policy has been modified by revising the “Last updated” date at the bottom of this page.
What information does the VCS collect?
The VCS collects two types of information: (1) non-personally identifiable information for everyone who visits its websites; and (2) personally identifiable information for members, registered website users, and anyone who purchases or requests products, services, or information.
Non-personally identifiable information
The VCS employs cookies to collect information about all visitors to VCS websites, including pages viewed and the order visited, terms used in searching VCS websites, and products investigated or purchased. The VCS uses cookies to offer greater functionality, and the information generated from these cookies is used to help determine which services are most important and to guide editorial and business decisions.
Users who do not desire the functionality offered by cookies may disable cookie functionality in their browsers or through settings on their mobile devices; however, users who do so may not be able to use some features of VCS websites. For example, a registered user must have cookies enabled in order to access the registered-user sections of the VCS websites.
For system administration and troubleshooting, the VCS also logs the originating Internet Protocol (IP) address, the browser and operating system used, and information about your individual use, such as time and date of visits, duration of sessions, and other similar usage or system data.
The VCS collects this non-personally identifiable information from users who are browsing the public areas of VCS websites. Users of the public areas of VCS websites browse anonymously; however, once a user registers and logs in as a member/customer, subsequent visits to public areas of VCS websites are no longer anonymous. The VCS does not review the use of publicly accessible areas of VCS websites by individual users unless this information will assist in troubleshooting individual problems or in certain cases in conjunction with personally identifiable information (as set forth below under “How does the VCS use information collected?”). The VCS will also review this information if a user’s account is associated with: (i) attempts to violate the security of VCS computer networks; (ii) activity that degrades the performance of VCS websites; or (iii) activity that might be related to copyright or other violations.
Personally identifiable information
In addition to the non-personally identifiable items listed above, the VCS records the user’s name and email address for all registered users (i.e., users who have logged into a password-protected area of the VCS website). In the course of using VCS websites, a user may be asked to provide personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, zip code, email address, telephone number, credit card payment information) in order to purchase a product, participate in an VCS activity, view newsletters, proceedings or webinars, request information, or otherwise interact with the VCS. In addition, users may be asked to update their contact information.
The VCS also collects email addresses voluntarily provided via membership applications and renewals, website registrations, product purchases, member surveys, downloads of certain materials, and email communication sign-ups.
Important note for VCS members: The VCS also maintains a membership database. The information in this database (e.g., membership number; business information, email address, as well as demographic information such as education and specialty) is drawn from membership applications, dues payment forms, product orders, public databases, member surveys, and other correspondence between the VCS and its members.
Credit card information: The VCS does not disclose the credit card account information or activity of its customers. When members and customers pay for something using their credit cards in the online store, those purchases are made through a third party vendor, Authorize.net, and VCS does not have access to them or store them for later use.
How does the VCS use information collected?
The VCS uses the information it collects to better serve members, customers, and visitors to the VCS websites in the following ways:
VCS services and products
The VCS uses information collected to improve its web content, to respond to visitor needs and preferences, and to develop new products and services.
Disclosure to third parties
The VCS makes member contact information available in its online membership directory both to other members of the VCS who have verified their membership status before entering the online membership directory as well as to the general public who is searching for an oncologist member in their area and available through the online member directory.  At no time are email addresses shared with the general public. Names, business name, business phone numbers and business addresses are available through the member directory as entered by the member. The VCS may also make your contact information and/or other personally identifiable information publicly available in connection with VCS programs and events or for other purposes, as permitted by you.
The VCS also may share CME activity participation records with medical licensing boards (which may include CME reporting agents and/or contractors of those boards). Such records may include, but not be limited to: the member’s name; the name and date of the CME activity; and the number of credits received for participation in the CME activity.
On occasion, the VCS also may provide, either itself or through an outside service provider, personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, demographic information) to third parties that offer their own CME, products, or services deemed of potential interest to members and/or to the clinical or socioeconomic practice of medicine. These third parties only receive names and addresses; they do not receive phone numbers, fax numbers, demographic information, or email addresses.
Emails
Once someone voluntarily provides an email address, the VCS assumes it has permission to email that person with questions, transaction follow-up, and advertisements, and to send bulk email messages. The VCS collects data to track the effectiveness of emails, which enables the VCS to better serve its audiences.  All members have the ability to opt out of these messages.
The VCS does not sell the email addresses of its members and customers.  Any email messages sent to members on behalf of a sponsor are done so through the VCS directly.  At no time is a membership email list provided to a sponsor.
Disclosure required by law or emergency circumstances
The VCS may release personal information to third parties in order to comply with legal requirements.
External relationships
The VCS may have agreements with other organizations that offer products and services through VCS websites or third party agreements. When the user interacts with these organizations on the organizations’ websites, whether as a result of following links from a VCS website, within a VCS email, or otherwise, different rules and privacy policies may apply. Since the VCS does not control the collection of information or the use of information collected via these other organizations’ websites, the VCS is not responsible for their privacy practices, security, or content.  Also note that all payments made through the VCS members-only section of the website are processed through a third party processor named Authorize.net.
Opting out
While the VCS hopes that the information in this Policy helps you understand how the VCS uses and protects your information to provide you with better service, you may still choose not to receive information from the VCS.
Email opt-out
All of the VCS’s marketing emails and some of its informational emails include a link for unsubscribing. Registered users on the VCS’s websites also can log in to their account, go to “My Information” and change their email preferences. The VCS will apply your unsubscribe request as quickly as possible, however, because there may be email campaigns already in progress, you may continue to receive emails from the VCS for a few days. The VCS requires up to 10 days to apply your unsubscribe request. After this time, you should no longer receive marketing or informational emails from the VCS. You may still receive emails regarding your transactions (e.g., confirmation that you have placed an order)
For questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact vetcancersociety@yahoo.com.
Last updated: May 1, 2018
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.OK