https://victoriahospice.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy
Home / Privacy Policy
It is Victoria Hospice Society’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Victoria Hospice Society may change this privacy policy from time to time at the sole discretion of Victoria Hospice Society.
Victoria Hospice is committed to respecting and protecting the personal information of patients and families, potential and existing donors, volunteers, and all other stakeholders.
We recognize that maintaining the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, requires transparency and accountability in our treatment of all personal information that is entrusted to us.
Our Privacy Code Policy adheres to the ten principles that comprise the Canadian Standards Association Model Privacy Code, which forms the basis for Canadian privacy legislation.
Victoria Hospice only collects personal information for the purposes identified at the time of collection. Victoria Hospice does not collect information indiscriminately.
Please click here to see our current policy: Victoria Hospice Privacy Code Policy.
Privacy Officer contact information: (250) 370-8715
Information Collection and Use
Information Collected Automatically from Victoria Hospice’s Website:We measure, collect and analyze web data to improve and optimize our understanding of the effectiveness of our website, and to support our research of public interest in clinical and marketing topics.
We collect the date and time of the viewer’s visit; we collect the web pages, advanced search terms and services accessed by the viewer (if any), we collect the referring site through which you arrived at our site (if any), and we collect the type of browser and operating system used (e.g. Windows XP, Mac OS X, Internet Explorer, Chrome, etc.)
We also collect the internet protocol address and domain name used. The internet protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to the online viewer’s internet service provider or directly to the viewer’s computer. This address can be translated to determine the domain name of the donor’s service provider (e.g. victoriahospice.org), but does not provide information of a more detailed nature – internet protocol addresses are anonymized so that they cannot be used to identify individuals.
The collected data is not shared with any other party, nor is it used for any other purpose. Our automatic web analytics will also respect any “do not track” setting you might have set on your browser.
Information Collected Directly from an Individual:Victoria Hospice may collect and record personal information provided to us by an individual through correspondence, conversations, meetings, conferences, donations, or other forms of mutual communication.
Information Collected from Other Sources:The above types and means by which information is collected are not intended to be an exhaustive list, and Victoria Hospice may collect personal information about an individual by other means, but only when legal, ethical, and consistent with the purposes and principles identified in our Privacy Code Policy.
CASL (Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation) Compliance
Our website operates on “implied consent”, which means that by visiting and clicking through the site, we assume you agree with this usage. If you do not agree, then you should not use our site. Alternately, you can use your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “In Private” in Internet Explorer, and “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari).
Web Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing certain pieces of information that our website may create when you visit our site. A cookie can record how and when you use a site, which site you visited immediately before, and it can store that information activity. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. There are two types of cookies, temporary session cookies and persistent cookies. Our website may use session cookies which are not saved or retained after you close your browser.
Links
Our website contains hyperlinks to other sites. When clicking on such links, we encourage you to examine the new site’s privacy policy and make your own decision regarding the information provided.