https://vistacentre.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy:  VCBIS’ Personal Health Information Policy
VCBIS collects and uses your Personal Health Information (PHI) to provide the best possible service.  We recognize the importance of privacy and the sensitivity of your PHI.  We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected through practices and policies that relate to collecting, using, sharing, and keeping PHI consistent with Ontario's Personal Health Information Protection Act, 2004.
Why does VCBIS need your Personal Health Information (PHI)?
Personal health and financial information are collected and used in order to:
Determine your eligibility for service, including subsidy;
Determine your ability to make your own decisions;
Provide you with individualized services that relate to your needs; VCBIS has a team approach.  Our staff and volunteers are provided access to your PHI in order to provide service and/or carry out their assignments.  However, the amount of PHI made available is limited to what is needed to carry out the assignment or to provide the service;
Maintain a list of applicants who are waiting for VCBIS services;
Satisfy legal, regulatory, and government reporting requirements;
Improve the quality of our services, including the management of risk;
Teach students and other professionals;
Raise funds in order to improve our services;
Conduct research to improve our knowledge in acquired brain injury.
What Personal Health Information (PHI) does VCBIS collect and keep?
VCBIS collects and keeps:
Your PHI relating to the service(s) provided by VCBIS or being requested by you;
Reports on your goals, assessments, progress, support needs, and medical and psychological information that relate to your service plan;
PHI about you received from other sources, where the information helps us have a better understanding of your needs and your progress;
Your PHI profile, which provides important contacts and Personal Health Information for everyday staff use and for use in an emergency.
How does VCBIS collect your Personal Health Information (PHI)?
With your consent, VCBIS collects your PHI in the following ways:
PHI is collected in the "Request For Service" form submitted by you or the person acting on your behalf;
PHI is collected during your screening interview with the VCBIS Intake and Assessment team.
We receive information from other agencies and organizations that have either provided service to you in the past or are continuing to do so.  This may include assessments shared through a secure electronic system;
We may also receive PHI from other health professionals, service providers, and family members - both written and verbal.
When does VCBIS disclose Personal Health Information (PHI)?
VCBIS discloses your PHI when you give us your consent.  For example:
When making referrals on your behalf for additional services or to apply for financial benefits;
When you identify others who are involved in your support;
When submitting generalized assessments to EHealth.
VCBIS may disclose your PHI without your consent if we are required or authorized to do so by law.  For example:
In the event of an emergency where you need timely health care, unless you have told us not to;
When you are at risk of serious harm or your actions would put someone at risk of serious harm. This includes reporting certain communicable diseases to public health authorities;
To meet government, regulatory and legal reporting requirements.
Your Choices
You may withdraw your consent for some of the above-mentioned use/disclosure;
You may direct us to share or not to share some or all of the PHI about you to certain people or agencies;
In certain circumstances, limiting our ability to collect information may impede our ability to provide comprehensive service;
You may have access to and seek correction of your PHI.
The Security of your Personal Health Information
VCBIS takes steps to:
Ensure that everyone who works or performs services for us protects your privacy and uses your PHI only for the purposes to which you consented;
Transmit PHI in a secure fashion, whether written or verbal. Information may be faxed, mailed, emailed, or sent to a secure electronic system (EHealth);
Protect your PHI from theft, loss, and unauthorized access, copying, modification, use, disclosure, and disposal;
Complete audits and investigations to monitor and manage our privacy compliance.
Limits to Confidentiality
VCBIS services are offered in both private and public spaces, including the support you may receive within the community.  Your actions and presence in public areas cannot reasonably be held in confidence.
Contact VCBIS for More Information
For more information about the VCBIS privacy protection practices or to raise a concern about our practices, contact our Privacy Officer,
Tammy Kuchinsky
214-211 Bronson Avenue, Ottawa, Ontario, K1R 6H5
e-mail: tammy@vistacentre.ca Telephone: 613-234-4747
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you can file a complaint with:
2 Bloor Street East, Suite 1400, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 1A8
Telephone: 416-326-333.
Additional information is on their web site: www.ipc.on.ca
Scroll To Top