https://vitiligosupport.org/privacy-policy/
Vitiligo Support Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy and also to our Terms of Service. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy then you should not use this site.
Vitiligo Support International may revise and update this Privacy Policy at anytime. Your continued usage of the VitiligoSupport.org website (“VitiligoSupport.org” or the “Website” or the “Site,”) will mean you accept those changes.
Vitiligo Support International vigorously guards the privacy of the information that it receives from individuals. The organization privacy procedures include the following: Vitiligo Support does not sell, rent or divulge personally identifiable information or email addresses to anyone unless required by law.
Vitiligo Support does not share or sell email address information with any other organization or entity, and does not itself engage in any unsolicited commercial email activity. Vitiligo Support sends periodic newsletters and updates via email at no additional charge to members. Users may “opt out” of receiving this correspondence with the provided UNSUBSCRIBE link.
During registration for use of our website community, Vitiligo Support collects personal information including your name, email address, city, state or province, country and age. This information remains confidential and is never displayed, shared, exchanged or sold. Age is not revealed online.
Vitiligo Support International vigorously guards the privacy of the information it receives from individuals during the registration process. However, all personal and medical information that you voluntarily reveal on our website community becomes public information, and is not protected by the Vitiligo Support privacy policy.
Browser Level Information
VitiligoSupport.org web servers automatically collect information about a site user’s IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this information from the user’s browser (information provided by every user’s browser). This information is collected in a database and used–in an aggregated, anonymous manner–in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our web site. This information is automatically logged by most web sites.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the VitiligoSupport.org Website community helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this Website should be directed by U.S. mail to Vitiligo Support International, P.O. Box 3565, Lynchburg VA 24503, or via email or by phone or through our CONTACT US link on the top menu.