https://vitiligosupport.org/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
This website is a project of Vitiligo Support International, Inc., a nonprofit, public benefit organization. The website uses the domain name VitiligoSupport.org and has formerly used VitiligoSupport.com. The names apply to the same entity and website community, and are occasionally used interchangeably on the website. Any inadvertent or older reference to VitiligoSupport.com on the website should be understood to mean VitiligoSupport.org.
Registration is free, but is required to access our site. Access may be denied for any reason deemed appropriate by Vitiligo Support International, for the good of the community, in its sole discretion. We welcome members who have vitiligo and their families as well as doctors and researchers. Information provided during registration must be accurate. User information is never shared, disclosed, distributed or sold for any purpose.
By using this site, you signify your assent to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, please do not register.
Vitiligo Support International may revise and update these Terms and Conditions at anytime. Your continued usage of the VitiligoSupport.org website (“VitiligoSupport.org” or the “Website” or the “Site,”) will mean you accept those changes.
1. THIS SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE.
The contents of the VitiligoSupport.org Website, such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from others and other material (“Content”) contained on the VitiligoSupport.org Website is for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the VitiligoSupport.org Website!
VitiligoSupport.org does not recommend or endorse any specific treatments, tests, studies, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned or posted on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by VitiligoSupport.org, or its employees, administrators, members, or other visitors to the Site is solely at your own risk. Always consult your physician before undergoing or using any treatment.
2. CONTENT OF AN EXPLICIT NATURE
This website may contain health, medical, situational or informational materials which you may find explicit or otherwise offensive, and which may be inappropriate for children under 14 years of age. VitiligoSupport.org, its licensors and its contributors have no control over and accept no responsibility for such materials. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws applicable to your country or state of residence. By accessing this website, you agree that you have no objection to viewing or reading such material. Parents should be aware that such material may occasionally be viewable, readable or discussed on this site, and should take appropriate steps to counsel or restrict their children’s access to this website as they deem appropriate based on the respective child’s age and maturity level.
3. USE OF CONTENT.
The Content on VitiligoSupport.org is protected by copyright under bothUnited States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with VitiligoSupport.org, Vitiligo Support International, Inc., and their contributors and partners. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of VitiligoSupport.org. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to VitiligoSupport.org and its licensors/contributors.
If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content.
4. LIABILITY OF VITILIGOSUPPORT.ORG AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS AND SPONSORS.
The use of the VitiligoSupport.org Website and the Content is at your own risk.
When using the VitiligoSupport.org Website, information will be transmitted over a medium which is beyond the control and jurisdiction of VitiligoSupport.org and its contributors. Accordingly, VitiligoSupport.org assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the VitiligoSupport.org Website.
The VitiligoSupport.org Website and the content are provided on an “as is” basis. VitiligoSupport.org, ITS CONTRIBUTORS, SPONSORS AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR ADMINISTRATORS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Specifically, VitiligoSupport.org, its contributors and its owners and administrators make no representations or warranties about the following:
The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the VitiligoSupport.org Website.
Local Support group meetings, unless indicated on our website as official events, are not official Vitiligo Support International meetings. Group members are responsible for their own activities, finances and arrangements and you agree and understand by participating in these activities that Vitiligo Support International is not involved in the planning or sponsorship of these events, nor does Vitiligo Support International accept any liability or responsibility for the activities. For these reasons, we recommend meeting in public venues such as restaurants, coffee houses and so on.
In no event shall VitiligoSupport.org, Vitiligo Support International, Inc., their contributors, sponsors, Directors, Officers, employees, administrators, their agents or any third parties mentioned on the VitiligoSupport.org Website be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the VitiligoSupport.org website or the Content whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory, and whether or not VitiligoSupport.org is advised of the possibility of such damages. VitiligoSupport.org is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Website, Content or Public Area (as defined below) or from your participation in any activitiy outside the website, including meetings or events.
5. USER/MEMBER SUBMISSIONS, POSTINGS AND CHAT TRANSMISSIONS.
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or content to any part of this Site, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes. If you make any such submission, you automatically grant–or warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted VitiligoSupport.org a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format or forum now known or hereafter developed. VitiligoSupport.org may sublicense its rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses.
6. WEBSITE USE AND MEMBER TO MEMBER AREAS (“PUBLIC AREAS”).
If you use a Public Area (including but not limited to chat rooms and public message boards), you are solely responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those communications and your reliance on any communications found in the Public Areas. VitiligoSupport.org is not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas, including your interactions or associations with other members or visitors to this website. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 (or your country’s equivalent emergency access number) immediately.
In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
Using a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws
Posting material that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others
Posting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, vitriolic, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, needlessly repetitive, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by VitiligoSupport.org in its sole discretion. All posted messages should be kept civil and friendly.
Posting telephone numbers or email or blog/AIM/Twitter addresses or personal contact information within a post or signature line (the system provides email link options for people to be able to contact you directly without actually knowing your email address – click the PREFERENCES icon at the top of message board topic listings)
After receiving a warning, continuing to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, or posting comments that are not related to the topic being discussed (unless it is clear the discussion is free form)
After receiving a warning, continuing discussion regarding a deleted or locked topic.
Promoting advocacy of particular personal, medical, legal, religious, political, or non-profit causes in a post or signature line. The forums are intended for offering mutual personal support. Debate of controversial subjects should be taken elsewhere. Limited religious references are allowed (ie. “my prayers are with you”), but the forums should not be used to influence others.
Posting chain letters or pyramid schemes
Posting photos or links to photos on the message boards. VSI provides the ability to post photos in the Photo Galleries for Supporting Members.
Posting or addressing information or content from a message board posting that has been deleted or locked
Setting up or using a second or duplicate account for any reason, including the intent to deceive or hide your identity; You may only sign up and maintain one member User ID account on this system. Duplicate accounts detract from the integrity and spirit of our online community website. Only one individual per account is permitted. Any duplicate accounts are subject to restriction or deletion. Repeated violations of this rule may result in suspension or permanent termination of a member’s access. Additionally, attempting to assume the identity of a third party, accessing an account owned by another user, or fraudulent use of your account or use for any illegal activity may also result in your suspension or termination from our website.
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code
Excessive use of bolding or large fonts within posts
Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their consent
Allowing any other user to use your identification for posting or viewing comments
Posting communications for or on behalf of users who have been removed or banned from the system, if such posts violate our terms of service
Posting the same note more than once in the same forum, or in multiple forums, or “spamming” or Engaging in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Website, or which, in the judgment of VitiligoSupport.org, exposes VitiligoSupport.org or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of any type.
Posting information on medications or equipment for sale, trade or delivery, that requires a prescription from a doctor in the United States, when you are not licensed to sell or trade such medications or equipment.
Posting advertisements or solicitations of business or links to other websites (regardless of the subject matter) in forums or signature line; posting of outside links must meet the approval of VitiligoSupport.org.
Soliciting donations, or recruiting for other organizations, projects or programs, without permission of Vitiligo Support International
Using the VitiligoSupport.org website for solicitation of sales of products, or services, either through our message boards or through our email contact system, including encouraging other users to make contact for the purpose of soliciting sales either by email or other means
Posting advertisements or solicitations for personal gain, within posts (regardless of the subject matter).
VitiligoSupport.org reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
Record or log the dialogue in public chat rooms.
Investigate an allegation that a communication(s) do(es) not conform to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s).
Remove, edit or move to another message board and posts or communications which are abusive, illegal, disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform with these Terms and Conditions.
Terminate a user’s access to any or all Public Areas and/or the VitiligoSupport.org Website upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Monitor, move, edit or disclose any communication in the Public Areas.
Edit, move or delete any communication(s) posted on the VitiligoSupport.org Website, regardless of whether such communication(s) violate these standards.
Disable auto-approval of postings for Supporting Members.
VitiligoSupport.org reserves the right to take any action (including legal) it deems necessary to protect the personal safety or enjoyment of the website by other users or members or the public, including restricting or blocking the access of any user from all or part of the website. VitiligoSupport.org may remove from the system or restrict the access of any member for any reason it deems necessary for the good of the community as a whole.
VitiligoSupport.org has no liability or responsibility to users of the VitiligoSupport.org Website or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
7. ADVERTISEMENTS AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES.
VitiligoSupport.org does not endorse the content on any third party websites. VitiligoSupport.org is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the VitiligoSupport.org Website, or third party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. VitiligoSupport.org does not endorse any product advertised or mentioned on the VitiligoSupport.org Site.
8. INDEMNITY.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold VitiligoSupport.org and Vitiligo Support International, their officers, directors, employees, administrators, agents, contributors, licensors and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions or from the unlawful or injurious acts of third parties.
9. GENERAL.
VitiligoSupport.org and Vitiligo Support International, Inc. are based in Los Angeles, California in the United States of America. VitiligoSupport.org makes no claims that the Content is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the VitiligoSupport.org Website from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms and Conditions for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement. Exceptions and waivers to these terms of service may only be granted in writing, when requested, by the Board of Directors of Vitiligo Support International.
10. JURISDICTION.
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with VitiligoSupport.org, or in any way relating to your use of or access to the VitiligoSupport.org Website, resides in the courts of the County of Los Angeles, State of California and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the County of Los Angeles, State of California in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving VitiligoSupport.org or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, administrators, contributors, owners, directors, internet or hosting providers and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California , without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
11. COMPLETE AGREEMENT.
Except as expressly provided in a particular “legal notice” on the VitiligoSupport.org Website, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and VitiligoSupport.org with respect to the use of the VitiligoSupport.org Website, and Content. Your use of the VitiligoSupport.org Website is also subject to the VitiligoSupport.org Privacy Policy.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the VitiligoSupport.org Website community helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this Website should be directed by U.S. mail to Vitiligo Support International, Inc., P.O. Box 4008, Valley Village, California 91617-0008 , or via email or by phone through our CONTACT US link on the bottom left menu.