https://vnhs.org/online-privacy/
Online Privacy
Web Site Privacy Statement
Visiting Nurse Health System respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.vnhs.org. Your privacy is very important to us. This notice explains our online information practices. Because your privacy is important to us, we provide you with notice and the choices you can make about how your information is collected and used by Visiting Nurse Health System.
[vc_custom_heading text=”The Information We Collect” use_theme_fonts=”yes”]
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Visiting Nurse Health System (https://vnhs.org) Web site. We do not collect personally identifiable information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. On some pages, you can make a donation, register to receive materials, or request information. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit card information
The Way We Use Information
If you provide personal information, we may enter your name into our constituent database and contact you in order to complete voluntary surveys seeking feedback for quality and service improvement purposes or supply you with information including Visiting Nurse Health System programs, events and services and related health news.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us by email. Inquiries may be forwarded to the appropriate Visiting Nurse Health System department for response and may be entered into our constituent database. If your name is entered into the database, we may contact you as discussed above. The addresses are not used for any other purpose and are never shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and combined information to better design our Web site and to share with foundations, donors, and other organizations or business entities that are affiliated with or working in conjunction with Visiting Nurse Health System. For example, we may tell an foundation that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women requested information about a particular program, but we would not use anything that could identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personal information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to prohibit such unrelated uses.
[vc_custom_heading text=”Donations” use_theme_fonts=”yes”]
Credit card donations will be made through the Web site, and you will be asked to enter your name, credit card number and billing information. This information allows us to process and fulfill your donation and to provide you with an email receipt. As a donor, you can choose to give anonymously (without giving your name) or to provide Visiting Nurse Health System with your personal information. If you wish to receive your recognition, but remain anonymous, please let us know. You will receive an acknowledgement of your contribution through postal mail. Once you have received acknowledgment, your name automatically will be included in Visiting Nurse Health System’s mailing list. The mailings will provide for a method to let us know about the programs, services and additional giving opportunities with Visiting Nurse Health System. If you do not wish to receive additional mailings, please contact the Office of Advancement, 5775 Glenridge Drive, Suite E200, Atlanta, Georgia 30328.
Visiting Nurse Health System works with a third-party credit card company, as do many e-commerce Web sites. This partner manages all customer data in accordance with consumer data protection law on worldwide storage and security (including data handling). Visiting Nurse Health System does NOT store usable credit card numbers on its own servers.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to secure the information we collect online. Credit card information is not stored on our Web site for additional security.
[vc_custom_heading text=”About Cookies” use_theme_fonts=”yes”]
Cookies are small text files that are sent to your Web browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive and are employed by thousands of sites to enhance user’s Web viewing experience. Cookies are used to speed up your access to the Web site and the information you wish to see. Cookies cannot damage user files, nor can they read information from a user’s hard drive. We use cookies for remembering preferences and maintaining information about whether you are currently logged into our systems. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results and a more personalized site experience. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. The majority of Web browsers accept cookies, but the “help” menu on your browser should give you options for preventing, accepting, or receiving notice of new cookies. However, please be aware that if you block cookies, some Web site functionality may be lost.
[vc_custom_heading text=”Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy” use_theme_fonts=”yes”]
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Web site from those we know are under age 13, and no part of our Web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
[vc_custom_heading text=”How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information” use_theme_fonts=”yes”]
Upon request, we will provide you with the information we maintain about you so that you may request corrections. This information will be sent via postal mail, which we believe is the most secure method of communication. Please contact us by email at privacyrequest@vnhs.org or in writing at:
Health Information Department
Visiting Nurse Health System
5775 Glenridge Drive, Suite E200
Atlanta, Georgia 30328
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing information or making corrections.
[vc_custom_heading text=”How To Contact Us” use_theme_fonts=”yes”]
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies send us an email at privacyrequest@vnhs.org.