https://vsf-belgium.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Vétérinaires Sans Frontières attaches great importance to the respect of your privacy and is currently adapting to the new European legislation on privacy. We would like to review our current privacy policy and to take certain additional measures at organisational and technical level in order to further protect your privacy, to better inform you and to facilitate (the exercise of) your rights.
The privacy statement below is still under construction. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you already have concrete questions about your privacy.
We respect your privacyVétérinaires Sans Frontières respects your privacy, in accordance with European Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation).
Confidentiality of Internet users
Personal data that you transmit to us as a visitor to our website – for example by subscribing to the electronic newsletter, participating in a competition or contacting us via the contact form – is saved in a file. We use this data to keep you informed about our activities, to thank you for your support or to offer you (further) support.
You can consult this information at any time and if necessary modify or delete it. Please contact us.
IP address and cookies
When you visit this website, your IP address is recognized. We do not use it as such, but only to analyse and optimise the traffic on our website. We can also introduce cookies into your computer, but they are only used to improve the functioning of the site and to make it as easy as possible for you to use the site. Read more about cookies.
You have rightsVous pouvez consulter, faire corriger ou supprimer vos données personnelles dans notre base de données. Vous pouvez aussi vous opposer à un traitement de vos données ou demander d’en limiter le traitement.
Donor Confidentiality
(1) What is meant by "personal data", what does "processing of personal data" mean and who is responsible for the processing of your personal data?
Personal data is any data related to an identified or identifiable person.
The processing of personal data covers any processing and use of personal data, including collecting, recording, sorting, structuring, storing, updating or modifying, requesting, consulting, using, delivering by transmission, distributing or otherwise making available, aligning or combining, protecting, deleting or destroying personal data.
The data controller is Vétérinaires Sans Frontières – Dierenartsen Zonder Grenzen Belgium asbl, having its registered office at Avenue des Arts 7-8, B-1210 Brussels, and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (CBE) at the following registration number: 0442.168.263.
(2) What personal data do we process in the context of our fundraising campaigns?
We process (unless you don’t want us to, see point 5):
contact data (name, address, title, gender, language);
e-mail address, telephone number and date of birth (if this information is provided to us) as well as personal preferences (frequency and type of mail) for anyone who has made a donation or expressed interest in our activities;
information relating to fundraising campaigns or activities for which we contact someone;
information on donations received (date, amount, account number, possible domiciliation, etc.) and their processing (history of your donations and possibly the information necessary for the granting of tax certificates).
We use this information for future fundraising efforts.
We can also process information that you provide us spontaneously, for example your feedback about our organisation or about some of our activities or campaigns, if you specify that you are a veterinarian, if you ask for a piggy bank, …
We sometimes receive address files from third parties for specific fundraising campaigns. In this case, we use personal data only for that particular campaign and your data is only saved if you make a donation as a result of that campaign (unless you ask us not to be contacted by our association again, in which case we keep your name and address to ensure that we do not contact you in the future).
(3) Why and how do we use personal data for fundraising purposes?
Your personal data is only processed to inform you about our activities and what we implement with your donations, for fundraising actions and the administrative follow-up of your donations, including, if necessary, the sending of a tax certificate. For fundraising campaigns, we normally contact you by mail or telephone (unless you are on the ‘Don’t call me anymore’ list if you ask us not to contact you). We can also contact you electronically, if you give us your explicit permission to do so.
If you do not provide us with the necessary personal data, e.g. by filling in a form or in any other way, your donation and/or the granting of a tax certificate cannot be processed properly.
For certain fundraising campaigns, we sometimes only write to people with a specific profile, for example based on their donation history, age or personal preferences.
The processing of your personal data carried out in the context of other fundraising campaigns is based on the legitimate interest of Vétérinaires Sans Frontières, since fundraising is necessary to finance good causes and promotes the non-profit activities of our organisation. We can only achieve our mission – and thus fight hunger and poverty among African livestock breeders – if we raise funds. After you have made a donation to our organisation, your data are processed to ensure the proper follow-up of this donation (registration, processing, tax certificate, eventual domiciliation) so that we can fulfil our obligations towards you, but also on the basis of our legitimate interest to process the donation in an appropriate way.
(4) Do we use service providers for the processing of personal data in fundraising?
In order to ensure the processing of personal data by our organisation, we use service providers (sometimes referred to as ‘subcontractors’) who process your data under our responsibility. We ensure that the service providers we use apply the applicable protection rules to ensure the safe and reliable processing of your data and that they fulfil their obligations in accordance with the applicable legislation.
Vos données sont traitées au nom de notre organisation par des prestataires de services qui organisent des campagnes de récolte de fonds et de communication pour nous, comme Direct Social Communications S.A.(Rue Victor Rauter 33, 1070 Bruxelles, BCE 0427.917.874 – ci-après « DSC ») et LNG Communications sprl (Hoveniersstraat 36A, 8000 Bruges, numéro BCE : 0473.919.729 – “Studiostraid”). DSC et StudioStraid sont des prestataires de services spécialisés dans la communication et la récolte de fonds pour les bonnes causes. DSC conserve vos données au nom de notre organisation. DSC organise et assure aussi le suivi de campagnes de récolte de fonds. StudioStraid organise des campagnes de récolte de fonds en notre nom pour une partie restreinte de nos donateurs, appartenant à un fichier qui est la propriété exclusive de Vétérinaires Sans Frontières. DSC s’assure aussi que vos données restent à jour. Dans le cadre de la production de certaines campagnes, DSC fait appel à un fournisseur implanté aux États-Unis et ayant reçu la certification du Bouclier de Protection des Données, ou Privacy Shield. Nous travaillons par ailleurs avec des imprimeurs comme The Mailing Factory nv (Rusatiralaan 1, 1083 Ganshoren, numéro BCE : 0867.283.829), et avec des prestataires de services pour la distribution, le télémarketing, la gestion du site web, la récolte de fonds en ligne, la gestion des e-mails et de notre base de données.
Your data are processed on behalf of our organisation by service providers who organise fundraising and communication campaigns for us, such as Direct Social Communications S.A. (Rue Victor Rauter 33, 1070 Brussels, BCE 0427.917.874 – hereinafter “DSC”). DSC is a service provider specialised in communication and fundraising for good causes. DSC stores your data on behalf of our organization. DSC also organises and monitors fundraising campaigns. DSC also ensures that your data remains up to date. For the production of certain campaigns, DSC uses a supplier based in the United States that is certified by the Data Protection Shield, or Privacy Shield. We also work with printers such as The Mailing Factory nv (Rusatiralaan 1, 1083 Ganshoren, BCE number: 0867.283.829), and with service providers for distribution, telemarketing, website management, online fundraising, e-mail and database management.
Your data may also be transferred to third parties outside our organisation where this is necessary for the processing of your donation and/or the tax consequences of your donation (e.g. to banks or tax authorities to ensure that tax certificates are issued), or where we are legally obliged to do so (e.g. during a statutory audit or tax audit for the issue of tax certificates).
(5)	What are your rights and how can you use them?
You can consult your personal data in our database, have them changed or deleted. You can also object to the processing of your personal data or ask for it to be restricted. When you make use of your right to object to a fundraising processing operation or when you ask us to delete your data, we will only keep your name and address to enable you to exercise your right to object or to have them forgotten (i.e. your wish not to be contacted by our association) and on the basis of our legitimate interest so that we can keep a record of your wish not to be contacted again. In addition, you can request, under the conditions provided for by law, to receive your data in a structured, current and machine-readable form.
You can make use of your rights by sending a letter with a copy (of the front) of your identity card or another document certifying your identity to Vétérinaires Sans Frontières (Avenue des Arts 7-8, B-1210 Brussels) or by sending an e-mail to: donorcare@vsf-belgium.org.
In connection with the processing of your personal data, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Belgian Data Protection Authority, having its registered office at Rue de la Presse 35, 1000 Brussels, by sending a letter to this address or an e-mail to contact@apd-gba.be.
(6) How long do we keep your personal data?
If we contact you as a potential donor and you do not make a donation, we will no longer process or store your data (unless you ask us not to be contacted by our association, in which case we keep your name and address to ensure that we do not contact you in the future). If you make a donation to us, we will continue to process your data for further fundraising purposes and we will keep it for up to 10 years after your last donation or after the last time you have actively shown an interest in our organisation in any way, for example by requesting information, making a donation or attending an event (or longer if legally required by tax or other legislation).
We will of course no longer retain and process your data if you tell us that you no longer wish us to do so, subject to the provisions described in point 5 above. Data relating to the granting of tax certificates will be kept for at least as long as we are required to do so by law.
(7) How did we obtain your contact information?
We have your contact details:
if you have made a donation to our organization in the past, and we have added you to our file; or
if you have indicated that you would like to be contacted by us (for example, if you have completed a form on our website, at an event or at an event); or
if you have already made a donation to another non-profit organization that also conducts fundraising activities in support of its good causes through our service provider DSC (see also point 8 below); or
if your data has been made available to us for one-time use via a third party, e.g. by DSC, for a specific fundraising campaign. Further information about the third parties involved can be obtained from Vétérinaires Sans Frontières or our service provider DSC on request.
(8)
Do we pass on your personal data to other non-profit organisations?
Not-for-profit associations can only achieve the objectives for which they were founded if they can count on the necessary resources. That’s why we rely on generous donations from businesses, organizations and individuals. For a non-profit association such as ours, it is therefore also essential to be able to reach the widest possible audience in our mission and fundraising campaigns.
For this reason, in certain cases (see below) we pass on your personal data to another data controller, DSC, which only uses your data to raise funds for other non-profit organisations. We believe it is important that other good causes can also reach as many people as possible and thus raise the necessary funds to carry out their work. These other non-profit organizations then also give us the chance to get in touch with their supporters.
When you make a donation via the account numbers BE15 0013 1604 0830 and BE22 3631 2869 0647, your name, address, title, gender, language and the data relating to your donation are transmitted to DSC (unless you do not wish this – see below – or you belong to the donor file which is the exclusive property of Vétérinaires Sans Frontières and is not transmitted to DSC). DSC processes this data in its own database as part of its role as data controller in order to allow your postal data to be used by other non-profit associations for the same purposes as those of our organisation, and within the same framework as that described in this document. A list of the non-profit organisations concerned can be obtained on request from DSC. For this reason, you may be contacted by other not-for-profit associations to inquire about their projects and similar opportunities to donate to their good causes.
The transmission of this data to DSC and other non-profit organizations is justified by the legitimate interest of our organization and other non-profit organizations involved in good causes. This legitimate interest is to be able to provide funds to non-profit organizations (including our own) to carry out our respective missions, in order to contribute to a better world. By reaching out to people who are already donating to a good cause, these non-profit organizations increase their chances of receiving new donations. These organizations, including Vétérinaires Sans Frontières, thus spend their fundraising budget as efficiently as possible in their quest for financial means. DSC keeps the data for up to 10 years after your last donation to one of the organisations concerned.
If you or third parties (e.g. your bank or bpost) share changes to your personal data, these will be made in our file and in the DSC file. For the production of certain fundraising campaigns, DSC uses a supplier based in the United States that is certified by the Data Protection Shield, or Privacy Shield. You may also make use of your rights against DSC, as mentioned in point 5 above.
DSC will no longer keep your data in its own file for the purposes described in this point 8 if you indicate that you no longer wish to do so – subject to the provisions described in point 5 above – by contacting DSC by letter addressed to Direct Social Communications S.A., Rue Victor Rauter 33, 1070 Brussels or by e-mail to donateurs@dsc.be, in both cases enclosing a copy (of the front) of your identity card or other document certifying your identity. You can also contact Vétérinaires Sans Frontières at any time, who will forward your question to DSC, by sending a letter to Vétérinaires Sans Frontières, Avenue des Arts 7-8 – 1210 Brussels, or an e-mail to donorcare@vsf-belgium.org, in both cases enclosing a copy (of the front) of your identity card or another document certifying your identity.
You can consult DSC’s full Privacy Policy at www.privacy.dsc.be. You can contact the Data Protection Officer (DPO) of DSC via dpo@dsc.be.
Type and Press “enter” to Search
This website uses cookies. Some cookies make the website work well, others are used for analysis purposes.I agreeRead more