https://wagnerhills.com/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
FacebookInstagramEmail
WAGNER HILLS FARM SOCIETY
•
(604) 856.9432
Click to DONATE TODAY!
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY & SECURITY
The content and data found on this website, including images and text, are property of Wagner Hills Farm Society and may not be redistributed, copied or modified without express written consent.
The Wagner Hills Farm Society website may contain links to other sites. It is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.
PRIVACY POLICY
Wagner Hills Farm Society is committed to protecting the privacy of its donors, supporters, employees and other stakeholders. We value the trust of those we deal with, and of the public, and recognize that maintaining this trust requires that we be transparent and accountable in how we treat the personal information you choose to share with us. During the various activities, we frequently gather and use personal information. This information may be obtained directly from you or collected from third parties that have the right to disclose this information to us. Anyone from whom we collect such personal information should expect that it will be carefully protected and that any use of or other dealing with this personal information is subject to express or implied consent.
DEFINING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual as defined, from time to time, in applicable Canadian (including federal, provincial and territorial) privacy legislation. This includes any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual. An individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual may also be considered personal information. Business contact information and certain publicly available information, such as names, addresses and telephone numbers as published in telephone directories, may not be considered personal information.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information collected by Wagner Hills Farm Society may include: name, address, and other contact information, credit card or information for donation purposes, programs an individual wishes to support, language preference, demographic information such as age and gender, and communication preferences for marketing purposes.
HOW DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Wagner Hills Farm Society collects personal information to service your account, understand your giving preferences and provide you with relevant communications and marketing materials.
PRIVACY PRACTICES
Personal information gathered by our organization is kept in confidence. Our employees are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with it for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Safeguards are in place to ensure that personal information is not disclosed or shared more widely than is necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was gathered. We contractually require any person or organization providing services to Wagner Hills Farm Society to comply with federal and provincial privacy legislation. We also take measures to ensure that the integrity of personal information is maintained and retained only as long as it is required. We collect, use, and disclose personal information only for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate considering the circumstances. We do not rent or sell personal information to any other organization.
WEBSITE AND ELECTRONIC COMMERCE
We use password protocols and encryption software to protect personal and other information we receive when a donation is made and/or a product is purchased on-line. Our software is routinely updated to maximize protection of such information.
MAILING LISTS AND NEWSLETTERS
Wagner Hills Farm Society provides regular communication through both postal mail and an opt-in mailing list through electronic mail. Any personally identifiable information provided by you will be used for delivering mailing items, research and/or marketing. Users may choose to opt-out of these communications at any time by contacting us at info@wagnerhills.com.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We review our privacy policies for our various activities, and update our policy. Please check this website on an ongoing basis for information on our most up-to-date practices.
CONTACTING WAGNER HILLS FARM SOCIETY'S PRIVACY OFFICER
Questions or concerns related to Wagner Hills Farm Society’s Privacy and Security Policy, and/or Wagner Hills Farm Society’s treatment of personal information, should be directed to:
Attention: Privacy Officer
Wagner Hills Farm Society
Email: info@wagnerhills.com
Further information on privacy, and your rights, regarding your personal information, may be found on the website of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (https://www.priv.gc.ca).
REFUND POLICY
Our refund policy for donations is in agreement with Canada Revenue Agency. “A gift transfers ownership of the money or other gifted property from the donor to the charity. Once the transfer is made, the charity is obliged to use the gift in carrying out its charitable purposes.”
ABOUT
Our Mission
The Program
History of WH
ADMISSIONS
The Process
Admission FAQ's
APPLY NOW
HOW TO HELP
DONATE
Intake Acknowledgment
In order to maintain the highest degree of safety and respect for our residents, we have well-defined rules and guidelines. Potential clients must understand that violating any of the following guidelines may result in immediate discharge and prevention from future enrollment in the program. We reserve the right to refuse admission to the program if potential clients can not or refuse to adhere to the set rules and guidelines.
The use/and or possession of cigarettes, pornography and drugs, including alcohol, is strictly prohibited.
Threats or acts of violence against fellow residents and/or Wagner Hills employees are strictly prohibited.
Residents must medically be able to participate in the program both physically and mentally. The program requires one to be emotionally able to participate in counselling sessions, group sharing, and worship, and be committed to making healthy life changes.
Scroll To Top