https://wcrf.org/int/about-us/about-site/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience and help us improve the website. By continuing to use the site you agree to their use.
Accept
Learn more
Home – About us – About this site – Privacy notice
Who we are & what we do
Achievements
Our network
Jobs
Contact us
About this siteCopyright
Privacy notice
Cookies policy
Privacy notice
Introduction
World Cancer Research Fund International (WCRFI) promises to respect any personal data you share with us, or that we get from other organisations, and keep it safe. We use the information we collect about you to process orders, information requests, manage donations, share our educational material and to help you enjoy a more personalised experience.
Developing a better understanding of our supporters through their personal data enables us to make informed decisions, market communications with you and others appropriately, fundraise more efficiently and, ultimately help us reach our vision of living in a world where no one develops a preventable cancer.  We have made improvements to this policy to make it more understandable to supporters.
Our marketing communications include information about our latest breakthroughs, campaigns and life-changing research. If you would like to opt in to receive these communications or change your current preferences then please contact us on:
Telephone: +44 20 7343 4200
Email: international@wcrf.org
Privacy Policy
This policy sets out how we process your data. It also explains your rights and options around how we use your personal information.
We collect information about you:
When you give it to us directly
This might be when you:
interact with us online
register with us
communicate with us
make a donation
apply for a grant or other funding from us
apply to work or volunteer for us
give us your personal information in any other way
When you give it to us indirectly
This is when your personal information is given to us by third parties. These might be:
business partners
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services
sponsors
advertising networks
analytics providers and search information providers.
When you give permission to other organisations to share your information or it is available publicly
We may combine information you provide to us with information available from external sources. This is so we can gain a better understanding of our supporters to improve our products and services. The information we get from other organisations may depend on your privacy settings you have with them or the responses you give them.  Therefore, it is advisable that you check your privacy settings with all organisations you are registered with on a regular basis.  We collect your information for the following types of sources:
Social media - Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media platforms and messaging services like Facebook, WhatsApp or Twitter, you might give permission to access information from those accounts or services.
Information available publicly - This may include information found in public domain such as online searches, registers such as Companies House, the electoral roll and press reports.
When you visit our website
When you visit our website, we automatically collect the following personal information:
the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet
your browser type and version
your time zone setting
browser plug-in types and versions
your operating systems and platforms
demographics and interest reporting
information about your visit to our website, including:the uniform resource locator (URL) clickstream to, through and from this site (including date and time)
products/services you viewed and searched for
page response times
download errors
length of visits to certain pages
referral sources (how you arrived at the website)
page interaction information (such as scrolling and clicks)
methods used to browse away from the page.
We collect and use your personal information by using cookies on our website – please see our Cookie Policy
What is personal information?
We collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
Your name and contact details, including postal address, telephone number, email address and, where applicable, social media profile URL
Your date of birth
Financial information, such as bank details or credit/debit card details, where you provide them to make a payment or a donation. We do not store credit or debit card details, but we are required to store bank details in some circumstances, such as when they are used for direct debit payments.
Photographs of you at our events – if filming or photography is to be used at one of our events, we will advise you of this prior to the event taking place and you will have the option not to be filmed or photographed.
Information about your computer/mobile device and your visits to and use of this website, including for example your IP address and geographical location
Information about our services which you use/which we consider of interest to you
Relevant information from your relatives or those who care for you and know you well
Any other personal information shared with us as not described above.
What is sensitive personal information (special category data)?
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) recognises certain categories of personal information as sensitive and therefore requiring more protection.
For example, this includes information about your health, religious beliefs, ethnicity and political opinions.
In the course of liaising with our supporters, WCRFI may be informed of sensitive information. If this is the case, we will only record this information if we have a valid reason and the GDPR permits it, as described in how and why we will we use your personal information.
Children’s Information
Where we collect and manage information from children, we aim to manage it in a way which is appropriate to the age of the child.  Where possible and appropriate we will seek consent from a parent or guardian before collecting information about children.  We don’t actively market to under 18s.
How do we use your personal information?
We use your personal information to:
provide you with services, products or information you’ve asked us for
provide you with further information about our work, services, activities or products
allow you to purchase goods
to administer your grant application
further our charitable aims, including for fundraising activities
research the impact and effectiveness of our work and services
register, administer and personalise online accounts
register and administer your participation in events you’ve registered for
administer and keep our website safe and secure and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
improve your interactions with our website, for example by making sure that content is presented in the most relevant and effective manner for you and for your computer/mobile device
report on the results and impact of our work, services and events
analyse and improve our work, services, activities, products or information (including our website) or for our internal records
use IP addresses and monitor website use to identify locations, block disruptive use, record website traffic or personalise the way information is presented to you
to process your application for a job or volunteer role with us
training and/or quality control
audit and/or administer our accounts
satisfy legal obligations which are binding on us, for example arising from contracts entered into between you and us or in relation to regulatory, government and/or law enforcement bodies with whom we may work
prevent fraud, misuse of services or money laundering and to perform due diligence in respect of larger donations;
reduce credit risk
communicate with you in any other way
for the establishment, defence and/or enforcement of legal claims; and/or
check and make improvements to our services
We may use your life story, your case study  and photograph in our literature (we will discuss this with you in-depth before doing so and we will also seek your permission beforehand.  You have the option not to be included in any of our literature).
We will not sell or rent your information to anyone.
Donations and other payments
When you use our secure online donation or payment pages, you will be directed to a payment gateway, who will receive your credit card number and contact information to process the transaction. We do not retain your credit or debit card details.
How long do we keep your personal information?
In general, if we no longer need your information for the reasons you gave it to us, we will remove it.
But we’ll remove it sooner if:
We are no longer lawfully entitled to process or keep it
you ask us to remove it.
What happens if you ask for your data to be removed?
If you ask to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information about you to make sure we do not send you unwanted materials in the future.  This does not impact on your Right of Erasure or Right of Suppression.  You can read more about these in this Privacy Policy under the headings. “Right of Erasure” and Right of Suppression”.
Our lawful grounds for processing your information
The GDPR requires us to rely on one or more lawful grounds to process your personal information. These are the grounds we think are relevant.
Where you have given your consent for us to use your personal information in a certain way.
For example, we will ask for your consent to use your personal information to send you electronic direct marketing/fundraising information
Where necessary so that we can comply with a legal obligation (for example, where we need to share your personal information with regulatory bodies which govern our work and services).
Where necessary for the performance of a contract which we have with you or to take steps before entering a contract (for example, if you purchase something from our online shop or apply to work for/volunteer with us).
Where there is a legitimate interest in us doing so (for example, writing to supporters to let them know about our work and ways of supporting us).
What do we mean by ‘legitimate interests’?
The GDPR allows us to collect and process your personal information if it is reasonably necessary to achieve our or others’ legitimate interests, as long as that processing is fair, balanced and does not unduly impact your rights.
WCRFI legitimate interests
In broad terms, our “legitimate interests” means running WCRFI as a charitable entity in pursuit of our aims and ideals. For example, by:
providing information about cancer prevention and healthy living
by sending postal, email or telephone marketing asks which further the aims and objectives of WCRFI
processing grant applications
processing payments
administering events
taking applications for job vacancies, recruitment and volunteers.
Your legitimate interests
“Legitimate interests” can also include your interests, such as when you have requested information or certain goods or services from us, and those of third parties (for example, beneficiaries of our work and services).
How do we balance these interests?
When we legitimately process your personal information in this way, we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws.
We won’t use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you. For example, where use would be excessively intrusive (unless, for instance, we are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Will we share your personal information?
WCRFI does not share, sell or rent personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.  Our promise to you is to take every reasonable effort to keep your personal information secure and will only share them with suppliers working on our behalf such as companies who manage our mailing.
WCRFI may provide aggregate statistics for our website about our visitors, orders, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third- party vendors. These statistics will not include any personal information. We will only disclose personal information if required to do so by Government bodies and Law Enforcement agents.
However, in general we may disclose your personal information to selected third parties in order to achieve the other purposes set out in this policy.
These may include (among others):
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors
analytics and search engine providers
IT service providers
other beneficiaries, executors and legal advisers, when administering a legacy.
In particular, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information to third parties:in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal information held by us may be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under any legal or regulatory duty to do so; and/or
to protect the rights, property or safety of WCRFI, its personnel, users, visitors or others.
Security, storage and access to your personal information
We promise to keep your personal information safe and secure.
We have appropriate and proportionate security policies and organisational and technical measures, such as Cyber Essentials accreditation, in place to help us do this. For example, we require specialist suppliers who process secure payments to comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) standards.
We use external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf. We do comprehensive checks on these companies before we work with them, and put a contract in place that sets out our expectations and requirements, especially regarding how they manage the personal data they have collect or have access to.
Who can see my personal information?
Only appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors can access your information. It is stored on secure servers with features to prevent unauthorised access.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by those authorised to do so..
Where is my personal information stored?
The personal information that we collect from you will primarily be stored at a destination within the UK or European Economic Area (“EEA”).
However, we use agencies and suppliers in and outside the UK to process personal information on our behalf. Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and your personal information may therefore be transferred or stored outside the UK or EEA.
Although they may not be subject to same data protection laws as companies based in the UK, we’ll take all reasonable steps necessary to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA.
Unfortunately, no transmission of your personal information over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
These are your rights in relation to how we process your personal information:
Right to be informed
You have the right to be told how your personal information will be used. This policy and other policies and statements used on our website and in our communications provide you with a clear and transparent description of how your personal information may be used.
Right of access
You can write to us to ask for confirmation of what information we hold on you and to request a copy of that information.
Provided we are satisfied that you are entitled to see the information requested and we have successfully confirmed your identity, we will give you your personal information (subject to any exceptions that apply).
Right of Erasure
You have the right to ask us to erase/delete your personal information.  We aim to achieve this within 5 working days of receiving your request.  Where possible we will check with you to see if it is better for you to have your details suppressed rather than deleted.  By using your Right of Erasure, we cannot guarantee that you will not receive further mailings from us, for example if WCRFI purchases or rents a list of names after we have actioned your request for erasure and if your details are on this new list, you may will receive a communication from us.  This is because we check all new lists against our database and once a name has been erases/deleted from our database we have no way of checking if that name is on the new list and has previously requested not to be contacted.
Right of Suppression
You have the right to ask us to suppress your information so you do not receive further communications or contact from us.  We aim to achieve this within 5 working days from receiving your request.  Unlike Erasure, Suppression means we hide your history with us but can still see your name and address.  Therefore, should WCRFI rent or purchase a new list of names after your request for suppression, we can cross reference this list with your details.  Should your details appear on the new list and because we still have your basic details on our database, we will know that you do not want to receive communications from us and because of this you will not receive communications.
Right of rectification
If you believe our records of your personal information are inaccurate, you have the right to ask us to update those records.
You can also ask us to check the personal information that we hold about you if you are unsure whether it is up to date.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information if there is disagreement about its accuracy or legitimate usage.
Right to object
You have the right to object to processing where we are:
processing your personal information on the grounds of legitimate interest
using your personal information for direct marketing or
using your personal information statistical purposes.
Where we rely on your consent to use your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
This includes the right to ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing or fundraising by electronic means (for example to be unsubscribed from our email newsletter list).
Right to data portability
Where we are processing your personal information:
because you gave us your consent
because such processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means
you may ask us to provide it to you – or another service provider – in a machine-readable format.
Rights related to automated decision-making
Where we take automated decisions (ie with no human involvement) in relation to your personal information, you have the right to ask us for human intervention or to challenge any such decision.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise any of these rights, please send a description of the personal information in question using the contact details below. We reserve the right to ask for:
personal identification
further information.
Please note that you may only use/benefit from some of these rights in limited circumstances. For more information, we suggest that you consult guidance from the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or please contact us.
Changes to this Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. WCRFI welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send an email to international@wcrf.org.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by the Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Personal changes
If your personal details change, please help us to keep your information up to date by notifying our Supporter Services department, details below.
How to contact us
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns about this policy or about the way in which your personal information is being processed by contacting us at the following channels:
Supporter Services
World Cancer Research Fund
140 Pentonville Road
London, N1 9FW
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7343 4200
Email: international@wcrf.org
Related topics
CopyrightCookies policy
Diet and Cancer ReportContinuous Update Project
Research we fundGrant programmesWhat we’re fundingResearch findingsWCRF Academy
Cancer trendsData on specific cancersWorldwide dataComparing more & less developed countriesData for cancer frequency by country
PolicyOur policy workPolicy databasesNOURISHINGCO-CREATEOur publicationsConsultation responsesPolicy statementsPolicy updates straight to your inbox
LatestBlogNews & updatesConferencesNewsletterMedia centreColorectal cancer projectPartnershipsMedia centreVirtual events calendar
Our network
WCRF NLWCRF UKWCRF HKAICR in USA