http://weill.cornell.edu/legal/disclaimer.html
Skip to main content
Weill Cornell Medicine
Explore this Website
I am interested in...
Wayfinder menuPursuing an MD degree
Pursuing a graduate degree
Finding faculty
Finding a physician
Starting a career at WCM
Reading the latest WCM news
Giving to WCM
HomeOur StoryToggle menu optionsHistory
About Dean Choi
Vision Statement
Dean's Messages
Boards and Councils
LeadershipToggle menu optionsSenior Leadership
Department Chairs
Executive Faculty Council
General Faculty Council
Administration and Finance Leadership
Clinical Affairs Leadership
Medical Education Leadership
External Affairs Leadership
Faculty Affairs and Development Leadership
Graduate School Leadership
Physician Organization Leadership
Research Leadership
WCM-Qatar Leadership
Diversity and Inclusion Leadership
International Affairs and Affiliates Leadership
Mentorship
Diversity
Global Health
Innovation
Affiliations
Maps and Directions
Contact Weill Cornell Medicine
Patient Care
Research
Education
Faculty
Departments
Weill Cornell Medicine
Care
Discover
Teach
HomeOur Story
Patient Care
Research
Education
Faculty
Departments
HomeWeill Cornell Medicine Web Terms Of Use
Weill Cornell Medicine Web Terms Of Use
Welcome to the Weill Cornell Medicine (“We”, “WCM”) system of web sites (“the WCM Web”). These are our terms and conditions (“Terms”) for using the WCM Web, which includes weill.cornell.edu, weillcornell.org, and all sites that are accessed via a subdomain of either of the previously listed domains (site.weill.cornell.edu or site.weillcornell.org). These Terms apply to all visitors or users (“You”) of the WCM Web, and your use indicates that you agree to be bound by these terms. If you disagree with any part of these terms, then do not access the WCM Web.
Data Collection & Sharing
Through your use of the WCM Web, you may choose to submit personal information (such as name, address, email, or phone number) to WCM relating to our services and programs. This information is typically used by Weill Cornell Medicine staff to help us deliver you services, such as contacting you about an appointment request. By submitting this information, you grant Weill Cornell Medicine the right to store and utilize the information to provide you the services requested.
In some instances, Weill Cornell Medicine will work with third party providers to help deliver related services. These functions include but are not limited to:
Delivery of publications, such as Weill Cornell Medicine Magazine
Transmission of newsletters
Requests to complete surveys
Invitation to events and fundraising functions
Appeals for donations
In these relationships, Weill Cornell Medicine does not grant rights to the providers for your information to be sold or re-used in any manner not approved by Weill Cornell Medicine. We require all such vendors to destroy any data provided after a project has been completed, and does not allow for retention or re-use of that data.
You may opt out of this sharing through the details below.
Use of Cookies
Through your use of the WCM Web, we may ask your browser to accept “cookies” (small tracking identifiers retained by the browser) related to our sites. Cookies may be set for the following functions:
Strictly necessary cookies, such as those that might associate your browser with an authenticated session to an application. These may not be opted out of.
Analytics cookies, used to help us anonymously track web site traffic and performance in aggregate. These cookies may include:
Google Analytics (opt-out information)
Marketing cookies, used to help us anonymously track advertising campaign effectiveness and provide relevant ads to visitors when on third party websites. These cookies may include:
ReachLocal (opt-out information)
Simpli.fi (opt-out information)
Facebook (opt-out information)
Patient Privacy Policy
These terms are separate from the Weill Cornell Notice of Privacy Practices. These practices cover the ways we may use and disclose medical information about you.
In areas where there may be conflict between these Terms of Use and the Privacy Practices, the Privacy Practices shall take priority.
Third Party Web Sites
We may offer links to related medical Web sites either not part of the WCM Web or that are not managed by WCM. These links are for informational purposes only. WCM does not endorse and has not verified the accuracy of the information on these sites, and you should not rely on any of the information found on these web sites for purposes of treatment or diagnosis.
We may also offer links to third party web sites that handle specific functions on behalf of WCM, such as event registration or payment processing. Please carefully review any terms of use for these websites, as their terms may differ from those of WCM and apply to any data you may submit through those sites.
Weill Cornell Medicine does not accept paid placement of third party web content or advertising, or unsolicited content submissions, under any circumstances.
Copyrights, Trademarks, Ownership of Content, DCMA
Unless otherwise noted, all site content is copyrighted by Weill Cornell Medicine.
The "Weill Cornell Medicine" name, logo, seal, and "Care. Discover. Teach." descriptor are registered trademarks of Cornell University. All rights reserved.
For information about reporting copyright violations, please review WCM IT Policy 11.07, Copyright Infringement Policy.
Medical Disclaimer
The medical information on the WCM web is provided as an information resource only, and is not to be used or relied on for any diagnostic or treatment purposes. This information is not intended to be patient education, does not create any patient-physician relationship, and should not be used as a substitute for professional diagnosis and treatment.
Please consult your health care provider, or contact WCM for an appointment, before making any healthcare decisions or for guidance about a specific medical condition. WCM expressly disclaims responsibility, and shall have no liability, for any damages, loss, injury, or liability whatsoever suffered as a result of your reliance on the information contained in this site. WCM does not endorse specifically any test, treatment, or procedure mentioned on the WCM web.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to modify these terms from time to time at our discretion without notice to you. Any changes to the terms of use will be considered applicable at the time of their posting.
Opting Out
To be removed from WCM fundraising and development communications, please contact wcmcoptout@med.cornell.edu.
For issues relating to patient privacy, please contact privacy@med.cornell.edu.
Version History
v. 1.0 (December 27th, 2016) – Initial release.
Contact Us
Directory
Events
News
Patient Care
Are you looking for a physician?
Visit Weill Cornell Medicine Patient Care Website.
Jump To Top