http://weill.cornell.edu/legal/index.html
Patient Care
Weill Cornell Patient Care
Weill Cornell CONNECT
Find a Weill Cornell Physician
Clinical Services
Myra Mahon Patient Resource Center
Weill Cornell Voluntary Faculty
Research
The Clinical and Translational Science Center
Clinical Trials
Core Facilities
Research Compliance
Research Integrity
Researcher Profiles
Sponsored Research
Technology Development
Education
Medical Education
Graduate Education
MDPhD Program
Other Programs
Student Affairs
Student Services
Medical Library
PAGES
PEOPLE
PHYSICIANS
Departments
About Us
News
Faculty
Alumni
Give
Careers
Visitors
Events
Privacy Overview
Web Terms Of Use
Social Media Policy for External Users
Privacy
This notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Privacy Practices (Spanish)
This Notice will tell you about the ways we may use and disclose medical information about you. We also describe your rights and certain obligations we have regarding such medical information. We are required by law to make sure that medical information which identifies you is kept private; give you this Notice of our legal duties and privacy practices with respect to your medical information; and follow the terms of the Notice that is currently in effect.
This Notice covers the physician practices of Weill Cornell Medical College (collectively “Weill Cornell”, “we” or “us”), including its employed physicians and other personnel. (If you are being treated by a Weill Cornell physician while in another institution, such as New York-Presbyterian Hospital, you should refer to that other institution’s Notice of Privacy Practices for information about how your medical information may be used and disclosed and whom to contact to exercise your rights).
Changes to this notice
We reserve the right to change this Notice. We reserve the right to make the revised or changed Notice effective for medical information about you we already have as well as any information we receive in the future. The current Notice in effect at any time will be posted on our website address listed below and will be available from the Privacy Officer as well as at any of our practice locations.
Complaints
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with Weill Cornell or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with Weill Cornell, please call or write to the Privacy Officer at the address listed at the end of this Notice. You will not be penalized or retaliated against for filing a complaint regarding your privacy rights.
Questions
If you have a question about this Privacy Notice, please contact:
Privacy Office
Weill Cornell Medical College
1300 York Avenue, Box 303
New York, N.Y. 10021
Tel: (212) 746-1179
Email: privacy@med.cornell.edu
Website: http://www.weillcornell.org/privacy
Back to Top
Affiliations
Located In New York City, Weill Cornell Medical College and Weill Cornell Graduate School of Medical Sciences are part of Cornell University.
Home
|
Legal & Policy
|
Sitemap
|
College Emergency Info
© Weill Cornell Medical College. All rights reserved.
VIEW MAP
CONTACT
Weill Cornell Medical College . 1300 York Avenue . New York, NY 10065
Phone: (212) 746-5454
Affiliations
American Hospital, Istanbul (Turkey)
American Hospital of Paris (France)
Amsterdam Nursing Home
ASPETAR Qatar Orthopaedic and Sports Medicine Hospital
Burke Neurological Institute
Cayuga Medical Center
Community Health Network
Group Florence Nightingale Hospitals (Turkey)
Hallym University Medical Center (South Korea)
Hamad Medical Corporation (Qatar)
Hospital for Special Surgery
Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens
NewYork-Presbyterian/Brooklyn Methodist Hospital
NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital
Northern Westchester Hospital
The Brooklyn Hospital Center
Houston Methodist
The Rogosin Institute
Weill Bugando Medical Centre (Tanzania)