https://whoopingcough.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Summary
The crucial part of privacy policy to understand is that if you email me using the links or addresses on the website pages nobody sees it but me and I do not share anything with anyone.
The legal wording below mainly refers to responding to Blog items.
What can people do here?
Find information about whooping cough I have placed here with the intention of allowing people to discover it and learn about this disease. Listen to the sound of whooping cough. Watch videos of people who are coughing with whooping cough. I have tried to include any information I think relevant. It is written from an orthodox western medicine scientific perspective.
Send me emails. Request personal advice by email for which I charge a fee.
Get redirected to other sites with related or more detailed information.
Read the Blogs I write.
Who I am
Dr Douglas Jenkinson
I am a registered medical practitioner with the General Medical Council of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland number 0396235.
I have retired from active practice
On this site I give advice and information about whooping cough. I give email advice on a paid for basis or pro bono according to circumstances.Non of the advice constitutes part of anything that might be construed as a doctor/patient relationship in its professional sense. I am unable to, and do not take any responsibility for any part of the medical care of anybody. This can only be undertaken by a person who is able to provide a normal medical consultation, even if that person resides in the United Kingdom.The advice I give is given honestly, using my full and best ability and with the best medical interest of the person in mind..
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
Comments made on Posts (Blogs)
When visitors leave comments on the site via posts, WordPress may collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment (on a pos), your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
The comment messages are screened by WordPress systems to avoid spam.
All the above only applies to Posts (Blogs).  Posts accessed via the site menu have a comment field and the above applies. Pages on the site do not have a WordPress comment field.
Comments made on the comment page or via email links on pages come directly to me. These remain on my personal computer which is password protected and not accessible by any other person. I do not use this information except to reply to the sender. Sometimes I request email permission from the sender to post their message on the site. I never post without such express permission which I then retain.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on a Post or Blog on this site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who I share your data with
I do not share data. Any information sent to me by email is confidential. I act in accordance with the rules of the General Medical Council for the United Kingdom which I am bound to as a consequence of being registered with them.
Extracts from emails used on the site as examples and testimonials are anonymised and reproduced after express permission for that purpose from the person concerned. Videos on this site are present with the permission of the people concerned.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment on a Post (Blog), the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so I can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
What rights you have over your data
If you have sent comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data I hold about you, including any data you have provided to me. You can also request that I erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data I am obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments (on Posts/ Blogs) may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
My contact information
I am based in Gotham, Nottingham, England. NG11 0HTemail whoopingcough@btinternet.comTel. +44 115 9830235
Additional information
How I protect your data
Comments to me are on a password protected personal computer
What data breach procedures we have in place
I am personally responsible for taking all reasonable measures
What third parties I receive data from
If you purchase advice from me and pay using the PayPal page, Paypal send me your contact information.
What automated decision making and/or profiling I do with user data
None
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
N/A
Reviewed 25 November 2020 by  Dr Douglas Jenkinson
Share this:TwitterFacebookPrintMoreEmailLike this:Like Loading...
Email a comment to Dr-J (confidential)
Privacy policy
About Dr-J
User feedback comments
Contact InformationEmail:whoopingcough@btinternet.comOpens in your applicationWebsite:whoopingcough.net
Close Menu
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this:
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept