https://wikihome.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarWikihome is supported by its audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn a small affiliate commission at no cost to you. Learn morePrivacy is important to us and we have added this privacy page, to explain a few quick things about the site and what info we collect.Table of Contents What Info Do We Collect?Cookie policyWhat are cookies?What type of cookies do we use?Necessary cookiesAnalytical cookiesSocial media cookiesWhat are your cookie options?Changes and amendmentsAcceptance of this policyCopyrightSharing InformationWhat About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?Your ConsentA Special Note About ChildrenWhat Info Do We Collect?Whenever you comment on this website you will be required to leave your email address. We only collect this so we can email you with your comment if need be. We will never ever sell your contact info or give it away to anyone, period!!Cookie policyThis cookie policy (“Policy”) describes what cookies are and how Website Operator (“Website Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”) uses them on the wikihome.net website and any of its products or services.You should read this Policy so you can understand what type of cookies we use, the information we collect using cookies, and how that information is used. You can also be accepting or declining the use of cookies.What are cookies?Cookies are small pieces of data stored in text files that are saved on your computer or other devices when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to remember you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a “session cookie”) or for multiple repeat visits (using a “persistent cookie”).Session cookies are temporary cookies that are used during the course of your visit to the Website, and they expire when you close the web browser.Persistent cookies are used to remember your preferences within our Website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer. They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our Website or using our Services.Cookies may be set by third parties, such as those who provide advertising or analytics services on the website. These third parties can recognize you when you visit our website and also when you visit certain other websites.What type of cookies do we use?Necessary cookiesNecessary cookies allow us to offer you the best possible experience when accessing and navigating through our Website and using its features.Analytical cookiesThese cookies enable us and third-party services to collect aggregated data for statistical purposes on how our visitors use the Website. These cookies do not contain personal information such as names and email addresses and are used to help us improve your user experience of the Website.Social media cookiesThird-party cookies from social media sites (such as Facebook, Twitter, etc) let us track social network users when they visit our Website, use our Services or share content, by using a tagging mechanism provided by those social networks.What are your cookie options?If you don’t like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser’s settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies. To learn more about how to do this or to learn more about cookies, visit internetcookies.orgChanges and amendmentsWe reserve the right to modify this Policy relating to the Website or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.Acceptance of this policyYou acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.CopyrightUnder no circumstance can any content on this website be copied or reproduced in any way. This includes any of the reviews and videos that are hosted on the domain, Wikihome.net. If any person or company does use the owner of this website’s name, video, or blog content without getting written consent from the site then legal action may be undertaken against the offending parties.Sharing InformationWe do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that uniquely identifies a subscriber (such as email addresses or personal details) with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested.What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Website or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites, which have a link on our Website, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.Your ConsentBy using our Website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice.A Special Note About ChildrenChildren are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 14) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians. 5 / 5 ( 1
vote
)Primary SidebarRecent PostsMore Posts from this Category