https://wmda.info/cookie-privacy-policy/
Professionals
Optimising ‘Search, Match & Connect’
Search & Match Service
How to search for potential matches
How to request permission to use data for research
How to list donors and cord blood units
WMDA Connect – facilitate your transplant communication
Tools to operate a registry
WMDA forms
Organisation closure agenda
Why a global donor identifier? (GRID)
Governance: Search, Match & Connect
Supporting Global Development
How to start a registry
How to set up a cord blood bank
WMDA Education – Webinars
WMDA Education – Courses
International Meetings & Conferences
Media center
WMDA Publications
Governance: Global Development
Promoting Donor Care
How to ensure donor care
Donor medical suitability wiki
Adverse events
Governance: Donor Care
Ensuring Quality
Why gain WMDA accreditation?
WMDA Standards
Why gain NetCord-FACT accreditation?
NetCord-FACT Standards
Learn about Quality
Governance: Quality
Donors
Donation: the basics
Become a donor
Protection
Safety
World Marrow Donor Day
Cord Blood
Cord blood: the basics
Donating cord blood
Quality
Banking models
Risks of cord blood donation
Patients
Transplantation: the basics
Who needs transplantation?
Finding a donor
Risks of transplantation
About Us
What we do
Who we are
WMDA publications
Media center
Join us
Vacancies at WMDA
Contact us
Media center
Join us
Search for:
Cookie and Privacy Statement
Home
Cookie and Privacy Statement
Cookie and Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identify your browser or device.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
What types of cookies does WMDA use?
There are generally four categories of cookies: “Strictly Necessary,” “Performance,” “Functionality,” and “Targeting.” WMDA routinely uses all categories of cookies on the products and services except from Functionality cookies. You can find out more about each cookie category below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the products and services of WMDA and use its features, such as accessing logged in or secure areas or filling in forms.
Performance Cookies. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our products and services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around. The performances of the products and services of WMDA are monitored by using Google Analytics.
Functionality Cookies. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. These cookies for example allow the website to remember your choices (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
Targeting/advertising Cookies. WMDA uses Google Analytics for monitoring their products and services and only this partner may use targeting/advertising cookies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests. These cookies can remember that your device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device’s browsing activity on other sites or services other than of the WMDA.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
First and third party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to WMDA, third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through our products and service. Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing a service for WMDA, for example to help us understand how our products and services are being used. Third-party cookies may also be placed on your device by our business partners so that they can use them to advertise products and services to you elsewhere on the Internet.
How you can control or opt out of cookies
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can change the settings of your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie. To change the browser-specific settings, you should refer to the help function and/or the settings in your browser. For more support for the most common used browsers, please follow the corresponding links:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device.
Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy was updated in September 2018. We will keep it under review and make updates from time to time. If we make any significant, we will make this clear on the WMDA website or by contacting you directly.
Privacy Statement
The World Marrow Donor Association (WMDA) respects everyone’s right to the protection of personal data and we process personal data with care and confidentiality. We only collect personal data that is necessary for our operations, and protect it in the manner required by the nature of the data. Data is only handled by persons who are required to do so by their tasks. Our employees and partners in cooperation are bound by a confidentiality agreement.
The processing of personal data is essential for the WMDA’s operations, and the appropriateness of the processing is important in order to maintain the trust of our members and customers, and indirectly of donors and patients, and the society in general.
Who we are?
The World Marrow Donor Association (WMDA) was founded in 1994 is made up of organisations and individuals who promote global collaboration and best practices for the benefit of stem cell donors and transplant patients.
WMDA is led by the WMDA Board and Committees whose members are all experts in their fields. Day-to-day activities are carried out by our WMDA office, a team of professionals based in Leiden, the Netherlands.
In 2017, WMDA took over the activities of the global donor and cord blood unit database Bone Marrow Donors Worldwide (BMDW), now called Search & Match Service and the NetCord Foundation.
What data is collected about me?
Users of our products and services
We only collect data necessary for communication purposes, invoicing, and user account management of our restricted products and services. The minimal data we collect are the following details:
Name;
Email address.
In case of a paid service or product, we in addition collect the following details:
Your position;
Phone number;
Organisation name;
Organisation address;
Invoicing address.
For some of our products, we might collect supplementary data, such as educational background or experience in the field of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation to assess your application for acceptance.
Website visitors
During your visit on one of our websites we also collect log information including your IP address for technical support and data on how you use the websites, so we can personalise and improve the websites.
In addition, when you ask a question through the contact form or any other form on the website, we process your contact details (if submitted by you) and the subject of your message in order to get back to you.
Newsletter
When you have signed-up for our newsletter Stem Cell Matters, we use your name and e-mail address to inform you about the future directions of the WMDA, the work of the committees and the news from the community and provide the e-mail to the registries that organise our meeting on our behalf. Also, specific topics or initiatives related to international exchange of cells and stem cell transplantation can be found in Stem Cell Matters. You can always unsubscribe to the newsletter by using the unsubscribe option in the newsletter.
Job applicants
WMDA processes the information that is provided by you during the application procedure. For example, name and address details, date of birth, e-mail address and telephone number, data about work experience, education, courses and internships and other relevant data with a view to fulfilling the job. Without this information an application cannot be processed.
The data is not used for other purposes and will only be provided to employees who are responsible for the recruitment activities at WMDA or those who are necessarily involved. If, due to certain circumstances special personal data about you is processed, WMDA will request prior written permission from you.
How is my data obtained?
The data originate directly from the registered persons themselves, or an official representative of the registered person or affiliated organisation. The data is mainly obtained through completion of digital online forms and replenished by data received through email or other communication channels.
Why is my data processed and what is the legal basis?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires organisations to define the legal basis for processing your data.
The majority of WMDA’s data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you when you requested access to any of our products or services.
Communication related to the purchased product or service;
Processing sales transactions or other payments and verifying financial transactions for the purchased products or services;
Support, troubleshooting and solving problems with the websites, including instances when we want to improve your user experience.
Some of your data might be collected and processed in our own legitimate interest.
IP addresses to help diagnose problems, administer our websites, track ad performance, and collect demographic information;
Statistical information from google analytics;
Finding suitable employees;
Communication to our members with e.g. updates and news to build a strong and loyal membership community.
Our legitimate interest is always balanced against your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Is my data disclosed to parties outside the WMDA? If so, why and where?
Your information is not submitted or transferred to third parties, and is not accessible to parties outside the WMDA, aside from information system suppliers who have access to the systems for technical reasons. We will not share your information with any third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We will never sell or pass on your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes with exception of WMDA member organisations that are organising the WMDA meeting (for example the International Donor Registry Conference) or the WMDA annual meeting.
Is my data transferred outside the EU?
The WMDA products, services and applications that contain personal data are run on servers located  within the EU, which means that data is not transferred outside the EU.
How is my data protected?
WMDA has implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental loss or unlawful processing, including measures with respect to physical and logical (access)security on equipment and systems, firewalls and safe (encrypted) storage of personal data. Your personal data are adequately protected and treated confidentially. Our contracts with the suppliers of information systems make sure they have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures with respect to the processing of personal data.
Is my data used for profiling or automated decision-making?
Your data will not be used for profiling or automatic decision-making.
For how long is my data stored?
WMDA retains your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are collected or processed, unless WMDA is obliged by law to retain your data for longer.
Users /website visitors
WMDA retains invoices and other fiscally relevant data for at least seven years.
Data received by any digital online form is stored until the data is processed within our customer relationship management system or any other communication has been completed. The information is kept in our customer management system until the person or affiliated organisation notifies us that he or she would like the data to be changed or deleted. Data of organisations are checked yearly to ensure that it is up to date. In addition, incorrect and outdated contact information is deleted.
User accounts of WMDA’s products and services will be closed and removed when:
the user hasn’t used the product or service for more than 1.5 years (after 1-year account inactivated; inactive accounts older than 6 months are removed);
the user abandoned to pay for the service;
the user is no longer an employee of an organisation allowed to use the WMDA’s product or service;
the user of any education programmes completed the course and didn’t register for a continuing course.
Contact data from previous users of WMDA’s products and services might be kept into the customer management system for future communication on new products or when the user also fulfils additional activities within the WMDA.
The WMDA’s products or services also store log data and back-up data. Log data are kept for six months. Back-up files from the data are stored based on a rotation scheme for a maximum of 1 year.
WMDA retains the data from the submitted contact form for a maximum of 5 years.
Newsletter
WMDA retains personal data with respect to newsletters until you unsubscribe to the newsletter, unless WMDA is obliged by law to retain the data for longer.
Job applicants
WMDA will retain the data for a maximum of four weeks after the job application procedure has been concluded, unless the applicant has explicitly given permission to retain the data for one year.
How can I review my data and rectify any inaccurate information?
You are always in control of your data that we store. You have:
The right to request access to the personal data that is processed by WMDA;
The right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data from WMDA;
Under circumstances, the right to ask WMDA to erase your personal data (also called the right to be forgotten);
Under circumstances, the right to obtain restriction of processing from WMDA;
Under circumstances, the right to data portability;
In case consent is given, the right to withdraw your consent at any time;
The right to file a complaint to the Data Protection authority;
Furthermore, under circumstances you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
In order to exercise the abovementioned rights, you can submit a request to mail@wmda.info. For more information on your rights, you can also visit the website from the Dutch competent authority at https://www.autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement was updated in January 2020. We will keep it under review and make updates from time to time. Updates to this Statement will be posted on the WMDA website. If we make any significant changes to the way we treat your personal data, we will make this clear on the WMDA website or by contacting you directly.
How can I ask questions about this Privacy Statement?
If you still have any questions, comments or concerns after reading this Privacy Statement, you can contact us by sending a message to the WMDA office at mail@wmda.info.
World Marrow Donor Association (WMDA)
Schipholweg 57, 1st floor,
2316 ZL Leiden,
The Netherlands
Tel: +31 88 505 7900
Email: mail@wmda.info
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More information can be found here.
AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.