https://wmshp.net/privacy
Log in
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Google
Remember me
Forgot password
WMSHP
Join
Events
News
Discuss
Scholarships & Grants
WMSHP Scholarship
Midyear Meeting Scholarship
Community Service Grant
Organization Info
Board Members
By-Laws
Privacy Policy
Help
Privacy Policy
Jump To:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
How We Handle Financial Transactions
Our Commitment To Data Security
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Stop Communications from WMSHP
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available throughout our website (at the bottom of each page), including every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Western Michigan Society of Health-System Pharmacists (WMSHP) website. On some pages, you can register for meetings, pay meeting or membership dues, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information which may be collected at these pages include:
Name
Home and work address
Home and work phone number
Email address
Professional information (e.g. clinical interests or alma mater)
Dates and dollar amounts of previous financial transactions
WMSHP Meeting attendance history
Information needed to submit CE attendance to the NABP CPE Monitor
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself on the website only to complete applicable payments, to update your personal contact information in our database, or to register you for WMSHP events. We also collect information related to scholarship & grant applications; and our board uses this information to determine how these awards are granted.
We will never sell or provide your information to any third party, except for the following instances:
We may provide your information to our parent organizations (American Society of Health-Systems Pharmacists, Michigan Pharmacists Association, and Michigan Society of Health-System Pharmacists) upon their request.
Pharmaceutical representatives who sponsor meetings may require us to provide them with a list of attendees for reimbursement purposes.
We will provide relevant participant-specific information to organizations responsible for granting continuing education credits and submitting those credits to the NABP CPE Monitor.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
How We Handle Financial TransactionsAny financial transactions made through the website are handled by third parties PayPal or Wild Apricot / AffiniPay (AffiniPay). PayPal's privacy policy may be viewed by clicking here. AffiniPay's privacy policy may be viewed by clicking here.
For PayPal payments, actual financial transactions take place on PayPal's secure website, and not WMSHP.net. We do not provide any of your personal information to PayPal, except for the information that you provide while completing the actual financial transaction. No member of WMSHP or WMSHP.net will ever have access to your credit card or bank account information when you make a payment through PayPal via the WMSHP website.
AffiniPay payments are processed directly on our secure website.  We do not provide any of your personal information to AffiniPay, except for the information that you provide while completing the actual financial transaction. No member of WMSHP or WMSHP.net will ever have access to your credit card or bank account information when you make a payment through AffiniPay via the WMSHP website, as this information is handled directly through AffiniPay's servers.  If you choose to save your payment information to speed up future transactions, that information is stored on AffiniPay's servers and not on our own servers.
Our Commitment To Data SecurityWild Apricot, our web service provider, takes advantage of physical and electronic procedures to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, ensure the correct use of information, and to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  All communication on our website incorporates HTTPS encryption.
How To Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access and change all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by updating your member profile on our website.
How To Stop Communications from WMSHPFrom time to time, WMSHP may send information to current and former members via e-mail. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, an unsubscribe link is provided in all email newsletters.  You may also update your contact preferences by updating your member profile on our website.  Requests to cease communication from WMSHP will be honored immediately upon receipt.
How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact any of our current board members. Contact information for each of our board members can be viewed at https://wmshp.net/board.
Initially Effective May 1st, 2010Revised July 3, 2019 (Technical updates due to transition from in-house-built website to Wild Apricot hosted website. New information about Wild Apricot / AffiniPay payment processor. Clarification of who we share contact information with.)
For technical assistance, email webmaster@wmshp.net.
Click here to view our Privacy Policy.
Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software