https://womansafehealth.com/terms/
734 477 5100
info@womansafehealth.com
Facebook
Facebook
Terms
Disclaimer, Privacy Policy, & Terms of Use
WomanSafeHealth, PC
Disclaimer
Information we provide on womansafehealth.com or on links from our site is not intended to provide medical advice. Information on this website is not a substitute for professional medical advice. Use of this site does not establish a doctor-patient relationship. To diagnose or treat a health problem, for questions regarding a medical condition, or prior to starting any new treatment, you should consult with a qualified healthcare provider.
WomanSafeHealth, PC (WSH) provides links to other internet sources as a courtesy; we are not responsible for the content of these other websites. Our Disclaimer, Terms of Use, and Privacy Policy do not apply to those other sites. While we update our website in an effort to be sure that it is timely and correct, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of the content. WSH does not warrant that the information on the site is accurate, timely or complete; or access to the site will be uninterrupted, error or virus free or without risk.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Disclaimer and you assume full responsibility for use of any information within womansafehealth.com.
Privacy Policy
WSH is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to womansafehealth.com, not to mention our health care clients. One of our Guiding Principles is “We protect your privacy.” We do not collect any information that allows us to identify or contact you unless you provide that information yourself, for example if you email us, or if you send us a form electronically. If you provide us with personal information through our website, we have taken reasonable precautionary steps to help protect that information so as to keep it confidential. You should know, however, that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security or privacy of Internet transmissions, or of our website altogether, due to hacking, malware, etc. In order to protect your privacy do not email information that you consider confidential.
If you browse through our website we do collect some basic data about your visit. We cannot however, identify you with this information.  This information is kept and used in aggregate for analysis, but is not personal to you and cannot be used to identify you. We use this aggregate data to determine traffic patterns, visits, and other statistics we then use to improve our site.
We will occasionally use cookies. Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by the web browser. We cannot use them to identify you.  Cookies allow website managers to adapt materials to your computer. Most web browsers accept cookies, but you may be able to adjust your browser to not allow them or to let you know when they are being sent.
We also take appropriate measures to protect user information offline. Access to personal information is restricted to only those employees and agents who need the information to perform a task.
We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms Of Use or to protect our service, website, customers or others.
WSH never saves passwords or credit card information.
We might also use this information to respond to e-mails, provide customer support, and enforce our Terms Of Use or other similar matters.
Sometimes a law, court order, or other judicial or administrative process (such as the ironically named Patriot Act) requires us to provide information to a government authority or party to a private lawsuit.We will provide the information that we in good faith believe is required to comply with the law, order, or other process.
It is important to know that you may inadvertently provide personally identifiable information to third parties through your posting to a forum or participation in a chat session and we have no way to limit their use of the information you may provide.
In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), WSH will not knowingly collect or accept personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent’s or guardian’s prior consent.
If you supply any personal information to us on these forms (e.g., name, address, telephone number, or email address), we will not use this information to contact you unless you have specifically stated that we may do so. For example, with your permission, we may send you health information and health updates via email or we may send you reminders about specific health-related tests, such as Pap smears.
Messages that you send to us by email (via the links or forms on our website pages) may not be secure. If you choose to send any confidential personal information to us via email, you accept the risk that a third party may intercept and misuse this information.
Occasionally, we post surveys on our website to obtain input from you and other website visitors. We use the information gathered through these surveys to improve the services we provide our members or to improve the content and use of our website. Participation in these surveys is voluntary.
If you subscribe to our email newsletter, we may from time to time send you email messages or other forms of communications describing new events, updates, or other announcements. You can choose to stop receiving any correspondence from us at any time. Simply go to the Email Newsletter page and unsubscribe. Please allow up to 10 days for us to process your request.
WSH either owns the data, text, graphics, images, logos, icons and other information on this website, including related copyrights, or has permission to use them.  You have our permission to personally use or to copy any portion of this website, but not for profit or other commercial reasons. Any other use is prohibited. Please contact us if you wish to request permission to use text, photos or graphics for another use.
This website contains links to other websites, including medical ones.  WSH has no control whatsoever over these sites or businesses/organizations, and they may or may not adhere to the same Terms Of Use, Disclaimers, or Privacy Policies as does WSH. These linked sites could also be fraudulent, risky, or contain such things as malware, viruses, etc. You click on to these links wholly at your own risk.
If you want to change, correct, update or delete your information, please contact WSH via e-mail at info@womansafehealth.com.
Terms Of Use
By using this site, you agree that WSH is not responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage resulting from the use of this site, including using links herein, by you or any user. You agree not to use this format to send us any messages requiring a response in less than two (2) business days. We reserve the right to modify, including add or remove, contents of this Website, or Disclaimer, Terms of Use, and/or Privacy Policy at any time. For your own protection periodically review these policies for any changes.
You agree that neither WSH nor any of its agents, officers, directors, participating healthcare providers, owners or suppliers shall have any liability to you under any theory of liability or indemnity in connection with your access to or use of this Website or any website referenced in or linked to this Website.
No warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, are provided with this web site. That includes, but is not limited to, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or any warranty arising from a course of dealing, usage, or trade practice. WSH is not liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action you or anyone else takes or neglects to take in reliance upon the information provided on this web site.
By using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Website Privacy Policy and you assume full responsibility for use of any information within womansafehealth.com.