https://womenshealthservice.com/notice-of-privacy-policies/
Women's Health ServicesVasectomy
Minors
Pre-Op
Post-Op
Abnormal Pregnancy
Costs/Insurance
Payment
Directions
Please note donations are not tax deductibleHome
About Us
Medical Abortions
Our Services
Testimonials
Contact Us
HomeAbout UsMedical AbortionsOur ServicesTestimonialsContact Us
Notice Of Privacy Policies
Women’s Health Services respects your privacy and works hard to safeguard the privacy of your personal data. We realize that the Internet raises questions concerning the nature, use and confidentiality of information collected about consumers. We want you to know that we apply our long-standing commitment to safeguarding privacy to our Internet activities.
Personal Information
Women’s Health Services does not share, disclose or sell any personally information (such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) collected online on Women’s Health Services web site with other unaffiliated companies or organizations for non-Women’s Health Services purposes. In the future, should Women’s Health Services decide to share such data with third parties for marketing, it will provide notification and the opportunity for its users to indicate whether they would prefer that the Company not provide such information about them to third parties. Because this information is a critical part of our business, it would be treated like our other assets in the context of a merger, sale or other corporate reorganization or legal proceeding. Women’s Health Services also does not market to, or knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 13 on this web site.
How We Use Information
Women’s Health Services uses the personally information we collect and you provided to us principally to provide you with the service(s) you have ordered and to let you know about other offerings which may be of interest to you. Postal and e-mail address information, for example, enables communication about services offered and ordered, as well as the proper provisioning and billing of those services.
Women’s Health Services will provide personal information in response to subpoenas and other legal demands, and where we believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against individuals who may be endangering public safety or interfering with Women’s Health Services property or services, or with our customers’ or others’ use of them.
How We Collect Information
Women’s Health Services collects information online by asking you for it, for example, when you order a service, apply for a job, or respond to a survey, sweepstakes or other promotion. A customer’s name, address (postal and e-mail) and telephone number are the most important pieces of information, but we might request other information, based on, for example, the service(s) being ordered or promoted.
Security
We use encryption, firewalls and other technology and security procedures to help protect the accuracy and security of your personal information and prevent unauthorized access or improper use.
Your Access to Information
You may review or update the available personal information that we received from you via our online form. Please note that in order to better protect you and safeguard your information, we take steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
For questions regarding this policy, you may use our contact us form or call us at (617) 277-0009.
Search for:
Translate
© Women's Health Services * 111 Harvard Street * Brookline * MA * 02446Home
Contact Us
Directions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap