https://worksafe.org/strategies/legal-support.html
Skip to main content
Facebook
LinkedIn
About
Mission & History
Impact Reports
Worksafe Staff
Board of Directors
Contact Us
Strategies
Policy Advocacy
Legal Support
Training
Public Outreach
Movement Building
Resources
Campaigns
Coronavirus
Wildfire Smoke
Heat Hazards
Workplace Violence
Toxic Chemicals
Secure Work
Workplace Fatalities
Employer Retaliation
Injury Reporting
Safety at Tesla
News & Events
News
Events
Worker Health & Safety Heroes
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
About
Strategies
Campaigns
News & Events
Donate
Legal Support
Policy Advocacy
Legal Support
Training
Public Outreach
Movement Building
Resources
Worksafe is a Legal Services Support Center, certified by the California State Bar. We provide assistance to legal services programs, engage in impact litigation and amicus briefs, support legal clinics with advice and assistance, and conduct training for legal advocates.
Legal AssistanceAlthough Worksafe does not directly represent individuals, we provide technical advice and assistance to those legal services programs who handle injured workers' cases or who provide any level of service that assists people with work-related legal issues.
Our areas of expertise include occupational safety and health, workers' compensation laws, workplace toxic hazards, trial practice, writ practice, and administrative and legislative advocacy.
If you are a legal services program and would like to request advice or assistance, please contact us.
LitigationWe work closely with legal services programs and the organizations that they assist to address broad worker safety and health policy issues through writ and appellate proceedings and other types of impact litigation.
We have served as lead counsel, co-counsel, and amicus counsel in select impact litigation, advocating on behalf of low-wage, immigrant workers for stronger health and safety protections under California law.
Injured Worker ClinicsWorksafe also provides assistance to legal aid organizations that serve low-wage workers through periodic legal clinics.
At these clinics, injured workers can seek assistance from experienced volunteer workers’ compensation attorneys, law students working under the guidance of such attorneys, and/or community workers who can assist with vital non-legal aspects of the clients’ cases.
We have successfully supported injured worker clinics by developing written attorney guidelines, creating appropriate intake questionnaires, attending clinics to support clinic staff and volunteer attorneys when requested, recruiting volunteer attorneys for each clinic, and providing worker educational materials to be disseminated at the clinic.
If your legal aid program is interested in starting a clinic to serve low-wage injured workers, or if you’d like to explore the possibilities of establishing a clinic, please contact us.