https://worldchiropracticalliance.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Meet Our Founder – Dr. Terry Rondberg
Humanitarian Efforts
Resources
CCP Guidelines
Bookstore
Ideal Light
Membership
Renew
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Sign Up!
Welcome to https://worldchiropracticalliance.org (the “Site”).We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business.This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by The World Chiropractic Alliance (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).
“Personally Identifiable Information”
Refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.
What organizations are collecting the information?
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks such as Stripe, Authorize.net, and Paypal) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services and also video services may collect information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose to customers how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
You may access Stripe’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://stripe.com/us/privacy
You may access Authorize.net’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
You may access Paypal’s Privacy Policies Here: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
You may access Youtube’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
You may access Wistia’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://wistia.com/privacy
You may access Amazon S3’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
You may access Clickfunnels’ Privacy Policies Here:  https://signup.clickfunnels.com/privacy
You may access LeadPages’ Privacy Policies Here:  https://www.leadpages.net/privacy
You may access Mailchimp’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
You may access Sendgrid’s Privacy Policies Here:  https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/
How Long Is Information Stored?
If you complete a form or leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.    Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
With whom may the information may be shared?
Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by the World Chiropractic Alliance is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of the World Chiropractic Alliance except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at 28780 Old Town Front St. Ste. D-7, Temecula, CA 92590
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
Analytics
By default this site does not collect any analytics data. However, our web host may collect some anonymous analytics data.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site — you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Behavioral Advertising
We use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:
– Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
– Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
– Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Additionally, all email marketing originated from the World Chiropractic Alliance will contain easy unsubscribe functionality to ensure the ability to permanently remove yourself from any future mailings.
How does The World Chiropractic Alliance use login information?
The World Chiropractic Alliance uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?
The World Chiropractic Alliance has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors.  Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at the contact information below.
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting us. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Links:
https://worldchiropracticalliance.org contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Contact:
[Privacy Officer]
28780 Old Town Front St. Ste. D-7,
Temecula, CA 92590
Email:  terry@rondberg.com
FREE BOOK!
Our Mission
Develop, promote, and support humanitarian programs that reach out to populations that, due to geographic or economic factors, cannot access chiropractic care
Support health and social measures that would benefit underserved populations worldwide
Promote chiropractic as the only discipline that focuses on correcting subluxations and reducing the stress that interferes with the body’s ability to self-regulate and heal
Provide resources needed by doctors of chiropractic and chiropractic students to become more competent and successful practitioners
The Great Chiropractic Debate!