https://woundheal.org/privacy.cgi
WHS Home
About WHS
About WHS
Board of Directors
Committees
Contact WHS
Corporate Membership
Corporate Sponsors
Donate
Members Only Area
Membership Benefits
Bylaws
History
Past Leadership
Meetings
Annual Meeting
Past & Future Meetings
Awards
3M Fellowship
Anita Roberts Award
Distinguished Service
Excellence in Translational Regenerative Science
Industrial Research & Development Poster Award
Junior Faculty Travel Grant
Lifetime Achievement
SAWC Spring Research Scholar
Summer Research Award
Trainee Travel Awards
Young Investigator
Wound Shark Innovation Competition
Publications
Advances in Wound Care
WHS Newsletter
WHS Wound Care Guidelines
Wound Repair and Regeneration
Related Journals
WRR Fireside Chat Series
Resources & Education
Associations of Interest
Bulletin Board
Calendar of Events
Clinic Listing
Job Postings
WHS Innovation 101 Series
News You Can Use
Research Lab Listing
Regional Meeting Support
WEF-CEP Patient Survey
Wound Healing Foundation
Privacy Policy
Full Compliance with CAN-SPAM.
The Wound Healing Society (WHS) maintains dedicated web and database servers hosting content and email services. WHS has never, and will never, participate or allow SPAM to be sent from any of its dedicated servers. If you believe that SPAM has been sent from us, please let us know immediately so that our engineers can investigate and rectify the situation.
more information on the CAN-SPAM Act
Your Privacy is Completely Assured.
At WHS, we strive to develop innovative services to better serve our users. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use WHS's services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it. The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. "Personally identifying information" is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address.
Data collection
WHS does not collect any information your browser makes available whenever you visit our website.
Most of our systems require you to register for an account. The Society may collect personal information in order to create an account (typically your name, email address and a password for your account). That information will be used to provide the service. For certain services, such as Meeting Registration, the WHS may request credit card or other payment information which we transmit in encrypted form on secure servers and then discard. These data are not
permanently stored.
Information sharing
We do not rent, give out, or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals.
At no time is your information available to anyone outside of WHS leadership, its employees or managers.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of WHS, such as acquisition by or merger with another Society or Organization, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to WHS leaders who need to know that information in order to deliver, operate, develop or improve our services.
At no time is your personally identifying information available to the outside public.
All information and services can be sent over encrypted channels. Not all WHS information may use this service. In the event of credit card or checking account use, all information is sent over 128-bit or 256-bit encrypted channels.
Refund policy
There are no refunds for membership dues or donations. There will be partial refunds issued on a case by case basis for meeting registrations, more details will be available either on the registration form.
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us via our Contact Form, available here.
The Privacy Notice posted on this site was updated on August 31, 2017.