http://www.debra.org/get-help/new-family-advocate-program
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Get Help
New Family Advocate Program
New Family Advocate Program
Debra
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Travel
School Resources
EB Camps
EB Cards
Hospital Care Tips
Bereavement
Medical Supply Companies
There are approximately 200 babies born in the United States with EB each year. The New Family Advocate Program’s goal is to provide a full support system to the parents and caregivers of each and every one of these children.
Among these web pages you will find information and resources to help navigate caring for a newborn with EB, including How-To’s on wound care, bathing and prevention of blisters, where to find medical supplies, medical coverage rights and a host of other topics to give your baby the best care possible.
Sadly, there is no cure today, but debra of America is here to help you manage the symptoms of EB as effectively as possible to best manage EB. We are always here to help.
Get a Free Care Package. All Packages Include:
A wide range of EB wound care supplies, including non-adhesive bandages and ointments
Instructional information and product guides from wound care leaders ConvaTec and Molnlycke
Educational materials and best practices on caring for the infant
Information on US Wound Care Distributors, including McKesson Patient Care Solutions’ Products and Resources for Care of a Newborn with EB Guide
Wound Care Supplies Carry Bag, Teddy Bear and more
To receive a free New Family Advocate Wound Care Package:
If you would like to receive this free care package from debra of America, or know someone who might, you can request one via email or phone:
Email: woundcare@debra.org
Phone: 212-868-1573, ext. 104
You are not alone.
Click here to read a note to parents of newborns from Leslie Rader, founder of the New Family Advocate Program and current member of debra of America’s Board of Directors.
More Help From Home
Caring for Newborns with EB
To all new parents, here are some helpful hints and detailed medical information to assist you.
Learn More
EB Nurse Educator Program
Nurse Educators are available to provide guidance to parents, family members, and hospital staff that are caring for newborns.
Learn More
Know Your Rights
Learn more about potential health care coverage options and other common areas of importance when raising a child with EB.
Learn More
Friends of the New Family Advocate Program
Our New Family Advocate Care Packages would not be possible without support from the EB Community and our generous corporate sponsors, leading EB wound care manufacturers ConvaTec and Molnlycke Health Care.
Thank you for supporting the New Family Advocate Program and supplying wound care supplies!
Search
Sign up for our Newsletter
75 Broad Street |Suite 300
New York | NY 10004
212-868-1573
212-868-9296
staff@debra.org
Footer Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Donor Privacy Policy
Shop
debra of America has earned the highest possible rating of 4 stars from Charity Navigator, the nation's leading charity evaluator.
© Copyright 2020, debra of America, All Rights Reserved | The Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa Research Association of America, d/b/a debra of America is a registered 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization. | All Trademarks and Brands are Property of Their Respective Owners. debra of America does not endorse any drugs, tests, or treatments that we may report. This website is for informational purposes, always check with your physician before adopting any medical treatment. | EIN: 11-2519726
Debra
About Us
What We Do
Meet the Team
DEBRA International
Donor Privacy Policy
Annual Reports & Financials
Downloadable Materials
Connect With Us
About EB
EB in Depth
Clinical Trials
Personal Stories
EB in the News
How To
Care for Wounds
Care for Blisters
Care for Newborns
Choose Products
Prepare a Bath
Recognize Infection
EB Care Tips
Get Help
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Fundraise
Host a Supporter Led Event
Government Advocacy
Join an Action Group
Internship
Volunteer
Purchase with Purpose
Subscribe to Emails
Events
debra-Hosted Events
Supporter Led Events
TEAM DEBRA
Awareness & Advocacy Events
Search
Donate