https://www.barthsyndrome.org/waystohelp/donate/previousfundraisers.html
Skip to main content
About BSF
Mission & Organization
Strategic Plan
Legal & Financial
Legal Documents
Annual Reports & Financials
Policies & Procedures
Board Minutes
Leadership & Staff
Board of Directors
Audit Committee
Board Development Committee
Executive Committee
Finance and Investments Committee
Fundraising Committee
Policies and Agreements Committee
Staff
Scientific & Medical Advisory Board
International Affliates
Connect with Community
Contact Us
Careers
Research
Researcher Resources
2021 BSF Grant Program
2020 BSF Science and Medicine Symposium
Grants Awarded
Animal and Cellular Models of Barth Syndrome
Biobanked Patient Samples and Transformed Cell Lines
Barth Syndrome Registry and Repository
Human Tafazzin (TAZ) Gene Variants Database
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
CARDIOMAN
Gene Replacement Therapy for Barth Syndrome
TAZPOWER
Rare Disease Webinar
Portfolio Review
Scientific and Medical Journal Articles
Bibliography
Open Access Articles
Highlights of Clinical Knowledge
Barth Syndrome
What is Barth Syndrome?
Approaches to Diagnosis
International Classification of Disease
Principal Clinical Diagnostic Criteria
Other Important Findings by System
Clinical Manifestations
Barth Syndrome Diagnostic Laboratory Testing
Biomarker and Genetic Testing Facilities for Barth Syndrome
References
Newly Diagnosed
Family Resources
Families Affected by Barth Syndrome
Tools for School/ Families
Introduction
Developmental Issues
Protections of Students with Disabilities
Choices of Educational Environments
Preparing the Master File
Communicating with Schools
Resources
Tools for School/ Educators
Introduction
What is Barth Syndrome
Physical Challenges
Some Neurodevelopmental Challenges
Social and Emotional Challenges
Suggestions and Advice for Educators
Warning Signs of Physical Distress and Tips for Care
Resources
Care Management Toolbox
Finding Care
Organizing My Medical Binder
Emergency Department Guidance
My Blood Test Results
My Medical Forms
Resources
COVID-19 Health Advisories
FACT Sheets
Fact Sheet Library
Genetics Fact Sheet
Female Carriers
Online Support Groups & Yoga
Clinician Resources
Videos and Webinars
Conference Videos
BSF 2018 Conference
BSF 2016 Conference
BSF 2014 Conference
BSF 2012 Conference
BSF 2010 Conference
Webinars
Potential Use of Entresto
2019 Town Hall
Strength, Stamina and Fatigue in Barth Syndrome
Cardiac Aspects of Barth syndrome
The Role of MLCL:CL as a diagnostic assay for Barth syndrome
Gene Replacement Therapy in the Barth Syndrome Knockout Mouse
International Affiliates
Meet Our Community
Meet The People We Serve
Remember the Girls
Meet Our Clinicians and Scientists
Advocacy
Elamipretide Petition
Community Petition Cover Letter
KOL Letter Elamipretide
Ways to Help
Donate
Events
Events
February Heart Month
Rare Disease Day
Tributes
Tributes
Timothy Monahan
Will McCurdy Fund for the Advancement of Therapies for Barth Syndrome
Other Ways To Give
Previous Fundraisers
$20 for #BARTH2020
Participate in Research
Fundraising Toolkit
Set Up A Fundraiser
News & Events
What's New
Press Releases
COVID-19 Precautions
PFDD Meeting
About
What You Need to Know
Live Streaming
Voice of the Patient
Sponsors
International Conference
Call for Speaker Abstracts
BSF 2020 Conference
Conference Programs
Newsletter
Newsletter
E-News
Research Brief
January 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
July 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December2018
From the Desk of the Executive Director
Kate McCurdy named 2020 Board Chair
BSF charts new paths with FDA
The Power of Patients Harnessing quality registries to Understand Your Rare Disease
BSF Beat
BSF Beat Winter 2019
BSF Beat Spring 2019
Barth Community ENews
January 2020
News Archives
Video Archives
Calendar
Previous Fundraisers
Donate
Donate
Events
Events
February Heart Month
Rare Disease Day
Tributes
Tributes
Timothy Monahan
Will McCurdy Fund for the Advancement of Therapies for Barth Syndrome
Other Ways To Give
Previous Fundraisers
$20 for #BARTH2020
Participate in Research
Fundraising Toolkit
Set Up A Fundraiser
2018Wally's Warriors
In December 2018, Kelsey and Alex, parent's of Wally, held a virtual fundraiser to sell Wally's Warriors swag to raise money for the Barth Syndrome Foundation. On December 11, Wally's birthday, Kelsey and Alex asked that everyone take a selfie wearing their shirt or sweatshirt and post it to social media using the hashtags #PowerUpBSF and #WallysWarriors to help bring awareness to Barth syndrome!
Levi's Genes
Amy and Joe, parents of Levi, set up a virtual fundraiser event that allowed family and friends to participate, whether that be making a donation or purchasing Levi's Genes swag to ultimately raise money for the Barth Syndrome Foundation and spread awareness of Barth syndrome in their community. Amy said, "Without this foundation and our Barth syndrome families, I don't know where we'd be without them. They are all so important to us and to Levi." #levisgenes
Westchester Triathlon
On September 23, 2018, members of Team Will participated in the Westchester Triathlon to raise money for BSF. This year marked Heather Segal's fourth year racing in memory of Will McCurdy, rather than in his honor. Will’s passing has motivated Team Will to try to raise even more funds to help find a cure for this dreadful disease. Huge thanks to those of you who have generously supported BSF in the past. Your donations help…a lot! BSF has hit impressive milestones - they’re currently working closely with the FDA to help the FDA understand the disease state and treatment needs from the patient perspective. Yet they really need our support to drive this progress forward.
2017#GivingTuesday - November 28, 2017
We did it. In ONE DAY, BSF raised over $60,000. We did it together, and we did it with LOVE. Thank you all for pushing hard to make a difference in the lives of these boys and men affected by this horrible disorder. That’s thanks to you, our beautiful BSF family. Imagine the possibilities in what we’ll tackle next!
Team Barth - Baltimore Running Festival
Together We Can Do Hard Things!
On October 21, 2017, together, Kevin & Stacey Woodward ran 39.3 miles in the Baltimore Running Festival on Saturday, October 21st. Kevin took on the half marathon and Stacey the marathon. They run because their son, Connor, can’t.
To get ready for race day, Kevin and Stacey put in an average of 20—40 miles per week of running. All this in addition to working full-time and raising two kids. That’s dedication! Their friends and family also showed their dedication by donating to BSF in Connor’s honor! As Stacey and Kevin say to their sons, “Together, we can do hard things!” Yes, we can!
Westchester Triathlon
On September 24, 2017, once again, members of Team Will participated in the Westchester Triathlon. For the past 11 years, members of Team Will competed in triathlons to raise money for the Barth Syndrome Foundation. This race marked their 3rd year racing in memory of Will McCurdy, rather than in his honor. Will’s passing has motivated Team Will to try to raise even more funds to help find a cure for this dreadful disease. Huge thanks to Team Will and those of you who have generously supported BSF in the past. Your donations help…a lot! BSF has hit impressive milestones in recent years, yet the community still needs our support to drive this progress forward.
Styrkeproven
On June 16, 2017, team members Jan, Guido, Ruud, Serge, David, Marco and Koen participated in the Styrkeproven Trondheim - Oslo Marathon, one of cyclings real classics. Feared and loved by riders for half a century, nothing comes close to completing this race. Proceeds raised supported the Barth Syndrome Foundation.
Happy Heart Week
Happy Heart Week is a virtual awareness and fund raising campaign centered around Henry’s birthday. Henry’s birthday is May 2nd. He is turning FIVE! All birthdays are milestones, but this one feels like an especially big one. Birthdays are always such a sweet celebration. But even more to us now, birthdays remind us in a very literal way of our gratefulness for each breath everyday and our time together here on earth. For Henry’s 5th birthday, we are going to celebrate his beautiful life; his challenges with Barth syndrome; the other boys and men suffering from this disease and their families; and the great work the Barth Syndrome Foundation is currently doing. Thank you so very much for your support! We are forever indebted and grateful!
Last updated 3/30/2019
NORD
Facebook
Powered by Firespring