http://www.fmam.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of UseHome Terms of Use
Terms of Use
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by the Fire Marshal Association of Minnesota (FMAM). Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to FMAM. FMAM offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Use are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Use.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 1 – ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 – ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 4 – MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 – PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 6 – ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 7 – OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Use.
SECTION 8 – THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 9 – USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Use.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 – PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. View our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 11 – ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 – PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 13 – DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall FMAM, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 14 – INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless FMAM and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 15 – SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 – TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 17 – ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 – GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota.
SECTION 19 – CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 20 – CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Use should be sent to us via email.
– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Combining Narratives and Technology to Reduce Incidents
This class will explore using narratives and technology to reach a traditionally hard-to-reach audience: college students. It details the efforts of the Poudre Fire Authority to make traditional fire education a more immersive, engaging subject. Drawing on principles of psychology as well as literature, PFA was able to reduce calls.
Additionally, this class will showcase using 360 and virtual reality in education. The materials used will be made available to all attendees. The final portion of the class will be a full walk-through and training designed to teach attendees how to present this material effectively.
Michael comes to the fire service after several years working in international development. His work has ranged from GED prep for refugees on the border of Thailand and Burma to elementary education at a rural orphanage in Kenya, to working on global teacher policy for the United Nations in Paris, France. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Sociology and a Masters in Diplomacy.
For the past five years, Michael Durkin has been promoting safety as the Community Risk Reduction Manager at the Poudre Fire Authority in Ft. Collins, Colorado. This experience is bolstered by his service as a volunteer firefighter for four of those years. Michael believes education is empowerment and his programs are a unique blend of social work, public health and education.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
I’m Not Public Education – What Do I Do?
Sometimes fire marshals, the probationary firefighter or other officers get asked to conduct public education events. This could happen to you! This class will provide resources for your presentation, current fire prevention messaging and other tips to help you be effective when teaching your community about fire prevention.
Ms. Osmonson started fighting fires in 1987 and quickly developed a passion for saving lives and property through fire prevention and public education. She started with the State Fire Marshal Division as youth fire intervention coordinator in 2012 and has since evolved into a combination youth fire intervention and fire and life safety educator position. She is a contract instructor for the National Fire Academy, writes and reviews peer reviewed scholarly articles and has a master’s degree in forensic behavioral health.
Mr. Reif is an 18-year veteran of the fire service. He is one of Minnesota’s deputy state fire marshals, and still an active firefighter and HazMat tech, Fire and Life Safety Educator and Youth Fire Prevention and Intervention Specialist affiliated with two Twin Cities suburban fire departments. He holds a master’s degree, has
a wealth of experience in the fire service, and also spent 35 years dealing with youth as a high school teacher and coach; his background in these two concurrent careers make him uniquely qualified for dealing with YFPI cases.
Mr. Berger currently serves as he Fire and Life Safety Educator for the City of Saint Paul. He is also a firefighter for the City of New Brighton and a fire inspector at the Minnesota State Fair.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Rental Properties – AirBnB, Flipkey, & VRBO
The latest craze in the housing rental market – call them VRBO, Airbnb, or Flipkey – these short term rental properties bring unique issues to neighborhoods unlike traditional hotels or rental housing.
Learn about the impacts at other cities across the nation and what you can do in your jurisdiction. Ms. Wiese was originally hired by the city of St. Paul in 2005 as a fire protection engineer and is currently the Fire Safety Manager where she oversees the fire safety inspection program in Saint Paul for both new and existing buildings.
In addition to her regular role in St. Paul, Angie holds a
position on the Code Council Board of Directors and is the current President of Fire Marshals Association of Minnesota, and is also a board member of the Fire and Life Safety section for the International Association of Fire Chiefs.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Code Update
The new 2020 Minnesota State Fire Code is coming soon.
This course will provide a general overview on how national and
local input contirbuted to the adoptiuon proccess as well
as what major changes are expected in the new fire code.
The SFMD fire code team will address several major changes and
provide insight on their enforcement and intention.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
State Fire Marshal Roles and Responsibilities
Newly appointed State Fire Marshal Jim Smith will describe the major roles and responsibilities of the different sections found within the SFMD. This discussion will provide insight to how the division operates as well as how you can access an immense amount of resources that will help you while performing your everyday duties.
The SFMD mission is to protect lives and property by fostering a fire-safe environment through investigation, enforcement, regulation, data collection and public education. Join Jim to find out more about how the SFMD wants to help you make your mission a success.
×– KEYNOTE ADDRESS –
USFA Deputy U.S Fire Administrator &
NFA superintendent Tonya Hoover
On the 5th of February of 2020, Tonya Hoover was named Deputy U.S. Fire Administrator. She is currently responsible for the day-to-day operation of the U.S. Fire Administration (USFA). Her duties now include the annual training of over 100,000 first responders at and through the National Fire Academy; the National Fire Incident Reporting System, which documents and analyzes 27 million fire department emergency responses a year; the USFA’s fire prevention, public information and public education programs; and the 26 campus buildings and the grounds of the historic National Emergency Training Center in Emmitsburg, Maryland.
Ms. Hoover is an accomplished executive with more than 20 years of management experience and Prior to her new role served as Superintendent for the National Fire Academy. Ms. Hoover has been active in both local and state governments prior to her federal service and has served as California State Fire Marshal, fire marshal/battalion chief for a local fire department, and was a deputy campus fire marshal for the University of California at Berkeley.
Ms. Hoover has served on the Board of Directors for the National Fire Protection Association, and currently holds a Board of Director position with the International Fire Service Training Association. Listening to Deputy Administrator Hoover’s experiences in the fire service will encourage you to use and share your talents in positive ways for your community.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Case Study (Minneapolis Fire Department personnel and State Fire Marshal Division)
On Wednesday, November 27, 2019 just before 4:00 am a fire
in a 25-story high rise apartment building in Minneapolis claimed the lives of 5 victims.
Local and state fire officials will describe the incident,
timeline of events, firefighting operations, what worked and what went wrong in this incident.
This session will look at how the building performed in this fire, factors that contributed to the fire spread and loss of life, and what lessons could be learned from this tragic event.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
2020 Certification Track
(FIRE AND LIFE SAFETY EDUCATOR I)
Fighting fire with prevention education not only saves lives and property, it is a service to your community. Learn how to effectively relate to all age groups, use up to date messaging and conduct a community risk assessment in order to reduce the risks in your community. This course and certification will start with education based on the Principles and Practices Second edition Jones & Bartlett book, and conclude with the certification exam. After this course participants will learn to present effective lessons, adapt lesson plans to their audience, market their programs, disseminate educational information and evaluate their programs.
Course Instructors: Sara Ahlquist and Kellie Murphy-Ringate
Ms. Ahlquist has been a firefighter and public educator with Minnetonka Fire for the past 12 years. Prior to that she was an elementary school teacher, with a Master’s Degree in Education. Sara’s untiring commitment and successful career working with fire and life safety education makes her judgement and opinions highly valued within the Minnesota fire marshal community.
Ms. Murphy-Ringate has been a firefighter and public educator with the Excelsior Fire District for over 26 years, became a Fire inspector in 2005, and has been Fire Marshal since 2017. Kellie is responsible for fire code inspections, code enforcement, public fire and life safety education, fire sprinkler plan review, fire investigations, and public relations. Kellie serves on the Minnesota State Fire Chiefs Public Education Committee, and helped develop MSFCA Public Education Messaging Guide. Kellie has served on several committees and continues to be an active leader in public education.
MINNESOTA FIRE SERVICE CERTIFICATION BOARD PUBLIC FIRE LIFE SAFETY EDUCATOR I SKILLS TESTING GUIDE
https://secure.mfscb.org/pdfs/certpdf/f&lse.pdf
Prior to attending this course students must also register at the Minnesota Fire Certification Board Website. Instructions on how to register can be found on the MFSCB website under the GENERAL INFORMATION tab.
Total Cost: Conference Registration cost+ $120.00 Cert Board Fee
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Protection Effectiveness
This session will explore the effectiveness of smoke alarms, fire alarm systems, and fire sprinkler systems for the past 16 years in Minnesota. It will examine the nuisance alarm issue and identify the cost impact on fire departments in Minnesota.
Mr. Nisja started his fire service career in 1978 and began working in the areas of fire prevention and fire investigation in 1983. He has served as Fire Marshal for two communities and as a Fire Safety Supervisor with the Minnesota State Fire Marshal Division since 1990. He supervises the fire loss data, fire protection, and training sections for the State Fire Marshal Division. He is a former President of the Fire Marshals Association of Minnesota (1997-2003) and is also a past president of the International Fire Marshals Association (2006-2008).
Jon has authored chapters in five books. His areas of fire protection interest include fire safety history, means of egress, fire protection systems, building construction, and using performance measures to show effectiveness.
Recognition’s include the International Fire Marshals
Association Meritorious Service Award (2009) and the NFPA Shannon Advocacy Medal (2019).
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Media management: A guide for the fire service
This session is designed to address public speaking, dissemination of public information, communication during crisis situations, and how to deal effectively with the news media.
This course will also discuss best practices as related to social media. The intent is to provide each attendee with the basic skills needed to be successful in their position as it relates to communicating with the public via traditional and social media.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Crowd Management and Event Planning
Across the State of Minnesota there are a number of new and old festivals which take place throughout a given year. Additionally, now we are turning a farm into an event center for parties, weddings and concerts. With the growing number large festivals in Minnesota it is important to understand the political dynamics and a strategic look at standards which may apply.
Within this session we will identify some of the festival types being held in Minnesota and how the political landscape of how they are run. Also, from a code perspective, what are some of the strategic areas you might want to consider when one of these events are located within your jurisdiction.
Mr. Hayes is a 27 year public safety professional. His background includes not only command and operations, but codes and standards. He has assisted in the planning and management of a number of large scale events and incidents. Currently, he serves as the Director of Public Safety for the Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Chapter 1306 & City Fire Code Amendments
On March 31, 2020 the new Minnesota State Fire Code (MSFC)
will be effective. Searching many city websites and their city codes you will find many have not been updated in years. Some even reference the old Uniform Fire Code.
This session will present information on whether or not you have to adopt the MSFC in your community, what parts you are allowed to amend, items to consider adding such as language on fire lanes, department policies, permits, and appendices. In addition he will discuss Minnesota Building Code Rule 1306, special fire protection systems.
Mr. Jenson was hired as a Deputy State Fire Marshal in April of
2013 and is Code Specialist. Tom’s main duty is responding to
2000+ emails or phone calls per year regarding questions on
fire and building codes.
In addition, Tom is involved in the development of Minnesota amendments for the fire code adoption process having completed his fourth fire code adoption (and last). Tom also enjoys opportunities to teach fire code at a number of seminars, SFMD fire code academy, and SFMD fire protection demonstration trailer.
Tom retired from Edina Fire Department in August of 2012
after 31 years with the last 12 years as fire marshal. Tom brings a unique perspective to the role of fire marshal having been a business owner for 27 years and balancing code requirements with cost impact to property/business owners.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
Fire Resistance – Penetrations and Firestopping
Within the regulatory community fire rated construction plays an important role as key ingredient to effective building and fire code enforcement. This presentation will equip code officials with a better understanding of fire rated construction and will expand the knowledge of the audience by providing information related to fire resistant products and assemblies as well as testing and the latest UL search tools that can be used to find products and assemblies through a hands-on group learning exercise.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
NFPA 13- Storage
Storage occupancies present a unique challenge to sprinkler system design and installation. NFPA 13 has complex and varying rules for the protection of stored commodities. This interactive seminar will explore the hows and whys of determining various types of commodity classifications, storage components and configurations, and basic fire sprinkler operating principles.
Mr. Kaiser has been involved in the Fire Sprinkler industry for 40 years. Since 2005 he has served as a Deputy State Fire Marshal for the state of Minnesota. As an instructor for the State Fire Marshal’s office, Dan has authored numerous newsletters and training materials in regard to the design, installation and inspection of fire sprinkler systems.
Dan holds a Level IV certification from NICET in Water-Based Systems Layout. He also serves as a subject matter expert for NICET.
Dan sits on a number of industry technical committees including NFPA 13, Sprinkler System Discharge Criteria and twelve UL Standards Technical Panels. In 2015, the American Fire Sprinkler Association, the nation’s largest fire sprinkler association, awarded Dan the prestigious “Fire Sprinklers Save Lives Award” for the contributions he provided to the fire sprinkler industry.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
UL Resources for Fire Code Officials
UL plays an integral part in many things we do as fire and code officials.
This presentation will provide fire safety officials with a more thorough understanding of the UL world and how it can help them their daily operations. Throughout the presentation we will expand the knowledge of the code officials by providing a glimpse into the little understood world of UL including, fire research, fire testing, new technologies, available search tools, all the other resources available from UL and what it all means to a fire code official.
×– COURSE DESCRIPTION –
NFPA13-NFPA 13R Podium Construction
When can you use NFPA 13 and 13R in the same building? Let’s investigate how podium-style building construction can lead to more economical sprinkler system designs methods. Join us as we explore the construction requirements that unlock the secrets to using both NFPA 13 and 13R within the same building and review the life safety and property protection differences between these two standards.
Mr. Kunst has been a Deputy State Fire Marshal and Fire Protection Specialist with the Minnesota State Fire Marshal Division since 2015. Ryan is a Minnesota state certificated fire inspector, investigator, and instructor with over seven years of sprinkler design experience. Additionally, Ryan was a chief level fire officer with 14 years of fire suppression and EMS experience and a critical care paramedic with over 11 years of paramedic experience.
×