http://www.asma.org/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to ensure the best possible web experience. By continuing and using the site, you consent to the use of cookies. If you wish to disable them or to learn more about how we use cookies, please view our Cookies Policy. Got it!
RELATED ORGANIZATIONS
CAREERS
CONTACT US
Member Login
Forgot Username / Password
I Am Interested In...
Travel Medicine Guides
Membership
Annual Scientific Meeting
Continuing Education
Journal
Menu
Login or Register
Search
home
Public Home Page
About AsMA
AsMA Executive Committee
Overview
Association Info
History
Careers
Constituents
Affiliates
Related Organizations
Related Sites
Membership
Overview: Why Become a Member?
Benefits
Individual
Corporate
Apply
Publications
Medical Publications for Airline Travel
Aerospace Mental Health
Aeromedical Lessons Learned from STS-107 Columbia Space Shuttle Mishap
Policy Compendium
AsMA Archives
News & Events
Announcements
Industry News
Newsletters
AsMA News
AsMA News Archive
Events
Scientific Meetings
AsMA Annual Scientific Meeting
1st International Conference in Aerospace Medicine - Paris
Other Meetings
Continuing Education
Certifications
Continuing Medical Education
Journal
Read The Journal
Submit an Article
Subscribe
Subscription Rates & Information
Reprints
Staff
Copyrights / Linking / Permissions
Clinical Index
Journal Advertisement
For Physicians
For Pilots
For STUDENTs & RESIDENTS
For CORPORATIONS
For The PUBLIC
SECTION MENU
Privacy Policy
Home
The Aerospace Medical Association is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, customers and web site visitors. The AsMA maintains safeguards to store and secure information it has about members, customers and web site visitors. The safeguards may be physical, electronic or procedural. This document describes how the AsMA collects data from its Web sites and how the AsMA uses this information.
If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you should end this session now and refrain from visiting our website the future.
What information does the AsMA collect?
It is the AsMA's general policy to collect only personal information that the member or visitor knowingly chooses to provide. The following information is collected from all visitors to AsMA Web sites and is recorded in a log file:
Time and date of the visit
The Internet address of the computer
The browser and operating system used
The page that is viewed
The previous page that was visited
From general users:
The AsMA does not collect any personal identifying information from users who are browsing the public areas of AsMA Web sites other than those data items mentioned above. Users to the public areas of AsMA Web sites browse anonymously. The AsMA does not review the use of publicly accessible AsMA Web sites by individual users unless this information will assist AsMA staff in troubleshooting individual problems. The AsMA will also review this information if a user's account is associated with
Attempts to violate security of AsMA computer networks
Activity that degrades the performance of the AsMA web site
Activity that might be related to copyright violations
From AsMA members, meeting registrants, purchasers of products from the AsMA catalog and other customers:
If a member has logged into a password-protected area of the AsMA Web site, the user's name and member ID number are recorded. In the course of using the AsMA Web site, the member may be asked to provide personal information in order to purchase a product, participate in AsMA activities, or otherwise interact with the AsMA. In addition, the member may be asked to update their member contact information.
Important note for AsMA members: The AsMA maintains a membership database independent of its Web operations. The information from this database is drawn from membership applications, dues payment forms, subscriptions, product orders, and other correspondence between the AsMA and its members.
If a non-member registers for a meeting or purchases a product from the AsMA's Web site the user's name, address and other personal identifying information are recorded. In some instances, demographic information is collected and recorded.
Credit Card information: The AsMA does not disclose credit card account information or activity provided by its customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, the AsMA submits this information encrypted to obtain payment from the appropriate clearing house. If credit card numbers are stored in AsMA databases, they are encrypted.
How does the AsMA use data collected?
The AsMA uses the data it collects from its Web sites to better serve members and visitors to the AsMA Web sites. The AsMA uses information submitted on the AsMA Web sites by members and other customers in the following ways:
AsMA services and product: The AsMA uses data collected to improve its Web content, to respond to visitor needs and preferences and to develop new products and services.
Disclosure to third parties: The AsMA makes member contact information available in its online Membership Directory only to other members of the AsMA who have verified their membership status before entering the online membership directory. The AsMA shares membership, demographic, and contact information with AsMA constituent organizations. On occasion, the AsMA may also provide limited data about its members to third parties that offer products or services deemed of interest to the clinical or socioeconomic practice of medicine. These limited data include names and addresses, but do not include phone numbers, fax numbers or e-mail addresses. AsMA members may opt out of third party sharing by checking a clearly labeled box to do so. The option may be found by logging into their AsMA member account, clicking on ‘Account’ and selecting ‘Personal Info’, then clicking on the box labeled ‘Third Party Opt out’.
Disclosure required by law or emergency circumstances: The AsMA may release personal information to third parties in order to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order. In the event that the AsMA is legally required to disclose your personal information to a third party, the AsMA will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.
External relationships
The AsMA has agreements with other organizations that offer products and services through the AsMA Web sites or affiliate agreements. When the user interacts with these organizations, different rules and privacy policies may apply. The AsMA does not control the collection or use of information provided under these circumstances.
Children under 13
We do not knowingly solicit data online from or market online to children under the age of 13.
No guarantee
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. AsMA cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Email messages sent to or from a website may not be secure. Confidential information should not be sent by e-mail. Site visitors sending e-mail understand that a third party may intercept e-mail messages.
Click here to learn how the AsMA website uses cookies
For privacy questions or concerns about the AsMA Web site, please contact rtrigg@asma.org.
Modified with permission from the American Academy of Family Physicians. All rights reserved.
Aerospace Medical Association
Copyright ©2020 Aerospace Medical Association, All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Copyright and Permissions
Site map
Contact
GDPR Statement
About Our Cookies
320 South Henry Street
Alexandria, VA 22314-3579
Phone: (703) 739-2240
Fax: (703) 739-9652
Connect