http://www.wregional.com/main/privacy-statement.aspx
Coronavirus (COVID-19) FAQs: Click here
Online Screening: Click here
Screening Hotline: 479.463.2055
COVID-19 Urgent Need: How the Community Can Help: Click here
Home
Medical Center
Career Opportunities
DAISY Award
Discharge Education
Email a Patient
Emergency Department
Financial Assistance
Helpful Phone Numbers
ICU/CCU
Living Will/Advance Directive Form
Make a Payment Online
Maps & Directions
Medical Center Billing
Medical Records Release Form
Medicare Resources
Nearby Hotel Accommodations
Patient Guide
Patient Medication Form
Pricing Transparency
Volunteer Opportunities
For Patients/Visitors
For Family & Visitors
For Patients
Interpreters Available at No Charge
Notice of Nondiscrimination
Online Bill Pay
Washington Regional COVID-19 Safety Measures
Comprehensive Care
For Health Professionals
Employment Opportunities
Health Partners
Physician Opportunities
Nursing Opportunities
Medical Staff Services
Services
55PLUS Program
American Heart Association Classes
Cancer Support Home
Cardiac Rehabilitation
Center for Exercise
Clinical Research
Diabetes Education
Dialysis
Emergency Department
Faith In Action
Heart Health
Home Health
Hospice
Hospital Medicine
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy
Imaging
IV Infusion
Laboratory Services
Nutrition Counseling
Outpatient Therapy Services
PACE of the Ozarks
Palliative & Supportive Care
Pastoral Care
Pulmonary Rehabilitation
Senior Health
Sleep Disorders
Trauma Center
Women's Health
Clinics/Facilities
Primary Care Clinics
Eureka Springs
Farmington
Fayetteville
Harrison
Lincoln
Springdale
Urgent Care
Bentonville
Fayetteville
Harrison
Rogers
Springdale
Integrative Medicine
Integrative Gynecology Clinic
Internal Medicine Associates
Specialty Clinics
Balance Disorders Clinic
Brain and Spine Surgery Clinic
Cardiovascular Clinic
Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgery
Conservative Spine Clinic
Endocrinology Clinic
General Surgery Clinic
Gynecologic Oncology
Harrison Cardiology Clinic
HerHealth Clinic
Imaging Clinic
Interventional Neuroradiology Clinic
Interventional Pain Management Clinic
Memory Disorders Clinic
Movement Disorders Clinic
Neurology Clinic
Ozark Urology
Renal Specialists of NWA
Rheumatology Clinic
Sleep Medicine Clinic
Total Spine Physical Therapy
Wound Care Clinic
Institutes
J.B. Hunt Transport Services
Neuroscience Institute
Walker Heart Institute
Facilities
Cancer Support Home
Center for Exercise
Center for Sleep Disorders
Dialysis Centers of NWA
William L. Bradley
Medical Plaza
North Hills Surgery Center
Pat Walker Center for Seniors
Springdale Center for Health
Willard Walker Hospice Home
Women and Infants Center
About
Report to the Community
Board of Directors
Community Health Needs Assessment
Comprehensive Care
Contact Us
Corporate Compliance
History
Leadership Team
Message from the CEO
Mission, Vision, and Values
Press Releases
Quality and Recognition
Washington Regional Medical Foundation
Home / Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This web site, wregional.com, is owned and operated by Washington Regional Medical System (referred to as WRMS). This privacy policy applies only to this site. Within this site you may see links to other web sites. These sites are not owned or operated by WRMS and this policy does not cover those linked web sites. You are solely responsible for any contact you have with those web sites.
The following explains how we handle the information we learn from you when you visit the WRMS web site (www.wregional.com). The type of information we receive from you depends on what you do in the site and which pages you view during your visit.
Web Server
Our web server collects and stores the following general, non-personally identifiable information about you:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, if you are connecting from a Microsoft Network account)
The IP address of your computer
The date and time you access our web site
The pages you visit
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to us
The name and release number of web browser software you are using
The key words and search engines that led you to our site
This information is automatically collected and does not allow us to identify you, access your email, or access your username. The information is combined and used to help us improve our web site and make it more useful to you. We do not use cookies to gather information.
Online Forms & Email Communication
We do not obtain personal information (for example, name, address, email addresses, phone numbers, etc.) about you when you visit the WRMS web site unless you choose voluntarily to provide such information to us.
If you identify yourself either by sending WRMS an email, by using the "Email Us" at the bottom of each page on the WRMS web site or by registering to receive information from us or for various events, then there are a few things you should know.
Various people at WRMS may see the information that you submit.
Your information may be entered into our electronic database in order to share it with our physicians; other care professionals, researchers, or Internet services staff.
In other limited situations, including requests from legal authorities, we may be required by law to disclose information that you submit.
We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of electronic mail (e-mail) and other Internet communications. You should be aware that e-mail and other Internet communications channels are not secure and might be intercepted by third parties. If the information you want to send to us is sensitive, or includes information regarding your diagnosis or medical history, then you should send it by postal mail instead.
We will not sell, lease, transfer, share or otherwise allow access to your personal information to any outside parties except as we have explained in this policy or as we tell you at the time you provide the information.
We may use, sell, or otherwise share with others, aggregated data (which does not identify you) and other details regarding our site's usage and traffic patterns.
If you do not agree with how we will use and disclose your personal information, do not provide any personal information to this site.
Security
WRMS has implemented security measures to protect the privacy of your information. However, there are no systems that are 100% secure or error-free. Therefore, we do not guarantee the security or accuracy of the information we gather. Our private network is protected by a firewall.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy policy at any time. If we do change the privacy policy, the new policy will be posted here, indicating the date it was changed. All personal information that we collect after we post the new policy will be used or disclosed as explained in the new policy. We will not use or disclose the personal information that you provided before the new policy was posted in a different way without first getting your consent. If you do not give us your consent, we will handle your personal information as you instruct us. You should check this policy often and before you provide any personal information to us via this web site.
Your continued use of this site constitutes your agreement to the privacy policy.
This policy was last reviewed on 08/19/09.
Contacting this Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can e-mail us or send postal mail to the following address:
Wregional.com
Washington Regional
3215 N. North Hills Blvd.
Fayetteville, Arkansas 72703
ATTN: Corporate Compliance Officer
479-463-7641
479-463-7640
Loading...