https://www.smiletrain.org/about/privacy-policy
Donate
Smile Train Privacy Policy
Smile Train Privacy Policy
Smile Train has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website located at the URL www.smiletrain.org. Information concerning information we gather from children is addressed in our Privacy Policy for Children under the Age of 13.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Smile Train reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of;
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control;
and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Smile Train by sending an email to info@smiletrain.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information:
We collect two types of information, Standard Web server traffic pattern information, and information collected through our registration forms. Standard web server traffic pattern information is comprised of general traffic, site usage, and length of stay information which is collected and stored in log files. This type of information is shared externally, if at all, only on an aggregated basis.
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We use this information to contact you should there be a question about your donation and we also use this information to personalize communications to you to keep you informed about our programs and progress. From time to time, Smile Train allows other worthy organizations to mail to our donors. We carefully screen these organizations and only permit mailings from those whose services may be of interest to our supporters. If you do not wish to receive these mailings, or if you would like to change the frequency or types of communications you receive from us, simply write to us at Smile Train PO Box 96231 Washington, DC 20090-6231 or call 1-800-932-9541 and we will be pleased to respect your wishes. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
To protect our website from spam and abuse, while letting real people pass through with ease, Smile Train utilizes reCAPTCHA.  This third party software collects information about users for security reasons – information collected by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Google Privacy Policy.
Automated Clearing House (ACH) Donations on our Website:
Smile Train uses Plaid Technologies, Inc ("Plaid") to gather End User's data from financial institutions. By using our service, you grant Smile Train and Plaid the right, power, and authority to act on your behalf to access and transmit your personal and financial information from the relevant financial institution. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Plaid in accordance with the Plaid Privacy Policy.
Internet Protocol Address:
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "Cookies":
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Websites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Website and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security:
All information provided to Smile Train is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of The Smile Train. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Websites:
Our Site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Website for which Smile Train has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Website:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:
Smile Train
info@smiletrain.org