http://www.vbsmn.org/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
About
expand
collapse
About
Our Organization
Our Services
Library
expand
collapse
Library
For Purchase
For Loan Only
EBAE
UEB
Print/Braille
Library Membership
News & Events
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Our commitment to you
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings and/or communications with you.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Access to your personal information
If you need access to your own private information, to change or delete it, please email us at vbsmn@comcast.net or by using our Contact Us Form by clicking here. Upon receiving your request, we will delete your personal information from our records.
Sharing and usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How to stop receiving or change the way you receive email from us
Please contact us and let us know what you prefer. We will respond to you request to change or stop communications with you as quickly as possible, typically within 10 days or less.
Volunteer Braille Services
BUSINESS HOURS: 9 am - 3 pm CT (M-Th)Call Us: (763) 544-2880  |  Email: vbsmn@comcast.net
1710 Douglas Drive, Suite 102, Golden Valley MN 55422