http://www.sharp.com/patient-rights-privacy/privacy-practices.cfm
Patient Rights and Privacy
Home
Patient Rights and Privacy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Privacy PracticesWe're committed to your privacy.
At Sharp, protecting your privacy is imperative. We have strict policies and procedures in place to keep your personal health information private, and every Sharp employee is educated on how to ensure that information remains confidential.
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) is a federal law that protects the privacy of your health information. As your health care provider, we are required to inform you how your health information will be used and shared, and what rights you have to access this information.
The notice below describes your privacy rights as a patient and our commitment to protecting them. You may download this PDF in English or Spanish.
Notice of Privacy PracticesNotice of Privacy Practices (Spanish)
We'll help find the doctor who's right for you.
View
doctors specializing in primary care in San Diego.
Find a primary care doctor
Dr. Patricio Guaiquil
"The Sharp Experience means the opportunity to deliver patient-centered care in an environment that fosters collaboration and utilizes the advantages of modern technology."
Dr. Tim Gurtch
"My definition of a good doctor is giving the best medical care possible and being available when the patient needs you."
Dr. Archana Laxmisan
"Delivering high-quality, patient-centered health care is my primary focus."
Dr. Adam Sacks
"My goal is to assist my patients in becoming the happiest and healthiest they can be."
Dr. Jason Spring
"The Sharp Experience represents meaningful patient care."
Dr. Merritt Matthews
"As a family practice physician I am privileged to care for every member of the family."
Dr. Wayne Kurisu
"The opportunity to improve the quality of lives makes this the best job in the world."
Dr. Sony Vo
"I believe that a patient's health is the most important concern."
Dr. Joseph Allen
"I provide a wide range of services for my patients with a great and caring staff."
Dr. Theresa Lynn
"I treat all of my patients with kindness, compassion and respect."
Dr. Alex Johnson
"The Sharp Experience means a remarkable environment dedicated to patient-centered care."
Dr. Jorge Mota
"The Sharp Experience means providing the highest standards of medical care for every patient."
Sign in
Sign In
All Categories
Advanced Care Life Support (ACLS)
Bariatric surgery
Basic Life Support (BLS)
Bereavement
Breast cancer
Cancer
Cancer support groups
Cardiac Training Center
Childbirth preparation
Chronic disease management
City of San Diego employees
City of San Diego health & wellness workshops
Congestive heart failure
Continuing education
Covered California
CPR and first aid
Embarazo y parto
En español
Financial and health care planning
Health screenings
Heart
Integrative and complementary medicine
Medicare
Men's health
Mental health
Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP)
Newborn and baby care
Nutrition
Online education programs
Orthopedics
Pain management
Parenting and child development
Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS)
Pregnancy and childbirth
Prenatal hospital tours
Seniors and aging
Sharp Chula Vista employees
Sharp Coronado employees
Sharp employee education
Sharp employee online education
Sharp Grossmont employees
Sharp Metro employees
Sharp-Rees Stealy employees
Smoking cessation
Stress management
Stroke
Weight management
Wellness
Women's care
View category descriptions
Contact Sharp HealthCare
Call us
1-800-827-4277
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
For medical or psychiatric emergencies, call 911 immediately.
Email us
Please do not use this form to convey personal or medical information.
I need help with
General/other
Billing
Careers
Classes
Hospital care
FollowMyHealth
Sharp HealthCare number or account number
How would you like to be contacted?
Email
Phone
Choose a hospital
Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center
Sharp Coronado Hospital
Sharp Grossmont Hospital
Sharp Mary Birch
Sharp McDonald Center
Sharp Memorial Hospital
Sharp Mesa Vista Hospital
First name
Last name
Date of birth
Month
Day
Year
Street address
ZIP code
Email
Phone
Optional
May we leave a message at this number?
Message
Please check the box proving that you are not a robot.
Find other numbers
View our phone directory
What's This?
These important numbers are located on your billing statement.
Find your SharpCare account number
What's GDPR?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) governs the processing of personal information gathered from individuals while they are in the European Union (EU) and parts of the EEA (European Economic Area, which currently includes Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norway).
We are sorry, but we are unable to process your price estimate if you live or are travelling within the EU or affiliated nations.
What's This?
Many surgery and procedure names sound similar. If possible, please provide the current procedure terminology (CPT) code, which can be found on the order from your doctor.
If you cannot provide the CPT code, please contact your doctor's office for the CPT or a detailed description of services.