https://www.drroche.com/patients/office-policies/
Schedule A Consultation
43494 Woodward Ave, Suite 101
Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Call: 248-338-1110
Text Only: 248-215-2927
Home
About Us
Meet Dr. Roche
Reviews
FAQ
Cosmetic Surgery vs Plastic Surgery
Patients
Consultation
Paperwork
Affordable Payment Plan Options
Office Policies
Special Offers
Leave a Review
Body
Face and Neck
More Services
Connect With Us
Blogs
Events
Media
Leave a Review
Contact
Office Policies
Appointments and Consultations
New patients are always welcome! Scheduling is planned to allow the proper time for each service. Please be on time or several minutes early to ensure full treatment time. We ask that all appointments be guaranteed by a credit card or pre-payment. We are here to help you. Our staff will be pleased to assist you in any way possible and all efforts will be made to accommodate your schedule.
Hours
Monday – Friday 8:30 am – 4:30 pm.
Cancellations
For tattoo, and minor procedure appointments, we require 24 hours notice in the event of cancellation. The scheduled time has been held open for you with a technician standing by ready to serve you. If full notice is not provided, we will bill you for ½ the amount of services reserved. If no notice is provided, we will bill you for the entire amount of services reserved. Because of the 24 hour cancellation requirement, a credit card is required when scheduling services, even if payment will be made in cash, check or by gift certificate.
Late Arrivals
If you are late for your appointment time, your treatment will be shortened so we finish on time for the next patient. The fee for the treatment will remain the same.
Your Next Appointment
To ensure availability and timeliness of your preferred appointment, we recommend that you schedule your next visit before you leave.
Emergencies
Our office provides on-call service for emergencies, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by calling
(248) 338-1110.
Gift Certificates
Gift certificates for our services make great gifts and are valid one year from the date of purchase and are not refundable. Gift certificates are the same as cash and are not redeemable if lost or stolen.
Pre-Paid Appointments
We require 24-hour notice in the event of cancellation. If you are more than 10 minutes late, you will give up your spot and lose that treatment. No exceptions.
What to Wear
Please come ready for your appointments. Please wear comfortable, casual, quick-to-remove clothing. For some services you will be asked to wear a gown while for other services you may remain clothed. This is not the time to wear your newer, better clothing.
What to Bring
Please download and print the New Patient Form. Bring this with you to your appointment.
What You Can Expect
To have personal privacy, including privacy of personal medical information
To have the right to refuse to talk with or see anyone not officially connected with the Bloomfield Laser and Cosmetic Surgery Center.
This includes visitors or others not directly involved in providing care.
To have the use of a telephone for private conversations.
To be interviewed and examined in a setting that provides reasonable privacy in sight and sound.
To have a person of the same sex present during certain types of exams or procedures.
To remain disrobed only as long as is needed to complete the medical purpose which required disrobing.
To be asked for written consent for any filming or recording to be used for any purpose other than identification, diagnosis, and treatment.
To be asked for written consent for release of your medical record, or other personal information to third parties which is not to be used for any purpose other than as required by law for treatment, payment or healthcare operations.
Non-Discrimination Policy
Dr. Gregory C. Roche D.O, P.C. does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations. These activities include, but are not limited to, hiring and firing of staff, selection of volunteers and vendors, and provision of services. We are committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment for all members of our staff, clients, volunteers, subcontractors, vendors, and clients.
Dr. Gregory C. Roche D.O., P.C. is an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate and will take affirmative action measures to ensure against discrimination in employment, recruitment, advertisements for employment, compensation, termination, upgrading, promotions, and other conditions of employment against any employee or job applicant on the bases of race, color, gender, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression.
Patient Responsibilities
In order to provide you with the best care, we ask that you:
Provide a complete, accurate and honest medical history and information including:
1. Nature of your illness
2. Past illnesses, hospitalizations, changes in health conditions prior to surgery
3. Specific problems, symptoms, pain or concerns during your stay
4. Medication (prescriptions, OTC, and herbal). Including dose and frequency
5. Medication, food and environmental allergies or adverse reactions including Latex
6. Changes in your medical condition
Keep your appointment
Speak up and ask questions if you do not understand the treatment plan or your role in your treatment
Make informed decisions about your care
Follow the jointly agreed upon recommendation, advice and treatment course arranged by the healthcare team during pre-operative, operative and post-operative instructions and that you have willingly agreed to treatment
Secure someone to stay with you for 24 hours following surgery as well as driving to and from surgical appointment
Follow the Bloomfield Laser & Cosmetic Surgery Center policies about patient care and conduct to support quality care a safe environment, such as:
1. Conduct in yourself in a way that respects the rights of other patients and employees
2. Follow our smoke-free campus environment
3. Know the name of your surgeon
Provide complete, accurate, and timely information about the sources for payment for the care the surgical center provides and fulfill financial obligation to the surgical center in a timely manner
Accept and recognize responsibility for the medical results if you refuse treatment or do not follow the healthcare provider’s instruction
Inform the Bloomfield Laser & Cosmetic Surgery Center in the case of any problems following surgery
Inform his/her provider about any living will, medical power of attorney, or other directive that could affect his/her care
ATTORNEY GENERAL 24-HOUR HEALTH CARE FRAUD HOTLINE: 1-800-24-ABUSE(22873)
Bloomfield Laser and Cosmetic Surgery shall operate in a manner that does not unlawfully discriminate against people on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy) age, sexual orientation (including gender identity and expression), marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. BLCS prohibits retaliation against any person because he or she opposed or complained about discrimination in good faith, assisted in good faith in the investigation of a discrimination complaint, or participated in a discrimination charge or other proceeding under federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law.
To learn more about your options for world-class cosmetic surgery in Bloomfield Hills, contact our office to speak with a member of our informed, personable office team today.
Schedule Your Consultation Today!
* Indicates required questions
Name *
Email *
Phone *
I'm Interested In *
---EVOLVE360 Lipo/BodyTite/BodySculptingBrazilian Butt Lift/Fat Transfer to ButtocksBreastBroad Band LightDIVA Vaginal TherapyFace AestheticsFacial Surgery/FaceTite/3D FaceliftFat Transfer to FaceFat Transfer to LipsFat Transfer to BreastFat Transfer to LabiaHair RestorationHormone Replacement TherapyBotox/Dysport/Juvederm/RestylaneLaser Skin ResurfacingMale Breast AugmentationNeckTiteNose Reshapting/RhinoplastyTransgender ProceduresOther
I may want to finance my procedure and think my credit score is:
---750 and above700-749650-699550-649550 and below
Preferred method of contact:
---TextEmailPhone
Preferred appointment day/time:
---Please SelectEarly MorningMid-MorningEarly Afternoon
How can we help you?
How did you hear about us? *
---Google SearchTVRadioSocial MediaReferralPPC (Google Adwords)Other
Meet Triple Board Certified
Dr. Roche
Connect with us:
Tweets by DrGregoryRoche
Procedures
Body
Breast
Face
Quick Links
3D Animated Procedures
Financing
Blogs
Privacy Policy
Call :248-338-1110
43494 Woodward Ave, Suite 101 Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302
Email: info@drroche.com
Follow Us On: