https://www.relationshipspecialists.com/about-us/disclaimer-and-privacy-policy/
Disclaimer Statement
The information presented through this Web site is for educational purposes only. Any information provided should not be interpreted as a substitute for clinical evaluation or treatment. It is definitely not intended to provide or confirm a diagnosis, nor is any claim made as to the effectiveness of any treatment or product. Seek the advice of a licensed practitioner if you have specific problems. Users of this Web site are advised to rely on their own training, education and experience, and exercise due diligence and common sense in selecting a practitioner, product or service. The Relationship Specialists shall have no liability whatsoever for direct or indirect, special or consequential damages relating in any way to the use of information provided by The Relationship Specialists or any of its associates, or resulting from any defects of failure of this information. The Relationship Specialists are not responsible in any way for the claims made or information provided by its associates.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of
The Relationship Specialists
1453 NE Orenco Station Parkway
Hillsboro, OR 97124
503 648-4884
We can be reached via e-mail at the address below.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail (including those who request advice), the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used for internal review and to improve the content of our Web page.
We would only use your address to notify you of upcoming events or new areas on our own website. If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us at the address below and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
Search
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Blog
Therapy Information
Signup to receive our free "Top 10 Tips to a Happier Relationship".
Disclaimer and Privacy Policy
The Relationship Specialists
1453 NE Orenco Station PkwyHillsboro, OR 97124503 648-4884 (landline)
Copyright © 1992-2019
The Relationship Specialists-Counseling & Coaching in Hillsboro, OR
TagsAGREEMENTS
Anger
ATTRACTION
BLAMING
Blog
BOYS
cancer
change
COMMUNICATION
COUNSELING
DATING
death
Embarrassment
expectations
FEELINGS
FIGHT
FIGHTING
FLIGHT
FOCUS. THOUGHTS
GROWTH
HAPPY
INTERESTS
Lies
love
Lying
MEN
MONEY
PARTNER
presence
present
RELATIONSHIPS
respect
results
SKILLS
start
STUBBORN
swearing
THE ONE
therapist
therapy
Truth
writing
Don`t copy text!