http://www.amarillomed.com/privacy-policy/
AMS Home Page
About AMS
AMS Locations
Guestbook
PATIENT PORTAL
Surveys
Amarillo Medical Specialists, LLP
Tomorrow's healthcare.... today
AMS Home Page
About AMS
AMS Locations
Guestbook
PATIENT PORTAL
Surveys
Top
AMS Home Page
About AMS
AMS Locations
Guestbook
PATIENT PORTAL
Surveys
Our Specialties
Primary Care Medicine
Endocrinology / Diabetes
Women's Health / Gynecology
Nephrology
Neurology
Pulmonary Diseases
Psychiatry
Rheumatology
Shortest Wait Times
Online Appointment Booking
Services
Managing Covid 19 Manual
Televisits
Coronavirus COVID19 FAQ
COVID 19 Testing options
Patient
Portal
Privacy Policy
Ownership Page
Downloadable Content
Insurance Plans Accepted
How to interpret your lab results
New Patient Pages
Med Refills
Surveys
Mona Lisa Touch program
Navigation
Links
Login
Dr. Do's journey
Our Doctors, and Providers
Kalil Al-Nassir MD FACP FCCP
Estelle Archer, MD, FACOG
Amy Brasher FNP
Cesar Arias MD FACE
William C Biggs MD FACE
Ako D Bradford, MD, FACP
Kenny M Brantley MD PhD
Anthony De Mory, MD
Nam Do, MD FACP
Milton A Giron, MD FASN
Christopher Gulley, MD
Alan Keister MD
Tarek Naguib, MD
George Marck, MD
Kathryn McNeil MD
Susan Neese, MD
Steven Norris, MD
Carlos Plata, MD
Shilpa Saralaya, MD
Raj Saralaya, MD
Lawrence Schaeffer, MD
Janet Schwartzenberg, MD
Ryan Batson Smithee MD
Susan Wingo, MD
Melissa Aguirre-Holland, MBA, MSN, FNP-BC
Dana Davenport APRN, MSN, FNP-C
1900 Coulter Office
AMS 1900 Coulter Location
Main Office - 1215 S Coulter Street
1215 Coulter Street Location
Privacy Policy
for
Amarillo Medical Specialists, LLP Web Pages
We have two complementary privacy policies.
In-Office Medical Records Privacy & HIPAA
Our office privacy policy regarding your medical record is designed to be compliant with all applicable state and Federal laws, including HIPAA, which became effective April 13, 2003.  Please read and print a copy of our privacy policy which is located here  .  In order to preserve the formatting of this policy statement, it is in Adobe Acrobat format. If you are a patient, please contact our office if you are unable to read this format and we will be happy to mail a copy to you upon request.
The physicians at Amarillo Medical Specialists participate in the Amarillo Legacy Medical ACO Health Information Exchange (HIE). The HIE is an Amarillo based computer information system that helps healthcare providers securely share medical records. This enables authorized doctors and nurses involved in your care to quickly access the medical information they need to give you the best care. This can help in emergencies, or help avoid taking tests more than one time.
Patients are included in the HIE unless they choose to opt out. You have the right to choose not to have your health information from our providers included in the Health Information Exchange. To choose to be not included, or to choose to be included after previously opting out, you may complete this “HIE Opt-Out form” . It is also available at all our offices.
Web Site Privacy
We subscribe to the "Health on the Net" HONcode privacy guidelines.  These require us to include the following information for you.
This web site is funded by Amarillo Medical Specialists, LLP (AMS) for the exclusive use of established patients of AMS.  There are no corporate sponsors, and we do not accept any advertising fees of any kind. All links on these pages are being provided at no charge to any company or hospital. There is no other commercial or non-commercial support for these pages other than AMS.
This site does not collect any medical information from its users. No cookies are used, and no identifying information is requested.
Confidentiality of data relating to individual patients and visitors to a medical/health Web site, including their identity, is respected by this Web site. The Web site owners undertake to honor or exceed thelegal requirements of medical/health information privacy that apply in the country and state where the Web site is located.
This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Nosotros subscribimos los Principios del código HONcode. Compruébelo aquí.
Search only trustworthy HONcode health websites:
Copyright © 1997 - 2019, Amarillo Medical Specialists, LLP.
All rights reserved.