http://www.suna.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
Secondary Menu
HomeJoin / RenewCorporateJobsFor PatientsStore
Log In
SUNA knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate that you trust us to do so carefully and sensibly. SUNA has developed this statement on privacy to help SUNA Web site users understand how any personal information we collect is used.
This is the Society of Urologic Nurses & Associates Web site. By visiting the SUNA Web site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Our postal address is:
East Holly Avenue, Box 56
Pitman, NJ, 08071-0056
We can be reached via e-mail at suna@ajj.com or you can reach us by telephone at 856-256-2335
What information does SUNA collect from you?
SUNA collects the email addresses, mailing addresses, phone numbers and other contact information of those who communicate with us via email, mail and/or phone. We also collect aggregate and/or individual information on what pages visitors access or visit, information volunteered by the visitor, including but not limited to account registrations, membership applications, conference registrations, product orders, email newsletter subscriptions, contact/information requests, events, links and job submissions.
Our systems, and the systems of partners we use to fulfill services for you, may also use automated means to collect information about you, your computer or other device used to access our services. Some of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the services you have visited, sites visited before and after you use our services, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the content (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content or advertisements you have seen and/or clicked.
Cookies are used to both gather the automated data mentioned above and sometimes to provide a means of managing your experience during your visit (ensuring you are logged in and receiving the content appropriate to you). For more information about how cookies are used for advertising purposes, see https://www.youronlinechoices.com. And, to learn more about managing how and whether cookies are used while you are on the web, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
How do we use the information we collect?
The information we collect is used to:
improve the content of our Web site,
customize the content and/or layout of our site for each individual visitor
notify visitors about updates to our Web site
We also share the information with other reputable organizations to help them contact SUNA members for marketing purposes. SUNA uses the information collected from Web site visitors to market SUNA products and services.
With whom do we share your information?
Email Information
SUNA members and non-members may receive email from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by Editing your User Account or by calling, emailing, or writing us at the above contact information.
We do not make member or non-member email addresses available to any third-party sites, companies, or organizations.
Postal Information
If you supply us with your postal address, SUNA members and non-members may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services, upcoming events, promotional materials and membership information. If you are not a SUNA member, do not wish to receive such mailings, and would like to be removed from our database, please let us know by calling or writing us at the above contact information. If you are a SUNA member, we need to maintain your postal information in order to fulfill our obligation to you as a member and therefore will keep your information in our database until your membership expires.
SUNA members may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, choose to not have your information shared by Editing your User Account or by calling, emailing, or writing us at the above contact information.
We do not make non-member postal addresses available to any third-party sites, companies or organizations.
Telephone Information
SUNA members and non-members may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services, upcoming events, or to obtain your input on SUNA matters. If you are not a SUNA Member, do not wish to receive phone calls, and would like to be removed from our database, please let us know by calling or writing us at the above contact information. If you are a SUNA member we need to maintain your telephone information in order to fulfill our obligation to you as a member and are therefore will keep your information in our database until your membership expires.
We do not make member or non-member phone information available to any third-party sites, companies, or organizations.
How can you update or correct your information?
Upon request we can provide site visitors with access to information that we maintain on them. This includes unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password), transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts, and types of purchases), and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number).
If you are a SUNA member or non-member, you can access and change/correct this information by Editing your User Account or by calling, emailing, or writing us at the above contact information.
Social Media/Third Party Information
SUNA participates in a number of social media sites, including but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn. The terms of use on these sites govern the collection and/or disclosure of your information on these sites. Comments posted by individuals on SUNA social media sites do not necessarily reflect the views of SUNA or its members and SUNA is not responsible for this content. SUNA reserves the right to edit or delete posts, comments, and photos it deems inappropriate or offensive at any time without notice.
Information posted on SUNA social media sites should not be considered medical advice and should not replace a consultation with a health care professional.
In the interest of information sharing via social media sites, the SUNA Web site, and email broadcasts, SUNA may “like” a third party site, share content from a third party site, or take other actions such as follow, subscribe to, list, or favorite a third party site. These actions do not imply SUNA’s endorsement of the third party site’s page or material. When clicking on such links, you will leave the SUNA Web site and will be subject to the third party site’s terms of use.
Care has been taken to confirm the accuracy and relevance of information presented on social media sites, the SUNA Web site, and email broadcasts at the time of publication or posting. However, constant changes in information resulting from continuing research and clinical experience, reasonable differences in opinions among health care professionals, unique aspects of individual situations, and the possibility of human error require you to exercise individual judgment when making a clinical decision. SUNA is not responsible for changes and updates made to these third party sites after posting. Third party content may also be moved to a new url or removed from the site, and may not always be available. If you have concerns with any content shared or posted, please contact SUNA at suna@ajj.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated purposes not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. In the event of such changes, you will be notified with detailed information so that you may respond accordingly.
If you are a SUNA member or non-member, you may prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by Editing your User Account or by calling, emailing, or writing us at the above contact information.
Contacting SUNA about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please call, email, or write us at the above contact information.
Main menu
About UsMembershipEventsEducationUroConnectResourcesCertification
Main Menu
About UsMembershipEventsEducationUroConnectResourcesCertification
Contact Us
SUNA Headquarters
East Holly Avenue Box 56
Pitman, NJ 08071-0056
888.827.7862
suna@ajj.com
Not-for-Profit Statement
Support the SUNA Foundation
when you shop at Amazon.com
Using SUNA's Website
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Security Statement
Social Network