https://www.cincinnatieye.com/conditions-treatments/treatments/penetrating-keratoplasty/
Search for:
COVID-19 SAFETY PROTOCOL
Learn More
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
Search
Search
Contact Us
Home
About
Careers
Clinical Research
Research Volunteers for Clinical Trials
Clinical Research Team
Research Department Contact Information
Fellowship Programs
Current CEI Fellows
CEI Cornea Fellowship
CEI Glaucoma Fellowship
CEI Retina Fellowship
Introduction
Surgical Experience
Call Schedule
Rotation and Clinical Responsibilities
Salary and Benefits
Application and Interviews
Fellowship Faculty and Alumni
Testimonials
CEI Blog
CEI Doctors
Specialties
Cataract Surgery
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Diabetic Eye Care
Dry Eye Disease
Face & Eye
Glaucoma
Hearing Services
Neuro Ophthalmology
Retinal Diseases
Urgent Ophthalmology
Vision Correction Options
Patient Information
FAQs
Online Bill Pay
Financial Information
Patient Portal
Request an Appointment
HIPAA Privacy Policies
COVID-19 Safety Protocol
Referring Doctors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Telehealth Visits
Book an Appointment
Home
Corneal Diseases
/
Corneal Transplants
Corneal Transplants
Keratoplasty, or corneal transplantation, is performed when the curvature of the cornea (the transparent covering on the eye’s anterior wall) is too steep or too flat to be treated with other methods, when extensive damage has occurred due to injury or disease, or when a tumor is present.
Book an Appointment
Find A Doctor
Locations
Last Updated: October 27, 2020
Traditional keratoplasty is a procedure that removes and replaces the cornea with donor tissue. In recent years, less invasive procedures, which remove only selected portions of corneal tissue, have also been perfected.
Types of Keratoplasty Procedures
Keratoplasty is a relatively low-risk surgical procedure. It is the most common type of transplant surgery currently performed and has the highest rate of success. There are several different corneal transplant methods available to help restore vision in patients with corneal problems.
Penetrating Keratoplasty
Penetrating keratoplasty is the traditional method used for corneal transplantation where the central two-thirds of the damaged cornea is surgically removed and replaced with a healthy cornea from a human donor.
Deep Anterior Lamellar Keratoplasty
Deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty, also known as DALK, removes only the outermost layers of the cornea, while preserving the healthy, well-functioning inner layers, known as Descemet’s membrane and the endothelium. New laser technology used in a DALK procedure reduces the likelihood of scarring or irregularities in shape that might impair vision.
Endothelial Keratoplasty
Endothelial keratoplasty, of which there are several types (DSAEK, DSEK and DMEK), is a surgical procedure that removes the abnormal inner lining of the cornea, known as the endothelium. Endothelial keratoplasty requires much smaller incisions than a penetrating keratoplasty, resulting in fewer risks and a shorter recovery time.
Corneal transplants are usually performed with patients under local anesthesia. While there is some chance of graft rejection or the failure of donor tissue to attach properly to the patient’s own tissue, in the less invasive procedures, this risk is greatly reduced. In these less invasive, shorter surgeries, there is also less scarring and and a shorter recovery period.
Reasons for Keratoplasty
Conditions that may require a corneal transplantation include the following:
Corneal scarring
Keratoconus
Inherited corneal disorders, like Fuchs’ dystrophy
Infections of the eye
External tumors or pterygia
Irreversible cornea edema
Corneal ulceration, erosion, thinning, or perforation
The most common reason for performing a keratoplasty is to improve diminished vision. More rarely, the surgery is performed to treat a chronic corneal infection. In extremely rare cases, the operation is performed for cosmetic reasons, when corneal scars have affected the appearance of the eye.
Types of Keratoplasty Procedures
Keratoplasty is a relatively low-risk surgical procedure. It is the most common type of transplant surgery currently performed and has the highest rate of success. There are several different corneal transplant methods available to help restore vision in patients with corneal problems, all of which are usually performed under local anesthesia.
Penetrating Keratoplasty
Penetrating keratoplasty is the traditional method used for corneal transplantation in which the central portion of the damaged cornea is surgically removed and replaced with a healthy cornea from a human donor. While a very effective surgery for vision correction, this procedure carries greater risks of graft rejection than the partial corneal transplantations.
Deep Anterior Lamellar Keratoplasty
Deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty, also known as DALK, removes only the outermost layers of the cornea, while preserving the healthy, well-functioning inner layers, known as Descemet’s membrane and the endothelium.
Endothelial Keratoplasty
Endothelial keratoplasty, of which there are several types (DSAEK, DSEK and DMEK) is a surgical procedure that removes the abnormal inner lining of the cornea, known as the endothelium. Endothelial keratoplasty requires much smaller incisions than a penetrating keratoplasty, resulting in fewer risks and a shorter recovery time.
Keratoplasty is generally a safe and effective repair treatment. While there is some chance of graft rejection, even in the less invasive procedures, keratoplasty is generally a safe and effective repair treatment.
Schedule an Appointment
Contact us to schedule an appointment.
Contact Us
The
doctors at Cincinnati Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed the content on this site.
Call
Appointments
Search