http://www.lawpublish.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy for JLCom Publishing Co., LLC
We do not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, e.g., via e-mail or by becoming a registered user of our web site. If you do provide such information, you may opt-out or request removal at any time and your name and personally identifying information will be removed as soon as practiceable. Our web host obtains site-wide statistics, as do many web hosts, that include, e.g., how many hits and page views (total, per page, etc.), referrer URLs, total transfers by items/URLs, etc. We do regularly review these statistics to provide better service to our visitors.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Specifically, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We do not release, sell or give your information to any other company, person or organization, without your express permission. If you choose to no longer receive information on our books or newsletters, we will stop sending you such information.
This web site is not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect, use or disclose personal identifying information from, children younger than 13. There is no area of this website where personal information is collected from children younger than 13. We hereby require that any children younger than 13 do not ever send us any e-mail or any other information whatsoever for any purpose whatsoever.
Our web site contains links to many other web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other web sites.
We encourage you to be aware that when you leave our web site, you should read the privacy statements of every web site that you visit. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Thank you for your support! If you have any questions, feel free
to
John Lichtenberger, Publisher, directly.
Our Related Websites
Advertising Compliance Service
Advertising Substantiation
Green Advertising Law
Political Advertising Law
Copyright 1998-2014 JLCom Publishing Co., LLC. All Rights Reserved.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: Materials included in this Web Site are intended for general information purposes only and are not intended to provide - and do not constitute - legal or other advice. Persons who need legal or other services should contact a duly licensed professional. Inclusion of links on this Website are to Websites that are maintained by third parties over whom JLCom Publishing Co., LLC has no control. Such links do not imply endorsement of the material that is contained therein. JLCom Publishing Co., LLC makes no claims, representations, or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, or appropriateness of these Web sites or the information these websites contain. Read this disclaimer and our privacy statement before using this site.