https://www.questdiagnostics.com/home/privacy-policy/terms-conditions
Home » Terms & Conditions
Email
Print
Home
Español Social Media For Patients Physician & Hospital Laboratory Services For Companies & Organizations Privacy Do not sell my personal information Nondiscrimination Contact Our Company Site Map Search Results ashok-test 404 PBS
Terms and Conditions Welcome to QuestDiagnostics.com (the "Site"). Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this Site. By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. The provision of information and services on this Site by the owners and operators of QuestDiagnostics.com and their suppliers is subject to your agreement to the terms and conditions below.
1.  Scope of These Terms These terms of use apply to your use of our www.QuestDiagnostics.com Web site (the Site). The Site is owned and operated by Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (Quest Diagnostics), a publicly held company (NYSE: DGX). We have other Web sites that are covered by different terms of use.
2.  Disclaimer of Content This site provides information about our company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, and the products and services offered by each of them, including diagnostic health testing and services, data analysis, clinical trials capabilities, employer health management solutions, and information about various health conditions. The clinical information contained within the "Healthcare Professionals" section of our site is intended for the use of healthcare professionals. Healthcare professionals should exercise their own clinical judgment when using our content, tools or databases. If you are a patient or healthcare consumer, you should not use information found on this Site to replace a relationship with your physician or other healthcare professional and should not rely on that information as professional medical advice. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare provider concerning questions you have regarding a medical condition, and before starting, stopping or modifying any treatment or medication. In the case of a health emergency, seek immediate assistance from emergency personnel. Never delay obtaining medical advice or disregard medical advice because of something you have or have not read on this site. The information (including, without limitation, advice and recommendations) and services on this Site are intended solely as a general educational aid and are neither medical nor health care advice for any individual problem nor a substitute for medical or other professional advice and services from a qualified health care provider familiar with your medical history. Use of this Site, does not create a doctor-patient relationship. Nothing contained in this Site is intended to be used for medical diagnosis or treatment. While Quest Diagnostics attempts to keep all the information on the Site up-to-date, medical treatment and knowledge change quickly, and this Site should not be considered error-free or as a comprehensive source of all information on a particular topic. Quest Diagnostics makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the content of the Site, and assumes no responsibility for any consequences relating directly or indirectly to any action or inaction you take based upon the information and material on this Site. Your use of the Site is subject to the additional disclaimers and caveats that may appear throughout these terms and conditions and the Quest Diagnostics Site. You assume the entire risk of loss in using this Site and materials contained in the Site. Features and specifications of products or services described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain of the information about health conditions on this site is provided by third parties, including HEALTHWISE. HEALTHWISE has not reviewed and does not endorse any information, products, or services other than those clearly marked as being from HEALTHWISE.
3.  Copyright, Trademarks and other Intellectual Property Copyright, trademark, patent, and other applicable laws protect the services and materials appearing on the Site. All materials on the Site may be accessed, downloaded or printed for the noncommercial purpose of scientific or educational advancement or within the scope allowable by these terms and conditions. No other use of these materials may be made without express written permission of the operators of Quest Diagnostics. Any unauthorized use of the words or images on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statutes. The Site includes material that is derived in whole or in part from materials that are copyrighted, including the format and layout of the Site. The copyrights are owned by Quest Diagnostics, or for licensed content, the content providers. QuestDiagnostics.com is owned by Quest Diagnostics Incorporated. None of the names, trademarks, service marks and logos of Quest Diagnostics appearing on this Site may be used in any advertising or publicity, or otherwise to indicate Quest Diagnostics' sponsorship of or affiliation with any product or service without express written permission of the operators of Quest Diagnostics. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, waiver or otherwise, any license or right of use to any trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the owners and operators of QuestDiagnostics.com or the third party owner of the trademark, if any. This Site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
4.  Right to Change Terms and Conditions Quest Diagnostics may, at any time and from time to time, change these terms and conditions. Any changes to these terms and conditions will be effective immediately upon posting of the changed terms and conditions on the Site. You agree to review these terms and conditions periodically, and use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms and conditions as changed.
5.  Links to Other Sites This Site may contain third party-owned content (e.g., articles, data feeds, abstracts, etc.) and may also include hypertext links to third party-owned web sites. We provide such third party content and links as a courtesy to our users. We have no control over any third party-owned web sites or content referenced, accessed by or available on this Site and, therefore, we do not endorse, sponsor, recommend or otherwise accept any responsibility for such third party web sites or content or for the availability of such web sites. IN PARTICULAR, WE DO NOT ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF ANY ALLEGATION THAT ANY THIRD PARTY-OWNED CONTENT (WHETHER PUBLISHED ON THIS, OR ANY OTHER, WEB SITE) INFRINGES THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON OR ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF ANY INFORMATION OR OPINION CONTAINED ON SUCH THIRD PARTY WEB SITE OR CONTENT. If you link to third party sites from Quest Diagnostics, we encourage you to consult the policy statements of each site you visit.
6.  Links to This Site We welcome links to this web site. You can link your site to ours using our suggested link copy, or create your own. However, we do not wish to be linked to or from any third-party web site or link which contains:
any information that misrepresents the nature of your relationship with our organization, or incorrect facts or data about our organization; or any unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent information of any kind, including, without limitation, any content constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, provincial, national or international law, regulation which may be damaging or detrimental to the activities, operations, credibility or integrity of Quest Diagnostics or its subsidiaries; or any material or information of any kind, which promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual, could be harmful to minors, harasses or advocates harassment of another person, provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, provides instructional information about illegal activities, including, without limitation, the making or buying of illegal weapons; or any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights, or which is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights.
We reserve the right to prohibit or refuse to accept any link to the web site, including, without limitation, any link which contains or makes available any content or information of the foregoing nature, at any time.
7.  Advertising and Sponsorships We do not accept paid advertisements or sponsorships on this Site. 8.  Short Message Service If you enroll in one of our informational and health care related text message programs, you will be asked to consent expressly to do so.
Messages are only sent to persons who affirmatively opt into and consent to receiving messages.
Message frequency will vary depending on the program(s) you have opted into and how often you interact with or use each program.
Opt-out and help information for each program is listed below. By opting in, you represent that you are the account holder or customary user for the mobile telephone number you provide when enrolling.
If you change or deactivate that number, you are responsible for immediately notifying us at 866-MYQUEST (866-697-8378); press option 1, option 5, then say “Customer Service". Message and data rates may apply. Mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Participating carriers include T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint, Boost, U.S. Cellular®, MetroPCS, Virgin Mobile, and Cricket. For Quest Diagnostics (e.g. appointment reminders) You can opt out of receiving text messages at any time by sending the word STOP to 32522. For help with texting, send the word HELP to 32522 or call 866-MYQUEST (866-697-8378); press option 1, option 5, then say “Customer Service". For Employer Population Health (formerly known as Health & Wellness) You can opt out of receiving text messages at any time by sending the word STOP to 767484. For help with texting, send the word HELP to 767484 or call 855-623-9355. For ExamOne You can opt out of receiving text messages from ExamOne at any time by sending the word STOP to 23369. For help with texting, send the word HELP to 23369 or call us at 877-933-9261. For Quest HealthConnect You can opt out of receiving text messages from Quest HealthConnect at any time by sending the word STOP to 742778. For help with texting, send the word HELP to 742778 or call us at 888-242-4529. If you have opted into and are subscribed to more than one of the above programs, an opt out of one program will not opt you out of all such programs.
To update your contact preferences and opt out of all communications, please contact 866-MYQUEST (866-697-8378); press option 1, option 5, then say “Customer Service". We may suspend or terminate your receipt of messages from us at any time. We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of these messages, with or without notice to you. 9.  Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability  QUEST DIAGNOSTICS AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE INFORMATION, SERVICES AND MATERIALS CONTAINED ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ACCESS TO THIS SITE MAY BE INTERRUPTED AND INFORMATION, SERVICES AND MATERIALS MAY NOT BE ERROR-FREE. NONE OF QUEST DIAGNOSTICS, ITS SUPPLIERS OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, SERVICES AND MATERIALS CONTAINED HEREIN ASSUMES ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION, SERVICES AND MATERIALS PROVIDED ON THIS SITE; THEY ALSO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE. ALL INFORMATION, SERVICES AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THIS SITE WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED TO YOU ABSENT SUCH LIMITATIONS. PLEASE NOTE THAT SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. CHECK YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS REGARDING THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
10.  Privacy Policy Quest Diagnostics will treat as confidential all health-related information submitted by you, customers or other visitors to the Site, in accordance with Quest Diagnostics' Privacy Policy. The purpose of our privacy policy is to identify the information we collect online, the steps we take to protect it and your choices regarding how that information is used.
11.  Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quest Diagnostics and its suppliers and their respective affiliates, employees, officers, directors, agents, servants and representatives of each from any liability, loss, claim, suit, damage, and expense (including reasonable attorneys´ fees and expenses) related to (i) your violation of these terms and conditions and (ii) your posting of material to this Site.
12.  Applicable Law These terms and conditions and the resolution of any dispute related to these terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey. Any dispute between Quest Diagnostics and you related to these terms and conditions shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of New Jersey. This Web site can be accessed from the United Stated and other countries worldwide. Since the laws of each State or country may differ, you agree that the statutes and laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this site. Quest Diagnostics makes no representation that material on this site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
13.  Termination These terms and conditions are effective unless and until modified as noted above, or terminated, at any time, by Quest Diagnostics. If, in the sole discretion of Quest Diagnostics, you fail to comply with these terms and conditions, Quest Diagnostics may terminate these terms and conditions without notice and deny you access to the Site.
14.  Contact Information Quest Diagnostics Incorporated is headquartered in Secaucus, New Jersey, in the United States of America. Corporate Headquarters Quest Diagnostics Incorporated 500 Plaza Drive Secaucus, NJ 07094 1-800-222-0446 Specific questions and comments should be directed to the appropriate department via our Contact Us page. While we make every effort to respond to all emails within 1 business week, we cannot guarantee a response to every electronic communication. Top of Page