http://www.dukelasik.org/privacy/website-privacy-policy
Skip Navigation
Close Banner
COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Update
Read about the safety precautions in place throughout Duke Health to keep you safe. Please note visitor restrictions are in place.
Duke Header Image Link
Schedule with Duke MyChart
As a returning patient for this doctor, please schedule an appointment using your Duke
MyChart account.
Sign In to MyChart
Don't have a MyChart account? Sign up now
Account Help
If you have trouble logging in, have questions about how to use Duke MyChart, need more information about
your account, or need to contact customer service, please
view our FAQs.
×
Ophthalmology
Call for an Appointment
855-855-6484
Our Doctors
Conditions We Treat
Our Locations
Why Choose Duke
Home
Treatments for Adults
Duke ophthalmologists specialize in diagnosing and treating corneal disease, retinal disease, glaucoma, eye cancer, and other eye conditions. We use the most up-to-date diagnostic, medical, surgical and non-surgical methods to provide personalized treatment for your eye care needs. Our goal is to ensure you receive prompt, effective treatment at the earliest possible stage to prevent or halt the progression of blinding eye diseases.
Our Doctors
Meet our doctors, view their profiles, and select the one that’s right for you.
Find an Ophthalmologist
Conditions We Treat
Cataract Surgery
Corneal Disease Treatments
Corneal Transplant Surgery
Cosmetic Eye Surgery
Diabetic Retinopathy
Dry Eyes
Eye Cancer
Eye Movement Disorders
Glaucoma
Laser Eye Surgery
Low Vision Rehabilitation
Macular Degeneration
Optic Nerve Disorders
Retinal Detachments
Retinal Disease
Uveitis
Load More
Our Locations
Duke Health offers locations throughout the Triangle. Find one near you.
Find a Location
Why Choose Duke
Specialists for All Your Eye Care Needs
Our ophthalmologists include specialists who are expertly equipped to treat a wide range of conditions. Our experts include:
Ocular Immunologists. Specializes in immunological diseases of the eye, including autoimmune disorders
Retinal Specialists. Experts in retinal degeneration, both genetic and nongenetic.
Oculofacial Plastic Surgeons. Ophthalmologists specially trained to improve the appearance of your eyes and face and protect your vision following cancer, trauma, or congenital defects.
Ocular Oncologists. Treat eye cancer with a team of cancer experts.
RELATED BLOG ARTICLE
The Duke Eye Center Focuses on Safety
Expert Surgical Team
Our skilled eye surgeons work closely with anesthesiologists and nurses who have focused their training and experience in eye surgery. Our dedicated surgical suites are equipped with the latest technology for the best outcome.
Urgent Eye Care
Our comprehensive specialists provide treatment for urgent conditions such as ocular trauma, infections, acute visual problems, and other emergency eye care needs.
Call for an Appointment
855-855-6484
Request an Appointment Online
Vision Rehabilitation
Our low vision rehabilitation program is staffed by dedicated occupational therapists who use a variety of equipment to maximize your quality of life.  Our sports vision rehabilitation program develops customized training to enhance your visual-motor system to become as fast and accurate as it can be, which can improve your on-field performance.
Comprehensive Care
We combine specialized testing and evaluation and time with your eye doctor in one visit for your convenience to avoid multiple trips to the clinic. Our goal is to create a treatment plan tailored to your needs.
Access to Routine Eye Care
If you require vision correction, optometrists at North Carolina Eye Ear Nose and Throat perform routine eye exams to assess the health of your eyes and measure how well you see. They offer prescription glasses and contact lens fittings and prescriptions.
Compassionate, Supportive Environment
We offer patient support services, including educational materials and programs.
story text
Quote Link
location text
Respected Leaders
Duke eye doctors are well-respected leaders in ophthalmology. They serve in leadership roles for professional societies, share their expertise and research with peers around the world, and train the next generation of ophthalmologists.  Our eye doctors research and develop innovative eye imaging methods, surgical techniques, and treatments that improve patient care.
Advanced Imaging Technology
We use the most powerful imaging available such as fundus photography and optical coherence tomography (OCT) devices to take detailed pictures of your eyes. These technologies help your eye doctor diagnose your eye condition and recommend the most appropriate treatment.
Best Eye Hospital in North Carolina
Where you receive your care matters. Duke University Hospital is proud of our team and the exceptional care they provide. They are why our ophthalmology program is ranked seventh in the nation and is the highest ranked program in North Carolina, according to U.S. News & World Report for 2020–2021.
Reviewed: 03/09/2020
Back To Top