http://www.everandever.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyYour privacy matters to us and we are committed to respect and protect your privacy and your personal information. Ever&ampEver, Inc. will not rent, sell, or share personally identifiable information (PII) about you with other people or companies except for services you've requested, when we have your permission, or when we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of these terms and conditions, or as otherwise required by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific product or service.Ever&ampEver does use Google as a third-party vendors to collect non-personal information including standard internet log information and details of your behavioral patterns upon visiting our website. We do this to provide you with a better experience, identify preferences, diagnose technical problems, and analyze trends, all in the effort of continuously improving our website. Information from the cookies is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our site and guide development of other improvements to our site. We do not require that you accept cookies; however, some functionality on our web site, our product or service check-out process, and products and services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies. Google collects information regarding pages visited, actions/clicks which are taken, country, device used, operating system, browser used, etc.Please take the time to read Google’s privacy policy. If you wish to not have your information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served generic ads. Our web site also includes social media sharing features /widgets. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you visit on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features/widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our web site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Any disputes arising out of or related to usage of Ever&ampEver.com shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Louisiana.We will use your information to respond to you, process a request, or other communications regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your personal information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, unless explicitly stated. the ever&ever® story A Passion to CreateThe ever&ampever® Collection shares your passion to create with customizable bridal rings that fulfill your personal vision. You and your jeweler can easily customize each ring online, and you'll see the changes in realtime.You have a wealth of choices: 13 metal qualities, up to nine center stone shapes, and many sizes for each. And with each selection, you'll see your design transform. learn About ever&everFind a RetailerLogin / Register shop SolitaireHalo-StyleDiamond Accented3-StoneAnniversaryShop All connect with us
Copyright 2020© ever&ever® All Rights Reserved
| Privacy Policy