http://www.cforums.com/privacy-policy.html
800-377-7707
Home | Mailing List | Blog | My Account
toggle menu
All Conferences
In-Person
Online
About Us
Exhibitors
Specialties
Accreditation
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Contemporary Forums respects the
information provided by our customers. Because we gather certain types of
information when our customers communicate with
Contemporary Forums respects the information provided by our customers. Because we gather certain types of information when our customers communicate with us, we believe you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the information we capture and the use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the type of information we capture about our customers, how we use it to communicate with our customers, and how you can request to no longer receive communications from Contemporary Forums.
Information on this website is intended for educational purposes only and should not be considered medical or legal advice.
Customer Information and Use
Two primary types of information are gathered about our customers:
Professional Information includes, but is not limited to; name, address, company name, company address, phone number, fax number, and email address, as well as questions answered on survey or registration forms. Data captured during a customer's visit to the Contemporary Forums or Online CE Library website is also considered Professional Information. Professional Information may be used to send announcements regarding future educational opportunities in your specialty and be shared with organizations in your field on a restricted basis if it is believed by Contemporary Forums to be in our customer's best interest.
We will only use your email address to enhance our ability to communicate with you. In addition to receiving an immediate confirmation of any purchases or conference registration, Contemporary Forums will send a registration receipt including session/event assignments, links to conference attendance information and certificate of attendance, as well as access to our Online CE Library. Additionally, you will receive notices of future educational opportunities on your specialty and special promotional offers. Each time we send you information, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving any subsequent communications.
All email addresses are for Contemporary Forums use only.
Financial Information is payment information used for or gathered during the registration or purchase process and includes, but is not limited to, credit card numbers, financial institutions, and expiration dates. This information is not used for any purpose other than that for which it is being provided to us, and is used only to the extent necessary for processing the transaction or to facilitate future transactions.
Opting Out
Contemporary Forums will accept, implement and maintain any customer request to opt out of future email communications from Contemporary Forums or a third party to whom Contemporary Forums provided the customer's information. If you would like to opt out of email communications you are receiving from Contemporary Forums, please enter the information requested so we may thoroughly implement your request within 10 days of receipt.Security
This site utilizes a secure server to protect your financial and professional information. Secure server software is used to encrypt the information sent between your Internet browser and our Internet site. This ensures the security of your professional and financial transaction details when using the site. We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information you have given to us and may, on occasion, request proof of identity before we disclose any professional information to you.
Image Disclaimer
Please note that attendance at a Contemporary Forums’ (CF) conference constitutes an agreement by the participant to CF’s use and distribution (now and in the future) of the participant’s image. These images are for CF’s use only and may appear on CF’s website, in printed brochures, or other promotional materials.
Policy Changes
Contemporary Forums reserves the right to review and change this Policy. Policy revisions only apply to information gathered as of the effective date of the revised policy, unless we give you notice and choice as to the changes in use, in which case all information is subject to the new policy.If you have any questions or concerns regarding Contemporary Forums' Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@cforums.com.
Upcoming ConferencesView AllSwipe to scroll