https://www.hivresearchtrust.org.uk/privacy-notice/
Home
About the Trust
About the Trust
Where our Scholars come from
Where our Scholars visit
Our Trustees
Scholarships
HIV Research Trust Scholarships
Joep Lange Institute Scholarship
ViiV Healthcare Scholarships
Our Scholars
Current Scholars
Scholar Archive
Meet Our Scholars
Glasgow Scholars
Alumni
Are you eligible?
Corporate Support
FAQ
Contact Us
Join our email list
Sign up here to be kept updated via email.
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
Pauline Byakika-Kibwika, winner of the HIVRT alumni scholarship to attend the HIV Drug Therapy Congress, Glasgow, 2018.
HIV Research Trust alumni were asked to complete a survey describing how their HIVRT scholarship had impacted their professional and academic lives allowing Trustees to better understand how it affected patient outcomes in the scholar’s home setting.
The Trustees assessed all survey responses and selected Pauline to receive the above award.
Her story is summarised below.
In 2010 Pauline attended a placement at Mahidol University, Thailand to obtain clinical pharmacology analytical skills to assist her in completing her PhD.
Pauline’s PhD work contributed to the current knowledge on treatment of malaria in HIV-infected patients who are also receiving antiretroviral treatment. This work has been utilised and referenced by the World Health Organization in the current policy on treatment of malaria in HIV-infected individuals.
After completion of her PhD, she was promoted to Associate Professor and currently heads the Infectious Diseases Unit at the Department of Medicine of Makerere University College of Health Sciences, Kampala, Uganda where they care for those who are affected with HIV and opportunistic infections - more than 200 HIV-infected inpatients and over 300 outpatients are seen each month.
Pauline is also the Director of the Research Directorate at Makerere where her responsibilities include reviewing and guiding the research framework at the Department of Medicine and supervising Masters and PhD students’ research projects.
Privacy Notice
This website is owned and provided by The HIV Research Trust (known as “HIVRT”). We take the privacy of our website users and the security of their personal information very seriously. This Privacy Notice is designed to tell you how the HIVRT uses and secures personal information collected via hivresearchtrust@tht.org.uk
Information that we collect
In general, you may browse many parts of this website without providing any personal information. Unless you choose to provide us with personal information by registering for a service, we only collect standard internet log information and details of how visitors use and navigate the website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis across all visitors and is used to improve the operation of the website (see Use of Cookies below) and to understand how useful you find the information on our website. We do not use this information to attempt to identify you. If you choose to take advantage of specific services that may be available via this website, you may be required to register online. If you register to receive such services, the type of personal information we collect may include:
Contact information (such as name, address, phone number, fax, e-mail address etc)
Other personal information (such as information about your educational/professional background, affiliation or areas of specialty, as well as any other personal information that you choose to provide).
If you provide us with information about another person (e.g. a colleague), you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, that they consent to the processing of their personal data, and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out in this Privacy Notice) for which their personal data will be processed.
How we use your information
If you register to receive services via this website, in general, we will use this information to:
provide you with relevant information and updates
inform you about updated content and new information
respond to your questions or requests for information
enhance our website content based on audience profile
We will not use this information for any other purpose without notifying you.
Use of Cookies
As noted above, when you visit this website, we may collect, process and use information about you which may not personally identify you but which may be helpful for improving the operation of the site. Such information may be collected through “traffic data” and may entail the use of “cookies”, “IP Addresses” or other numeric codes used to identify your computer. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. You can delete cookies or configure your computer to reject them, although this may disable the site’s ability to manage individual sessions. To read more about the cookies we use, how we use them, and how to manage them, click here.
How we share your information
Any personal information that you choose to provide to us is shared only with HIVRT Trustees, employees and third party agents who provide services to us. Agents that we use are forbidden from using your personal information for any other purposes. Your personal information is not shared with or sold to any other third party. Please note that we may disclose any personal information as is required by law, when necessary for health or safety purposes, or when needed to protect our legal rights.
Your choices
We apply best efforts to respect your preferences about our use of your personal information. We only want to send you information if you wish to receive it. If you have elected to receive updates from the HIVRT and you subsequently wish to opt out of receiving such information, you can do so by using any “unsubscribe” feature in communications that we send to you, or by contacting us directly at the address shown below (see How to Contact Us).
Accessing your personal information
We strive to provide you with reasonable opportunities to access your personal information. You may find out what information we hold about you by making a written request to the address provided below. You may also write to us at this address to correct or update your personal information (see How to Contact Us).
Security of your personal information
Although no systems are completely secure, the HIVRT takes appropriate technical and organizational measures to help prevent misuse, loss, destruction, or damage to your personal data.
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover links within this website to other websites. We advise you to read the privacy statements on other websites that you may link to from this website.
Complaints
The HIVRT strives to maintain the highest of standards in collecting and using your personal information. If you are concerned about how we use your information, or if you have any complaints or queries, please contact us at the address shown below.
Changes to this privacy notice
We regularly review how we collect and use personal information provided by website users and may therefore update this privacy notice from time to time. This privacy notice was last updated on 01 July 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or our use of your personal information, or if you want to change or correct your personal information, please contact us at:
HIV Research Trust
314-320 Gray’s Inn Road
London
WC1X 8DP
E-mail: hivresearchtrust@tht.org.uk
TIMELINE FOR 2020 SCHOLARSHIPS
1st July 2019: Applications Open
30th Sept 2019: Applications Close
2nd December 2019: Scholarships announced
JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST
HOW TO APPLY
If you are interested in applying for a scholarship find out more below:
Guidance notes
Key documents
HOW TO APPLY
AM I ELIGIBLE TO APPLY?
The scholarships are for health care professionals in early/mid-career who are located in resource-limited settings from low-income and lower-middle-income countries working in the field of HIV infection. Read more to see if you are eligible.
FAQ
Eligibility Chart
World Bank Classification
© 2020 HIVRT. All Rights Reserved
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Site Map
Charity Details
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. Read more.No problem