http://www.right2write.co.uk/index.php/policies
OrderCompanyCareersSoftwarePoliciesGDPR PoliciesTrainingIT TrainingCoping Strategies TrainingManagement TrainingDispute ResolutionStudentsWelcomeIT TrainingTraining DeliveryOrder ProcessResourcesFAQAssessmentsDyslexia Diagnostic Assessment Dyslexia Work Based Assessment Technical Assessment Ergonomic Assessment
Support Worker
Job Design
How to Order an Assessment Advice Advice for Employers
Diagnostic & Workplace Assessments
Asperger Syndrome
Dyslexia Quick Guide Dyspraxia Visual Stress FAQsContact
Policies
Delivery, Returns & More
Privacy Policy Notice
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This notice describes the privacy policy of Right 2 Write Limited.
By visiting www.right2write.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy Notice.
Controllers of Personal Information
All personal information that may be collected by us is controlled entirely by Right 2 Write Limited, a UK limited company, registered office Clitheroe Business Centre, 105 Whalley Road, Clitheroe, BB7 1HW, United Kingdom
Information and Use of Personal Information about Customers
Right 2 Write Limited does collect information about customers. We use the information to handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us.
How secure is the Information you keep about me?
All data is kept on computer systems that are protected by passwords and firewalls. When we transmit your information we use encrypted channels for your security. When you purchase in our online shop your payment is processed through an SSL encrypted channel and handled with care.
Does Right 2 Write Limited share information it receives?
Right 2 Write Limited does not sell the information we have about you. However, on occasion we may ask your permission to pass on your contact details to one of our distributors who may contact you about Right 2 Write products and services. We will ask your permission prior to passing on your details. In any case, this transfer of information would never include information such as credit card numbers or bank details etc, which are only kept temporarily to process payment and are destroyed afterwards.
What about Computer-Viruses?
Right 2 Write Limited tests all emails and software for viruses.
What about Spyware or Malware?
Right 2 Write Limited software does not include Spyware or Malware or other software that may be considered harmful to your computer or your information. [Note that other software manufacturers may have chosen to bundle their software with Spyware for financial reasons, however we do hold such behavior to be unethical and personally reject it.]
To contact us click here.
Delivery Policy Notice
This delivery policy is for purchases from Right 2 Write Limited directly.
Right 2 Write Limited can dispatch items to virtually any address in the World. All items destined for UK addresses are dispatched by Royal Mail Registered post, Parcelforce or DHL Express. Items delivered to foreign addresses are usually delivered using Fed Ex or DHL.
When we receive your order, we aim to process it within one business day, two business days. at the most. Within the UK your item should then be delivered within two business days after it has left our premises. Please do not hesitate to contact us through our support pages if you have any questions regarding your order.
To contact us click here.
Refund Policy Notice
If you purchased the product directly from Right 2 Write Limited, please refer to the information below. If you purchased from a reseller, please approach that reseller in the first instance to discuss returns issues.
If for any reason you are unhappy with your purchase, you can return it to us in its original condition within 14 working days of the date you received the item, and we will issue a full refund for the price you paid for the item promptly, not later than 30 days after receipt. We offer this returns policy under The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000. If you purchased by download you should contact us by email or phone to request a refund. If a refund is given you should remove the software from your computer(s) and destroy any back-up CDs. Please note that we cannot accept a return if you have activated the license key and that we cannot refund the cost of packaging and delivery.
Please follow the steps below to enable us to process your refund efficiently:
1.Write to us giving the reason for the return. Please include your order number.2.If you do not have the original delivery note, please send us a note detailing the reason for return. This note should include your order number.3.In the case of a faulty product, please provide a full description of the fault in the space provided on the delivery slip.4.Wrap the item securely in its original packaging, or equivalent packaging.5. Send the package to:
Right 2 Write LimitedClitheroe Business Centre105 Whalley RoadClitheroeBB7 1HW
To contact us click here.
Terms of Business
1. DEFINITIONS
"Agreement" means these terms and conditions and (depending on the type of Training Services) (i) the Order and Right 2 Write Limited´s acceptance of the Order or (ii) the Training Request. "Order " means the purchase order sent by the client "Training Request" means an official email or letter received requesting training to be supplied. "Charges" means the charges for the Training Services set out in the order. "the Client" means the client identified in the Order. "Clause" means a clause in these terms and conditions. "the Date(s) for the Training Services" means the date(s) upon which the Training Services are to take place as set out in the response to the order. "Expenses" means expenses incurred in respect of travel and accommodation wholly and necessarily for the purposes of the Agreement as may be identified in an order. "Personal Data" means the data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data or from that data and other information and which is provided to Right 2 Write Limited by the Client.."the Trainer" means the person delivering the Training Services. "the Training Location" means the place at which the Training Services are to be provided by Right 2 Write Limited as set out in the response to order. "Training Services" means the training services set out in the Order or the Proposal.
2. TRAINING SERVICES AND LOCATION
2.1 Right 2 Write Limited shall provide the Training Services on the Date(s) for the Training Services arranged between the Trainer and the delegate and in accordance with these terms and conditions.
3. TRANSFERS, CANCELLATION AND POSTPONEMENT
3.1 If a Delegate identified in a Order or a Proposal wishes to cancel, the following fees shall be due: Days notice of cancellation / transfer prior to the commencement of the Training Services % of Charges to pay up to 42 working days 25%, 41-32 working days 50% 31-22 working days 75% 21 working days or less 100%.
3.2 A substitute delegate may be provided at no cost.
3.3 Notification of any cancellation or transfer must be made in writing to the Training Manager at Right 2 Write Limited, Clitheroe Business Centre, 105 Whalley Road, Clitheroe, BB7 1HW, United Kingdom.
4. DELEGATES
Delegates shall act reasonably throughout the training. Right 2 Write Limited may cancel training and remove themselves from the premises if a Delegate from a course, where, in the opinion of the Trainer, which shall be final, the Delegate or other persons present who are representatives of the client are behaving unreasonably.
5. CHARGES AND PAYMENT
5.1 The Charges for Training Services which are subject to an Order shall be due upon booking and shall be paid within 7 days of the date of Right 2 Write Limited's invoice.
5.2 The Charges for the Training Services which are subject to a Proposal and related Expenses shall be due upon completion of the Training Services and payable within 30 days of the date of Right 2 Write Limited's invoice.
5.3 The Client shall pay the Charges without deduction or set-off.
5.4 Sums due under this Agreement are exclusive of VAT which shall be payable by the Client.
5.5 In the event the Client fails to make payment in accordance with this Agreement, Right 2 Write Limited may:
5.5.1 charge interest at the statutory interest rate specified in the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998 and amendments thereto per month or part thereof on the unpaid sum for that period the sum remained properly due before and after any court judgment; and/or
5.5.2 by notice in writing suspend supply of the Training Services.
6. LIABILITY AND ITS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION
6.1 The Charges are determined on the basis of the limits of liability set out in these terms and conditions. The Client may, by written notice to Right 2 Write Limited, request Right 2 Write Limited to propose a higher limit of liability subject to an increase in the Charges.
6.2 Clause 6 sets out the entire liability of and exclusion thereof by Right 2 Write Limited under and/or in connection with this Agreement and in respect of breach of this Agreement or statutory duty, representations, statements or tortious act or omission including negligence.
6.3 In no event shall Right 2 Write Limited be liable for (whether direct or indirect) any loss of contracts, profits, anticipated savings, revenue, goodwill, business, loss or corruption of data or software programs, financing expenses, interruption in the use or availability of data, stoppage to other work or consequential losses, nor for any indirect losses.
6.4 Subject to Clause 6.5, Right 2 Write Limited's liability shall not exceed the Charges.
6.5 Right 2 Write Limited and the Client shall indemnify each other against damage to tangible property, whether personal or real, and death or injury to persons to the extent caused by the negligence of the other party provided that:
6.5.1 the other party is immediately notified of any claim and has full power to negotiate and settle any claims;
6.5.2 the total liability of each party to the other for damage to tangible property, whether personal or real, shall be limited to £2,000,000 in respect of each event or connected series of events and an annual aggregate of £5,000,000.
6.6 Each provision of this Clause shall survive independently.
6.7 Nothing in this Agreement shall operate to limit or exclude any liability of Right 2 Write Limited which may not be excluded and or limited by law.
6.8 Clause 6 shall apply before and after any termination of this Agreement.
7. INSURANCE
The parties shall carry public liability insurance for a minimum amount of two million pounds for each and every claim and shall provide evidence of this cover upon reasonable request.
8. ADVERTISING
8.1 Right 2 Write Limited may make reference to a Client's contract within any proposal to further Clients, provided only fundamental facts are divulged and not proprietary and confidential information.
8.2 Right 2 Write Limited may store the names of the Delegates for the purpose of advising them of the availability of further courses in the future.
9. CONFIDENTIALITY
The parties shall treat as and keep confidential all information whether of a technical, commercial or any other nature relating to the other party and shall not, during the period of this Agreement, or at any time after its termination, divulge any such information to any person not authorised by the divulging party to receive it and shall not utilize any secret or confidential knowledge or information acquired in connection with this Agreement to the detriment or prejudice of the other party or use the same for any purposes save for the purposes of this Agreement.
10. DATA PROTECTION
10.1 The Client shall ensure that it has in place all necessary consents in connection with Personal Data to allow Right 2 Write Limited at all times to perform the Training Services without infringing any third party rights. Right 2 Write Limited shall not be liable to perform the Training Services to the extent it is unable to due to a breach of this Clause.
10.2 Right 2 Write Limited warrants to the Client that it will only use the Personal Data for the purpose of carrying out its obligations hereunder and that it will ensure that all reasonable and appropriate security measures are in place to protect the Personal Data and that it will destroy or deliver up the Personal Data upon written demand from the Client, and further, that it has in all respects complied with its obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 and any amendments to or re-enactments thereof.
11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property rights, including copyright, patents and design arising in connection with this Agreement shall belong to and remain vested in Right 2 Write Limited and the Client shall execute any document necessary for this purpose.
12. WARRANTY
Right 2 Write Limited warrants that in carrying out the Training Services it has and will exercise all reasonable skill and care to be expected of an experienced professional, in such work.
13. HEALTH AND SAFETY
The parties shall comply with all applicable health and safety legislation and codes of practice.
14. TERMINATION
14.1 Either party may terminate this Agreement by written notice:
14.1.1 if the other party fails to remedy a material breach of this Agreement within 30 days of written notice identifying the breach and notifying of an intention to terminate; and/or
14.1.2 if the other party makes any voluntary arrangement with its creditors or enters into administration (whether or not pursuant to a court order) or (being an individual or firm) becomes bankrupt or (being a company) goes into liquidation or is deemed under Section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 to be unable to pay its debts or is dissolved; and/or
14.1.3 if an encumbrancer takes possession, or a receiver or administrative receiver is appointed, of any of the property or assets of the other party; and/or
14.1.4 the other party threatens to cease to carry on business.
15. RIGHTS ON TERMINATION
Accrued rights, Clauses 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 15 and 18 and rights by their nature intended to survive termination of this Agreement, shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
16. ASSIGNMENT
This Agreement is personal to the Client and may not be assigned by the Client in whole or in part.
17. FORCE MAJEURE
Neither party shall be responsible for any failure or delay in performance of its obligations under this Agreement (other than the obligation to make payments of money) due to any force majeure event including, Act of God, refusal of licence (other than as a result of any act or omission of Right 2 Write Ltd) or other Government act, fire explosion, embargo, terrorism, civil disturbance, accident, epidemics, lightning damage, electromagnetic interference, radio interference, strikes, industrial dispute, or any other cause beyond its reasonable control.
18. NON-SOLICITATION
The Client shall not during the term of this Agreement and for 6 months thereafter, entice or solicit for employment with it or any other entity any Trainer who has been engaged to provide the Training Services.
19. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement sets out the entire agreement between the parties in relation to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous arrangements, agreements and representations whether written, oral or implied between the Client and Right 2 Write Limited relating to the Training Services.
20. AGREEMENT AMENDMENTS
Any amendments to this Agreement shall be in writing.
21. EFFECTIVENESS
This Agreement shall be effective upon Right 2 Write Limited receiving an official purchase order, or headed request for training.
22. THIRD PARTIES
Third parties have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or any amendment to or re-enactment of it to enforce any provision of this Agreement.
23. LAW
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have sole jurisdiction.
To contact us click here.
Equality and Diversity Policy
It is the policy of Right 2 Write Limited to treat all employees and job applicants fairly and equally regardless of their sex, sexual orientation, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, age, disability, or union membership status. Furthermore, Right 2 Write Limited will ensure that no requirement or condition will be imposed without justification which could disadvantage individuals purely on any of the above grounds.
The policy applies to recruitment and selection, terms and conditions of employment (including pay, promotion, training and transfer, and every other aspect of employment).
Right 2 Write Limited will regularly review its procedures and selection criteria to ensure that individuals are selected, promoted and otherwise treated according to their relevant individual abilities and merits.
The Company is committed to the implementation of this policy and to a programme of action to ensure that the policy is, and continues to be, fully effective. The overall responsibility for the policy lies with the Company Directors.
However, all staff are required to comply with the policy and to act in accordance with its objectives so as to remove any barriers to equal opportunity. Any act of discrimination by employees or any failure to comply with the terms of the policy will result in disciplinary action.
Complaints Policy
Please click here to download our complaints policy.
Print
Email
Right 2 Write has unparalleled expertise in enabling people with hidden disabilities to overcome barriers in their workplace, and focuses on advising appropriate and cost effective adjustments.