http://www.raconline.org/other/privacy
Skip to main content
Menu
Search
Online Library
Funding & Opportunities
News
Calendar of Events
Organizations
Resources
Topics & States
Topic Guides
State Guides
Rural Data Visualizations
Rural Data Explorer
Chart Gallery
Maps
Case Studies & Conversations
Rural Health Models & Innovations
Rural Monitor
Rural Health Philanthropy
RHIhub Webinars
RHIhub Videos
RHIhub Twitter Chats
Tools for Success
Am I Rural?
Evidence-based Toolkits
Healthcare Surge Readiness
Economic Impact Analysis Tool
Community Health Gateway
Sustainability Planning Tools
Testing New Approaches
Rural Health IT Curriculum Resources
Care Management Reimbursement
Search
Privacy Policy
The Rural Health Information Hub (RHIhub) provides this website as a public service. RHIhub does not collect
personal information about you when you visit this website, other than automatically collected information and
any information you choose to provide.
Automatically Collected Information
When you browse through the Rural Health Information Hub website, read pages, or download information, we will
gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you
personally. We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the
number of visitors to our site, the types of technology our visitors use, and potential areas for website
improvement. This data is collected and analyzed using Google
Analytics.
Personally Provided Information
You do not have to provide any personal information to visit the RHIhub website.
If you choose to provide RHIhub with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form with
your personal information and submitting it through this website, RHIhub staff will use that information to
respond to your message and provide you with the information or material that you request. Any personally
identifiable information provided will be stored in a database. This information will be used solely for the
purpose of improving the efforts of the Rural Health Information Hub and keeping all users, both past and present,
abreast of rural issues.
Disclosure
RHIhub does not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Links to Other Sites
The RHIhub site links to other websites sites that provide information about rural health. Once you link to
another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. The RHIhub site also provides email
addresses for certain contacts outside of the RHIhub office. Correspondence sent to email addresses outside of
ruralhealthinfo.org is subject to the privacy policy of the contact's organization.
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, RHIhub uses software
programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise
cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant
to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to
help identify an individual.