http://www.mckennan.org/patients-visitors/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
I want to...
Find COVID-19 Resources
Pay My Bill
Request My Medical Records
Send a Greeting
Request a Prayer
Donate to Avera
Find a Job
Main Navigation
Health Services
Find a Doctor
Find a Location
Patients & Visitors
Find a Health Plan
For Health Care Professionals
Urgent, Evening & Weekend Care
Depending on COVID-19 spread, visitation may not be allowed at Avera locations. Please check with the facility before visiting.Use this COVID-19 resource if you have symptoms or have been exposed. View a list of clinic and facility closures.
You are here:
Home > Find a Location > Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center
Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center
Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center
As the flagship facility of the Avera Health System, Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center delivers comprehensive health care and extensive medical specialty services to residents of South Dakota, North Dakota, Minnesota, Nebraska and Iowa.
Contact Avera McKennan
Find out more about nationally recognized, top-quality, personalized health care for yourself and your family. Contact us online or call Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center in Sioux Falls, SD, at 605-322-8000.
Contact Us Online
Innovative Health Services Close to Home
No matter where you live in the Upper Midwest, you and your doctor can rely on Avera McKennan for the same top-quality health services you'd find at major medical centers and regional referral facilities.
Get fast access to a wide range of specialists at Avera McKennan through our innovative eCARE™ telemedicine services, available at more than 300 Avera clinics and doctor offices across the region.
In the Sioux Falls area, you can visit the hospital or one of our affiliated primary care clinics, physician offices or walk-in/urgent care locations. Also learn about the largest building project in Sioux Falls history, Avera on Louise, an innovative new health campus coming in 2020.
Advanced Technology & Expert Care
When you face a health challenge or life with a chronic condition, you want the best possible care for your situation. Trust Avera McKennan for an extensive array of advanced technology and services, including:
Accredited Chest Pain Center with PCI
Accredited Chest Pain Center with PCI - Available at Avera Heart Hospital, the first in South Dakota to receive this national designation from the Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care (SCPC)
Accredited inpatient rehabilitation department
Accredited inpatient rehabilitation department – Comprehensive care led by board-certified physiatrists to help patients regain as much mobility, speech, life skills and independence as possible. Advanced treatment technologies include:
AlterG Bionic Leg™ to increase mobility and strength
Balance and Dizziness Clinic to improve balance
Functional electrical stimulation upper and lower extremity cycles to restore functionality after a spinal cord injury
Johnson Aquatic Center for hydrotherapy
Solo-Step™, Inc., balance and gait system to provide stability and protection during rehabilitation
VitalStim® Therapy for dysphagia and swallowing treatment
Patients also benefit from our innovative therapeutic area which includes an Easy Street™, car and apartment to simulate every day activities.
Call 605-322-2170 for more information, physician referrals or to schedule a tour.
CARF Accredited
We are accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF) for our in-patient rehab program, and we are also the only CARF-accredited program in the region for behavioral pain management, work specific rehab and level I brain injury program.
Download our rankings for rehabilitation inpatients served or rehabilitation inpatients discharged.
Advanced imaging, diagnostic and treatment technology
Advanced imaging, diagnostic and treatment technology - Includes everything from high-performance CT, MRI and other digital imaging services to interventional radiology, interventional cardiology, precision brain surgery with Gamma Knife®, noninvasive bariatric surgery procedures and more
Careflight emergency air transport
Careflight emergency air transport - Rapid transport by air ambulance, equipped with the latest in life-saving technology and expert trauma teams
Genomic medicine
Genomic medicine - Analyzes individual genetic responses to potential drug interactions and delivers personalized pain management for every inpatient surgical procedure
Level IIIB Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU)
Level IIIB Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) - Individualized care for newborns who arrive prematurely or with health issues that need increased attention
Primary Stroke Center
Primary Stroke Center - Advanced certification from The Joint Commission, the nation's largest health care accrediting agency
Verified Level II Trauma Center
Verified Level II Trauma Center - Designated by the American College of Surgeons for comprehensive response to emergencies, from initial injury through critical care and rehabilitation
Top-Rated Care
Across the Avera Health System, including Avera McKennan, you benefit from evidence-based care, a strong focus on your safety and comfort while you stay with us, and the best possible outcomes for your particular situation.
In addition, you're assured of outstanding care from the experts at Avera McKennan because the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) shows we meet or exceed national standards on quality measures related to heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, surgical care, emergency care and stroke care.
You'll also appreciate the professional, compassionate nursing care you receive at Avera McKennan, which is recognized as a Magnet® program hospital for excellence in nursing services.
Online Bill Payment
You can pay your hospital bill online using Mastercard, Discover or Visa, through a secure payment form.
If you have questions or need to speak with hospital billing, please call the Avera McKennan Business Office at 605-322-6400. Business Office hours are 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Financial Assistance
Avera has financial assistance if you meet certain requirements and are unable to pay your bill.
Get an Estimate
Our price estimate tool will help you plan for upcoming health services.
Visiting Hours & Patient Information
Because families and caregiver networks play an important role in your health and recover, be sure to encourage them to visit while you stay with us. Review visiting hours and policies at Avera McKennan, as well as:
Maps & parking
Lodging and accommodations, including Walsh Family Village
Stores at Avera McKennan
Find out how to prepare for your hospital visit or how to prepare for your child's hospital visit at Avera McKennan. Take advantage of our spiritual care services, and get details on becoming a patient by downloading our patient Handbook [PDF] in English or en Español.
Excellent Career & Volunteer Opportunities
Join Avera, the Upper Midwest's health care leader, for an inspiring and exciting career. Search the possibilities below:
All Avera jobs
Physician practice openings
Professional medical education
Avera also offers many classes for health care professionals and other opportunities for health care professionals, including programs for pharmacy residency, radiologic technology and emergency medical services.
Volunteer at Avera McKennan
Put your talents, interests and skills to work by volunteering at Avera McKennan. You can make a difference by serving in the hospital, in our clinics or hospice, at Avera Prince of Peace senior living center and in the Sioux Falls community.
Find Classes & Events
Check out health-related classes and events at Avera McKennan. Find support groups, health screenings or programs in your neighborhood.
Discover Avera McKennan
More than a century ago, Helen Gale McKennan dreamed of creating a community hospital to serve and benefit humanity. Through affiliations with the Sisters of the Presentation and Benedictine Orders, her dream became reality - and resulted in Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center, which continues to grow as part of the region-leading Avera Health System. Discover more about Avera McKennan, including:
Art programs and displays at Avera McKennan
Awards and accreditations
Community needs assessment and implementation plan
Notice Informing Individuals About Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements (Section 1557)
Facilities, such as the Prairie Center and senior living community at Avera Prince of Peace
History of Avera McKennan
Privacy and policies
Virtual tours
Avera McKennan Foundation
Help provide top-quality health care to Avera patients, families and communities, regardless of anyone's ability to pay. Your gift changes lives and supports our healing ministry. Read more about the Avera McKennan Foundation.
As a recipient of Federal financial assistance, Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center does not exclude, deny benefits to, or otherwise discriminate against any person on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability, or age in admission to, participation in, or receipt of the services and benefits under any of its programs and activities, whether carried out by Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center or through a contractor or any other entity with which programs or activities are arranged.
This statement is in accordance with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination Act of 1975, and Regulations of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services issued pursuant to these statutes of the Title 45 Code of Federal Regulations Part 80, 84, and 91.
Avera McKennan Hospital & University Health Center
Avera McKennan Patients and Visitors
Volunteer at Avera McKennan
About Avera McKennan
Contact Avera McKennan
Art at Avera McKennan
Avera Children's Hospital
Avera McKennan Inpatient Rehab
Avera is a health ministry rooted in the Gospel. Our mission is to make a positive impact in the lives and health of persons and communities by providing quality services guided by Christian values.
Support Avera
About Avera Health
Community Partnership Benefit
Annual Report
News & Media
Innovation & Research
Sign up for eNews
Sign up for Daily Reflections
Staff & Partners
Privacy Policy
Contact
© 2020 Avera Health, Sioux Falls, SD. All Rights Reserved.