https://www.cincinnatieye.com/conditions-treatments/conditions/ptosis/
Search for:
COVID-19 SAFETY PROTOCOL
Learn More
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
866-506-8525
513-984-5133
Search
Search
Contact Us
Home
About
Careers
Clinical Research
Research Volunteers for Clinical Trials
Clinical Research Team
Research Department Contact Information
Fellowship Programs
Current CEI Fellows
CEI Cornea Fellowship
CEI Glaucoma Fellowship
CEI Retina Fellowship
Introduction
Surgical Experience
Call Schedule
Rotation and Clinical Responsibilities
Salary and Benefits
Application and Interviews
Fellowship Faculty and Alumni
Testimonials
CEI Blog
CEI Doctors
Specialties
Cataract Surgery
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Diabetic Eye Care
Dry Eye Disease
Face & Eye
Glaucoma
Hearing Services
Neuro Ophthalmology
Retinal Diseases
Urgent Ophthalmology
Vision Correction Options
Patient Information
FAQs
Online Bill Pay
Financial Information
Patient Portal
Request an Appointment
HIPAA Privacy Policies
COVID-19 Safety Protocol
Referring Doctors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Our Locations
Telehealth Visits
Book an Appointment
Home
Face & Eye Aesthetic Center
/
Ptosis
Ptosis
Ptosis is the drooping of the upper eyelid. While Ptosis is usually the result of aging, some people develop Ptosis after eye surgery or an injury, and sometimes the condition is congenital. Because Ptosis may be present due to serious causes, patients with this disorder should be checked by a medical professional to determine whether treatment is necessary, and if so, what kind.
Call Now
Book an Appointment
Find A Doctor
Locations
Last Updated: November 4, 2020
What Are the Causes of Ptosis?
Typically, Ptosis results from a weakening in the muscle responsible for raising the eyelid or from damage to the nerves that control the muscle. In some cases, Ptosis may simply be caused by loose skin on the upper eyelid. Sometimes, however, the reason for Ptosis is more troubling. In addition to the possibility of the disorder occurring as a congenital condition, or as a consequence of an injury or surgery, Ptosis may be caused by:
Migraine headache
Growth in the eyelid, such as a stye
Bell’s palsy
Diabetes
Stroke
Myasthenia gravis
Horner syndrome
Benign or malignant tumor
In rare instances, Ptosis can occur due to a brain tumor or other malignancy that affects the reactions of muscles or nerves.
What Are the Symptoms of Ptosis?
Ptosis presents as the drooping of one or both eyelids and perhaps one or more of the following symptoms:
Increased tear production
Difficulty blinking or closing the eye
Reduced vision (with severe drooping)
Since Ptosis caused by aging is usually gradual, a sudden onset of symptoms is a greater cause for concern.
Real Patient Reviews
I absolutely love the doctors and staff at CEI. They’re pleasant, informative and helpful. The Dr’s are extremely thorough and always explain the process. I always feel so comfortable when I’m there. I recommend them to everyone.
-Jacqueline W.
How is Ptosis Diagnosed?
Ptosis is typically diagnosed by an ophthalmologist, who can also frequently determine the cause of the problem. In order to perform a comprehensive eye examination, the doctor may test visual acuity, perform visual field testing, a slit-lamp examination, and, possibly, a tension test for myasthenia gravis.
If there is a suspicion of an underlying systemic disease, the patient will be referred to an internist or other physicians for further investigation.
How is Ptosis Treated?
Patients may seek treatment for droopy eyelids for cosmetic or medical purposes. Severe drooping may obstruct vision as the eyelid gradually droops lower and lower, eventually covering the eye. If Ptosis interferes with a patient’s vision, a blepharoplasty will be performed to eliminate the drooping. Many young patients with mild to moderate Ptosis should be examined regularly to check for other vision problems including amblyopia, refractive errors and muscular diseases.
Schedule a Consultation
To schedule a consultation or to learn more about Ptosis treatments, contact us today at 513-569-3223. Our practice serves Cincinnati, OH and surrounding areas.
Contact Us
The
doctors at Cincinnati Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed the content on this site.
Call
Appointments
Search