https://www.drjohnlapuma.com/privacy-policy/
Start living your best life!
Get Dr La Puma's Healthy Bites & Weekly Wows in your inbox to help you feel your best inside and out. Insights, healthy recipes and recommended household, culinary, literary, botanical and natural products to make your life easier, healthier and more fun.
Get Your 2 Free Downloadable Mini-Books When You Sign Up!
TOOLS & RESOURCES
ABOUT
READ
Back
Blog: Paging Dr. La Puma
Books, CDs and DVDs
Food FAQ
Let’s Get Social
Watch
Back
Speaker Engagements & Appearances
TV Appearances
ChefMD® Recipes on Lifetime TV
Ask Dr. La Puma on Lifetime TV
REFUEL Videos
Nature Therapy: Green Rx Videos
Get Healthy
Back
Medical Office
Nature Therapy
Chef Clinic®
REFUEL™
Back
REFUEL Press Kit
Cook
Back
Free Healthy Recipes
Store
Back
All Products
Contact
My Cart						0
Laugh. Learn. La Puma.
Search
More results...
Generic filters
Exact matches only
Filter by Custom Post Type
Privacy PolicyDr John La Puma
A Note to European Union UsersWe adhere to the United States / European Union Data Protection Safe Harbor Arrangement, which can be located at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor (the "Safe Harbor").
YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT. YOUR PERSONAL DATA MAY BE PROCESSED IN THE COUNTRY IN WHICH IT WAS COLLECTED AND IN THE UNITED STATES. UNITED STATES LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.Types of Data We CollectDrjohnlapuma.com collects Personal Data and Anonymous Data from you when you visit our site or when you send us information or communications. "Personal Data" means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. "Anonymous Data" means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below.Personal Data You Provide to UsWe collect Personal Data from you, such as your name, e-mail address, country of residence, zip code or mail code, gender, and/or birth date when you register for a membership with us or when you choose to use the various services we provide on our site. We also collect other types of Personal Data that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your health-related information, when you respond to surveys, health assessments, and questionnaires. If you provide us feedback regarding our site or services via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply.
In order to improve our services to you, we may ask you to voluntarily complete confidential surveys. We do not ask you to provide us any personally identifiable data in association with these surveys although we do associate your responses with Personal Data. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, however, simply decline to participate when asked.Personal Data Collected via TechnologyTo make our services more useful to you, we use technological means to collect Personal Data from you, including the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) you just came from, the URL you go to next, your browser type, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. We also use cookies or clear GIFs to collect Personal Data from you about your use of our site or e-mails we send you. You expressly consent to our use of cookies and clear GIFs when you use our services.
An "IP Address" is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider, your IP address probably varies from session to session. We track IP addresses solely in conjunction with session cookies to analyze our Web page flow.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a Web site. Drjohnlapuma.com uses both session cookies (which expire once you close your Web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our site. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function by changing the cookie profile on your computer’s Web browser. If you disable your cookies, however, you will not have access to certain features of our site such as "Remember My Password" or interactive quizzes. Drjohnlapuma.com does not store any Personal Data in cookies on your computer (other than the cookie itself).Personal Data That We Collect from You About OthersIf you decide to invite a friend or family member to join Drjohnlapuma.com via any other means in the future, we will collect your name and e-mail address as well as your friend’s or family member’s e-mail address in order to send this e-mail. This information is used once only and is not saved in our database. If you decide to invite a friend or family member to take a health quiz, we will collect and save the friend’s or family member’s e-mail address into our database, as we would for anyone who registers on the Drjohnlapuma.com site.Personal Data Collected by Third PartiesExcept as otherwise expressly provided in this Privacy Statement, only Drjohnlapuma.com collects Personal Data through the services provided solely by Drjohnlapuma.com; this Privacy Statement applies only to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect while you use our services.
We do not use third party advertising services to display advertisements or links on our sites. However, when you click on such advertisements or links, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party (including a third party advertising service that may provide services to an advertiser) may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you, such as the URL you just came from, the URL you go to next, your browser type, and your IP address. Our display of advertisements or links to any other company or site is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such company or site (or the contents of the site). We have no control over, we do not review, and our Privacy Statement does not apply to these other companies, sites, or content, or to any collection of data after you click on an advertisement of or link to a third party.Use of Your DataDrjohnlapuma.com uses your Personal Data to provide you with a customized Web experience and to provide services to you. Such services include calculating your Drjohnlapuma.com, processing your answers to quizzes to provide you with tailored information regarding your health, and sending electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails to you if you have requested to receive such communications from us (as described below). We also use Personal Data to notify you about updates to our services and to respond to your requests.
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to perform statistical analyses of users’ aggregate behavior so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation. Drjohnlapuma.com reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in its discretion.
If you elect to receive communications from us (as described below), we will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site(s) or the purchase of our products or services and may contain advertisements for third parties. As a benefit of becoming a member, you may receive promotional e-mail from other Drjohnlapuma.com divisions. If you would like to cease receiving these communications from us, you may unsubscribe by visiting those Web pages.Disclosure of Your Personal DataExcept as otherwise stated in this policy, we do not sell, trade, or rent the Personal Data collected from our services to third parties. However, we will share your Personal Data with third parties to charge your credit card (if authorized by you), fill your order, and deliver promotional e-mails. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by Drjohnlapuma.com. You expressly consent to the sharing of your Personal Data with our contractors and third party service providers for the sole purpose of providing services to you.
If you send a testimonial or comment to us, we may post it on our site or use it in advertising materials. We will attribute your testimonial to you by posting your first and last initial or your first name and last initial next to your testimonial on our site or advertising materials, if provided.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Drjohnlapuma.com may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Drjohnlapuma.com; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Drjohnlapuma.com or users of Drjohnlapuma.com services.
Drjohnlapuma.com is under a common control with "affiliates". We may share some or all of your Personal Data with these affiliates, in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this Privacy Statement. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement.
If you provide Drjohnlapuma.com with your mailing address, we may share your name and mailing address with our affiliates or other third-party businesses that offer goods or services that we believe may be of interest to our customers. Many customers appreciate the offerings they receive from such third parties; however, we allow you to opt out of having your Personal Data shared with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To submit such an opt-out request, please contact us through the Contact page or write to:
Drjohnlapuma.com
Attn: Mailing Address Removal
PO Box 24039
Santa Barbara CA 93121
Be sure to include your full name and address in your opt-out request to allow us to process your request.Your Choices Regarding Your Personal DataWe offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data.
When you become a member of Drjohnlapuma.com by registering on our site, we may ask if you want to receive future communications from us. You may indicate consent to receipt of these communications by checking the box located on the registration form. Should you decide to stop receiving further communications from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive, or by going to Membership. If at any time you wish to subscribe to any communications from us, you may visit Membership. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Statement.Accessing, Reviewing, and Changing Your Personal DataYou may change any of your contact information in your account online by visiting Membership. Note that we may retain changed or deleted information in our archives.Security of Your Personal DataDrjohnlapuma.com is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Drjohnlapuma.com has implemented industry-standard electronic means of protecting your Personal Data. We store Personal Data behind a computer firewall, a barrier designed to prevent outsiders from accessing our servers. We also require you to enter a password to access your account information. In addition, Drjohnlapuma.com protects your Personal Data from unauthorized physical access by storing your Personal Data in a controlled facility. Except as provided elsewhere in this Privacy Statement, Drjohnlapuma.com limits access to Personal Data in electronic databases to those persons (including employees and contractors) in Drjohnlapuma.com’s organization who have a business need for such access.
Even though Drjohnlapuma.com has taken significant steps to ensure that your Personal Data is not intercepted, accessed, used, or disclosed by unauthorized persons, you should know that Drjohnlapuma.com cannot eliminate security risks associated with Personal DataQuestions Regarding This Privacy StatementContact Information Drjohnlapuma.com welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Statement. Please e-mail us at: info@Drjohnlapuma.com.
For your information, Drjohnlapuma.com is located at:
PO Box 24039
Santa Barbara CA 93121Dispute ResolutionIf you believe that Drjohnlapuma.com has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Drjohnlapuma.com by e-mail at info@drjohnlapuma.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and Drjohnlapuma.com are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Drjohnlapuma.com will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org).Changes to This Privacy StatementWe may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your Personal Data, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our site. Any material changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective upon [the earlier of] thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Data to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Statement may affect our use of Personal Data that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Data, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us.
This Privacy Statement was last revised in December 2006.
TweetShareSharePin