https://www.cpancapa.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - American Board of Perianesthesia Nursing Certification
Facebook
Youtube
LinkedIn
Twitter
I’m Ready to Certify/Recertify
Shop
Credential Search
Home
About
History
Accreditation
Leadership
The Public’s Perspective
Contact Us
Become Certified
About Exams
CPAN® or CAPA®?
Schedules and Fees
Test Assured
Scholarship Program
Eligibility
My Certification Story
FAQ
Certification Handbook
Exam Prep
CPAN® CAPA® Apps
Practice Exams
Study References
Webinars
Question of the Week
Connect With A Coach
Recertify
Schedule & Fees
Eligibility
Retirement Program
Scholarship Program
FAQ
Application & Forms
Recertification Handbook
Nurse Leaders
Voucher Program
Recognize Your Certified Nurses
Perianesthesia Nurse Awareness Week
Certified Nurses Day
Get Involved
News & Events
Awards
Volunteer With ABPANC
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Maintaining the security of your private data and respecting your privacy rights is a priority at the American Board of Perianesthesia Nursing Certification, Inc. (herein referred to as “ABPANC”). We pledge to always fairly and legally process your data, keep it safe to the best of our abilities, and be transparent about exactly what data we collect and how we process it.
What data we collect
Through this website, ABPANC may collect the following information about you:
Your name, contact details, & any additional information you choose to submit to us through one of the forms on this website.
Your online browsing activities on www.cpancapa.org.
Your location.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing information that a web site transfers to your computing device for record-keeping purposes. A cookie cannot give us access to any information beyond what you provide us. Cookies store information about browsing behavior and consumer preferences and can be used to analyze the user experience and personal journey around our website. Most web browsers automatically accept and save cookies; consult your browser’s help documentation if you want information about altering your browser’s settings regarding cookie processing. If you disable cookies you may still view the publicly available information on our website.
Google Analytics
ABPANC uses a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of behavior patterns for visitors of our website. ABPANC does not make any attempt to correlate that usage data with a personal identity. We use this service to find out how our visitors are interacting with our website, what changes we can make to improve the browsing experience, and to evaluate the results of our marketing efforts.
Our partners
In the exercise of providing certain services to you, we may have a need to share some of your personal data with one of our trusted partners. ABPANC will only transmit your personal data to partners who share our commitment to data protection and privacy. Aside from our trusted service providers, ABPANC will not disclose or sell your personal data to any third party, unless required by law.
Links to other web sites
Our web site contains links to other web sites. On web sites that ABPANC does not control, we cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information collected, directly or indirectly. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. For questions about your privacy in relation to other sites you will need to review the privacy statement that they provide.
Updates
This policy was last updated in January of 2020. We reserve the right to make any changes and updates to the Privacy Policy without giving you notice as and when we need to. The most up to date Privacy Policy will be posted on our website and you may check it whenever you like.
Contact Us 1133 Broadway, Suite 544
New York, NY 10010
abpanc@cpancapa.org
1-347-708-7975
Connect with us Facebook
Youtube
LinkedIn
Twitter
Our Mission Assuring a certification process for perianesthesia nurses that validates the achievement of knowledge gained through professional education and experience, ultimately promoting quality patient care.
Our Vision Recognizing and respecting the unequaled excellence in the mark of the CPAN and CAPA credential, perianesthesia nurses will seek it, managers will require it, employers will support it and the public will demand it.
Visit ASPAN, for perianesthesia membership information.
ABPANC is an official partner of the PACU Manager Summit
The examination and items contained therein are protected by Federal copyright law. No part of the examination may be copied or reproduced in part or whole by any means whatsoever, including memorization.
© 2020 American Board of Perianesthesia Certification, Inc. | Privacy
Website Created by PMCJAX