http://www.ipage.com/support/helpdetail.bml?topic=domains
Knowledge Base
How can we help you?
Search or browse through the topics below to find answers.
Share
Screen
×
Screen Share Terms of Use
You have requested the assistance of a iPage employee or consultant to provide you
with technical support through remote screen sharing connection to your computer. You
understand and agree that by requesting such assistance, you will be providing a
iPage employee or consultant with access to view information contained on your
computer screen. You will be providing the employee or consultant with this access to
perform only work requested by you and to troubleshoot your issues.
The use of this screen sharing session is in accordance with these terms. By accepting the
screen share session from iPage, you are agreeing to give iPage "view only"
access to information contained on your computer screen.
Be sure to close any web browser windows with sensitive or confidential information. Should
sensitive information be shared, we advise you to reset any passwords or other sensitive
information that may have been shared upon completion of the screen share session.
iPage recommends that you remain seated at your desktop throughout the entire screen
share session. You acknowledge and agree that the screen sharing session may be cut short,
delayed, rescheduled, and/or terminated as a result of matters outside of our reasonable
control.
The screen sharing session is provided at your sole risk and iPage will not be liable
to you for any loss, costs, expenses, or damages incurred by you, including but not limited
to any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages.
By clicking "accept" below, you will be downloading and installing an applet on your
computer provided by Glance Networks Inc. that will allow iPage to perform this
service.
Close
Accept
×
Unlimited disk space
There is no cap on the disk space we provide to deliver the content of your website. As long as you are fully compliant with our Terms of Service and utilize storage for the normal operation of your iPage website, you will have access to unlimited space.
Please keep in mind that in a few cases, we have had to work with customers to reduce the number of files they are using. Typically, these file counts are in the tens of thousands, and we've been able to help our customers manage them effectively.
×
Unlimited email addresses
If your plan offers unlimited email addresses, you can create as many mailboxes (i.e., POP/IMAP accounts) as you'd like. Each individual mailbox has a storage capacity of 500MB or 10,000 email messages, whichever comes first.
×
Let's Get Started!
Create an account
Add to my existing account
×
MySQL
MySQL is most commonly used for web and embedded applications and has become a popular alternative to proprietary database systems due to its speed and reliability. iPage provides customers with MySQL database and phpMyAdmin interfaces.
MySQL is a free open source database management system; more information can be found at http://www.mysql.com.
×
Scalable
We have no set limits when it comes to bandwidth — which is the amount of traffic and data that flows between your website and the rest of the internet — and our architecture was built to support more than 99.5% of our customers' bandwidth demands.
Because we offer what is known as a shared architecture, our customers share both the hardware and the "pipes" we use to transmit data across the web, so we do monitor bandwidth to ensure optimum performance for our customers. Again, we are able to support more than 99.5% of customers with no issues at all. However, in some wonderful cases, customers become so successful that their traffic and data transfer outgrow our shared architecture. When that happens, we work with the customer to identify scalable solutions, such as our Virtual Private Servers.
×
30-day money-back guarantee
If you're not satisfied with iPage, we'll give you your money back. No questions asked. During the first 30 days, we'll refund your hosting fees in full.
Customer Satisfaction at iPageYour satisfaction is our top priority, and we're confident that you'll be pleased with our services:
how easy it is to set up a website
friendly, 24x7 phone support
SiteLock's state-of-the-art security suite
Still, if you try us and decide that iPage just isn't for you, we think you should get your money back.
What Happens to Your DomainIf you register a domain through iPage, please note there is a non-refundable $15 domain fee. This fee not only covers our own costs, but it ensures that, even if you're dissatisfied with your experience at iPage, you won't lose your domain name. You'll be free to transfer it or simply point it elsewhere.
Please note: The 30-day money-back guarantee applies to our hosting plans; it does not apply to most add-on services, such as domains, as mentioned above.
×
Free Domain Registration
Free domain registration is for qualified plans only, it is free for one year and renews at the regular rate at the end of your term. If you register a free domain through us and wish to cancel your account, there is a nonrefundable $15.00 domain fee if you would like to keep your domain. This not only covers our costs, but ensures that you won't lose your domain name. Regardless of the status of your hosting service, you'll be free to manage it, transfer it after any required lock periods, or simply point it elsewhere at your convenience. You retain ownership of your domain until the end of its registration period unless you elect to extend it.
×
Share with friends
Thank you for sharing with a friend. Help us personalize this email for you by providing the following information:
Friend's email address*
Friend's name*
Your account username*
Submit
×
Share on Twitter
Thank you for sharing on Twitter. Help us personalize your tweet by providing the following information:
Your hosting account username*
Submit
×
Referral information field
Be sure your referral enters your username or domain in the "Friend or website who referred you" field during the last step of their account setup.
×
$100 Google Ads Offer
No matter what your budget is or how little time you have, you can reach new customers and grow your business using Google Ads. See results and gain new customers in minutes!
Benefits of Ads
Effective: Show your ad to people at the precise moment they are searching for what you have to offer
Measurable: See exactly what you're getting for your money
Flexible: Change, pause or stop your ad at any time to suit your business
No Risk: You only pay when prospective customers click on your ad to get more information
To help you get started, iPage web hosting plans include a $100 bonus — when you spend $25 on Google Ads, you'll get $100 in additional advertising.
Protect Your Identity with
Domain Privacy + Protection
Stop solicitors from getting your private information from the iCANN registry. Let Domain Privacy + Protection mask your private information.
With Domain Privacy + Protection
contactprivacy.com
yourdomain@contactprivacy.com
96 Monet Ave
Toronto, ON M6K 3M1 CA
+1-854-895-6985
Without Domain Privacy + Protection
Lillian Casey
leif_schmitt@hotmail.com
23 Krajcik Meadows
South Leonie, CA 93101
854-658-6698
x
The browser version you are using is no longer supported. Please upgrade for the best site experience.
Thanks for visiting! Since you landed on this page of our website, we wanted to let you know you visited one of our paid endorsers while researching your purchase. close