http://www.vsrda.org/legal-privacy
HomeMeet the DogsOperational DogsDogs in TrainingRetired DogsVSRDA Dog MemorialsMeet the TeamK9 HandlersAssociate MembersK9 Handlers-in-TrainingAboutUnit CapabilitiesUsing Search DogsUsing Specialty SAR DogsDemonstrationsUsing Air Scent DogsFAQSearch UpdatesDonateCalendarPublic EventsSearch UpdatesTrainingIndication / AlertObedienceAgilityReadingK9 HealthVideos Training FormsTraining LinksVolunteerFAQBecome a MemberFind a K9 TeamVSRDA GlossaryVolunteer Land for UseContactFacebook
Privacy Policy
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association does not read any of your private online communications.
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association and Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association collects and uses your personal information to operate the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association and its affiliates. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association, in order to determine what Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association pages, or register with Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association site or services, a cookie helps Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Resource Menu
2014 Calendar Sponsors
TriSorts Kennels
Regional Veterinary Center: Surgery Dept.
Creature Comfort Inn
In Memoriam of Dayne Kaufmann
Pet Nutrition Center
The Companion Animal Clinic
Lake Forest Animal Hosptial
Parkway Veterinary Clinic
Colonial K-9
Lord Charlton Kennel
Mid Atlantic Rescue Systems
Atlas Vet
C & R Printing Inc
Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative
Linking Policy
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
|
VSRDA Members Area
|
Sitemap
Copyright
© 2018 Virginia Search and Rescue Dog Association . All Rights Reserved.
Site by
Skywide Design