http://www.moment-um.org/privacy-policy-and-cookies/
HOME
COMPANIES
SCHOOLS
NEWS
020 8974 5931
Donate
Fundraise
Donate
Contact us
We will only use your details to contact you regarding Momentum events and news and we will not share your details with anyone else.
Privacy policy and cookies
We at Momentum Children’s Charity respect the privacy of our visitors and are committed to preserving your online safety by preserving your privacy at any time you visit or communicate with our site.
Our Privacy Policy explains what personal data we may hold about you, how we hold it, what it is used for and how you can access it.
This Privacy Policy is updated from time to time; therefore, we recommend you review it occasionally.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits www.moment-um.org we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
How do we collect information from you?
As part of the registration process for our monthly e-newsletter, events and general enquiries we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about things you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right. We do not pass on or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter and emails. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice (https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/).
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our Data Protection Officer, Bianca Effemey (info@moment-um.org).
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. If you make a donation online or purchase a product from us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
How is your information used?
process a donation that you have made;
process orders that you have submitted;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
dealing with entries into a competition;
seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
notify you of changes to our services;
send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about campaigns, appeals and other fundraising activities.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example the collection of Gift Aid). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Links to other websites
This Privacy Policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you’ll need to check that site’s privacy statement.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our Data Protection Officer, Bianca Effemey (info@moment-um.org). You are also able to change your marketing preferences at any time by emailing Bianca Effemey or by calling 020 8974 5931. You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (we may charge £10 for information requests to cover our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold).
Data storage
Locations outside the European Economic Area may be used for transferring data we collect about you.  These data sites are for storing or processing of your information. The information we share outside the European Economic Area may be shared with staff based on the process and storage of said data.  It may include such processes as processing a payment or offering support for your service or product needs.  The staff processing or storing information may work for our suppliers outside the European Economic Area.  By submitting your data to us you have agreed to this transfer and storage of data.  We take all reasonable action to ensure the safety of your personal data in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Information we are provided with will be stored on secure servers.  Transaction data is encrypted for your safety.
You should understand data via online transmission is not completely secure.  We cannot guarantee full protection and security of data, only that we take all reasonable action to protect information sent to us electronically. Transmission of any data by you is at your own risk.  Where applicable you may be given access to sections of our site that require a password. You are responsible for the password’s safekeeping and confidentiality.
How the law applies to Momentum Children’s Charity use of personal Information
We are required under law to make sure that we have a valid ground for processing your data. The law sets out six different grounds for when personal data can be processed (plus additional ones where sensitive data is used) The four legal grounds that are most relevant to Momentum Children’s Charity use of your personal information are:
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Contract
Legal Obligation
Overview
Momentum Children’s Charity will only process your personal information if any of the following apply:
We have asked you for your express consentand have a record of this (for example, we will ask for your consent to send you marketing communications by email)
We have a legitimate interestto do so. Our use will be fair and balanced and never unduly have an impact on your rights (for example, it is in our legitimate interests to analyse the data you provide so that we can improve our services and tailor our communications to you)
We have a contractwith you which we can only fulfil by using your personal information (for example, if you purchase something from our shop)
We have a legal obligationto use or disclose information about you (for example, we are required by law to keep a record of Gift Aid declarations for six years).
Consent
In some cases we will rely on consent, for example, to send you or make marketing and fundraising emails, phone calls, postal communications and text messages.  In addition, if you register as a volunteer it can be very helpful if you share information on any medical conditions that may affect your ability to perform your voluntary work. You can withdraw consent for these channels and activities by contacting info@moment-um.org.
Legitimate Interests
This legal ground for processing means that we can process your personal information if we have a genuine and legitimate reason for doing so, and that reason is not overridden by your rights and interests as an individual.
Examples of the legitimate interests processing activities we undertake are:
To allow us to support families that need us:
Processing activities:
To assess suitability for appropriate support
To provide you with support services as a registered family
To conduct home visits to provide support needed
To raise the fundraising income to support those who need our help
Processing activities:
To process your donations and Gift Aid where you have asked us to do so
For administration purposes:
Processing activities:
To provide you with information necessary to an event you have signed up for
To provide you with information about any fundraising activities you have agreed to take part in
To follow up with you about your enquiry
To conduct research
Processing activities:
To conduct supporter satisfaction research
To invite you to take part in surveys or research to help improve our services
To conduct desk research to help identify high value supporters
To analyse data to better understand our supporters and tailor our communications to them:
Processing activities:
To analyse your data in order to better understand your preferences, to improve our services, and to tailor our marketing communications to you
To use public sources to add to our analysis
To conduct segmentation to allow us to make our marketing communications more relevant to you, and to enable us to identify potential new supporters
To recruit and manage volunteers:
Processing activities:
To assess volunteer applications and recruit volunteers
To communicate with volunteers about information that is essential to their role, and about the wider activities of Momentum Children’s Charity
To process volunteers data to effectively administer their close relationships with Momentum Children’s Charity and provide them with appropriate care and support
We have considered and balanced our legitimate interests against individuals’ privacy rights in these scenarios and we do not believe that any adversely affect the rights or interests of our families or our supporters. If you would like to find out more or ask us to stop processing your data in these ways, you can do this at any time by contacting info@moment-um.org.
Contractual relationships
In some cases, we will be under a contractual obligation to provide you with goods and services, which means that we have to process your data in order to fulfil those obligations. For example if you purchase something from our online shop.
A legal obligation
Sometimes we may have a legal obligation to process information about you – for example we are obliged to keep financial records including Gift Aid for six years.  We’re also required to keep a record of your communication preferences, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
Cookies Policy
We use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be used by third parties through our websites.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
How long are cookies stored for?
Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies used on the Website
There are instances where we may use cookies to gather information regarding our services in a mathematical collection for our website.
Any information collected will not have any identifying data. It is statistical data about our visitors and how they have used our site.  No personal details will be shared that could identify you.
We may assemble information about your common internet use with a cookie file.  When used, the cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically.  The cookie is stored on the hard drive, with transferred information.  The data sought by the cookie helps us improve our website and any service offered to you.
Your browser has the ability to decline cookies. This is done by setting your browser options to decline all cookies.  Note: if you do decline the download of cookies, some aspects of our site may not work or allow you access.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review. This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2018.
Contacting Us
Please feel free to contact us with queries, requests, or comments you may have about our Privacy Policy.  We welcome any communication via the email address supplied here: info@moment-um.org