http://www.southwindvets.com/site/privacy-policy
Search
7910 Winchester Rd,
Memphis,
TN
38125
US
901-362-8321
Facebook
Shop
Emergencies
Privacy Policy
(Last Updated 06/17/2020) Introduction PetVet Care Centers (“PetVet”, “we”, “our”, “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy outlines the categories of information, including any personally identifiable data and information, we may collect from patients, customers and visitors to our medical facilities, clinics and hospitals (collectively, “Hospitals”) and our websites or mobile interfaces or applications (collectively, “Sites”) when you visit our Hospitals and Sites for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and sharing such information. We ask that you please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how PetVet will treat such information. In connection with your access and/or use of our Sites, visit to any of our Hospitals or the procurement of services or goods from us, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection of the data and information and use practices described herein. If you do not agree with the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy, we kindly request that you exercise your choice to not use our Sites or provide information to our Hospitals. This Privacy Policy applies with respect to information we collect from:
visitors to any of our Hospitals and Sites and any other websites that link to this Privacy Policy; in-person, phone, facsimile, email, text and other mobile and electronic communications between you and us; third-party websites like Facebook, YouTube, Pinterest, Instagram, Twitter, etc.; for which we may maintain accounts or otherwise have interactions with you; and third-parties acting on our behalf or providing services to us, including through any mobile platform or content, that may link or refer to this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy is subject to recurrent updates (refer to Updates to Our Privacy Policy below) and may change from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy from time to time for any such updates. By accessing and/or using our Sites, visiting any of our Hospitals or procuring services or goods from us after we make any such updates to this Privacy Policy, you are deemed to have consented to such updates. We will notify you of material revisions to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our home page for a reasonable period of time and updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Information PetVet Collects We may collect several types of personally identifiable data and information from patients, customers and visitors to our Hospitals and Sites, including the following:
Contact and demographic information such as your name, ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, social security number, residential or office address, telephone number, email address, and other contact information. Computer hardware and software and network data and information obtained during your visit to our Sites, including your IP address, browser, domain names, operating system, device type, location data, traffic data, browsing actions, access times, usage details, websites and cookies. Information relating to your commercial or patient relationship with us, including veterinary business and/or practice information, service or goods purchase history, billing and shipping information, records and correspondences between us and you, credit or debit card, bank, PayPal, Venmo accounts or other payment options and other information with respect to goods or services procured by you from us. Information relating to your user names, password and other access credentials and any internet content you post or submit to us such as comments or photos posted to blogs, message boards, social networking platforms or other interactive forums.
Note that PetVet does not consider personal information to include any information relating to your pet, including species, breed, birthday, or treatment or visitation history. How PetVet Collects Information We may collect data and information about you from various sources and in a number of manners, including:
Directly from you when you provide it; Automatically as you use and visit our Sites; From our affiliated companies and/or Hospitals; and From third party sources. Cookies
PetVet Does Not Sell Personal Information We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any purpose. Use of Your Information by PetVet We may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us for numerous purposes, including:
To present our Sites and their contents to you for your use based on your interests and preferences and prior activities and transactions with us and other information. To notify or update you about our goods or services that you have purchased or requested or that we offer and to respond or fulfill your inquiries and requests with respect to such goods and services. To enforce our terms and conditions. To process payment for any purchases, subscriptions or sales made on our Sites and to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions. To fulfill any other legitimate business purposes in connection with our operations, including legal and regulatory requirements.
Disclosure of Your Information We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy in the following manners:
To comply with any laws, regulations, subpoenas court orders or other legal processes, including any government or regulatory inquiries or requests. With our subsidiaries, affiliates, business partners, vendors, or other agents. To fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information. At your direction or request or with your consent. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. To enforce our terms of service for the Sites or take other actions as appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of our Company, our employees, users of the Sites, or others. In connection with the evaluation, financing, and/or consummation of any merger, acquisition, or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our or our affiliates’ equity or assets to a third party.
Storage and Security of Your Personal Information We may store and process any personal information collected from you in the United States or any other country where we and our affiliates, subsidiaries or vendors maintain data repositories or facilities. Note that any personal information that is collected by us from you or provided by you as outlined in this Privacy Policy may be stored or processed outside your country and in a country that may not offer equivalent privacy protection under its laws as your country. We strive to maintain the security and confidentiality of your personal information and have installed various commercially reasonable technical and other safeguards to protect your personal information from potential intrusion. Despite these efforts, no security safeguards are 100% secure and we recommend that you also take further measures to protect yourself and your personal information, including by installing and maintaining updated anti-virus software and security programs and keeping confidential your access credentials. Visitors to Our Sites From Outside the United States Our Sites and the services and content on our Sites are targeted for users in the United States of America. Therefore, this Privacy Policy is intended to cover the collection of information with respect to visitors and users of our Site within the United States of America. By using our Sites, you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States of America which may not offer an equivalent level of protection with respect to privacy matters to that in your home country and to the collection and/or processing of your personal information by us or our vendors on servers located in the United States of America as described in this Privacy Policy. Not Intended for Minors Our Sites are not intended for minors (i.e., persons under 13 years of age) and we do not knowingly collect or store personal information from minors. However, we cannot prohibit minors from visiting the Sites and rely on parents and guardians of such minors to decide what content on our Sites (if any) is appropriate for such minors to consume. Once we are informed of the use of our Sites and/or collection of personal information of any minor, we will delete all personal information provided by any minor user to the extent that we are legally and reasonably able to do. Links to Third Party Websites Our sites may contain links to third party websites not maintained or operated by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites and encourage you to review the privacy policies of such websites in connection with your use and visit thereof. Use of Cookies We may use automatic data collection and tracking technologies, such as cookies and similar technologies, to recognize you when you visit our Sites and support your use of certain functions of our Sites and to present tailored content, including advertisements or promotions on our Sites. Opt-Out From Email or Text Communications Regardless of whether you have previously opted in, in the event you no longer wish to have your personal contact information, including e-mail and phone number, used by us to inform you of, or promote, our own, our affiliates, or third parties’ goods or services, send us an email stating your request to privacy@petvetcarecenters.com, include “Opt-Out” in the subject box and include your name and email address in the text box or opt out of receiving particular text messaging communications from us by texting the word STOP in response to any text message received. Do-Not-Track Disclosures We do not support “Do Not Track” browser settings and do not currently participate in any Do Not Track frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your personal information. Updates to this Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore, we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of any updates with respect to how we use and protect your personal information. Note that you will be bound by any updates to our Privacy Policy after such updates to our Privacy Policy have been posted. We will notify you of material updates to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on our home page for a reasonable period of time and changing the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy listed above. Contact Information To ask questions about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at privacy@petvetcarecenters.com. Visitors From California The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides our customers, patients and visitors of our Sites who are California residents with additional specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to elect to exercise those rights subject to certain exceptions as permitted by law. Right to Know and Access You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information in the twelve (12) months preceding your request. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request for such information to be disclosed, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you; The categories of sources for personal information we collected about you; The business or commercial purposes for collecting your personal information; The categories of third parties with whom your personal information is shared; The specific details of personal information we collected about you (and provide you with a copy of such personal information if requested); and The categories of personal information that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Portability You have the right to take any personal information that we have collected from you or otherwise have been provided with and move it to another third party. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request for such information to be portable, we will choose a format to provide your personal information to you in order to permit you to readily transmit the information from us to another third party, for example, by electronic mail. Right to Be Forgotten and Deletion You have the right to be forgotten by us and to request the deletion of any of your personal information that we have collected from you or otherwise been provided with. Please understand that California law permits us to retain certain information and not to delete it under certain circumstances. By way of example, we are not required to comply with a request to delete information if the information is necessary for us to complete a transaction for you or otherwise perform a contract; to detect, protect against, or prosecute security incidents, fraud or illegal activity; to use the information only internally in ways reasonably aligned with your expectations as our customer (such as maintaining sales records), and to comply with legal obligations. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete, and direct our vendors holding any of your personal information on our behalf to delete, your personal information, unless an exception applies that requires us to deny your deletion request. Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information Although the CCPA provides you with a right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, as stated above in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell any personal information to third parties for any purpose, and we do not disclose your information for other valuable consideration. If, in the future, we enter into arrangements that fall within the definition of a “sale” under the CCPA, we will update this privacy policy and our compliance with the CCPA. How to Exercise Your CCPA Rights In order to make a request for disclosure, California residents may contact us toll-free by calling 800-936-2028, or by sending us an electronic mail message to privacy@petvetcarecenters.com. We will ask you for information that allows us to reasonably verify your identity (that you are the person about whom we collected personal information) and will use that information only for that purpose. We may request that you submit a signed statement under penalty of perjury that you are the individual you claim to be. Note that only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State authorized to act as a representative on your behalf, may submit a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information and the exercise of your CCPA rights outlined herein. You are permitted to only make a verifiable consumer request related to your CCPA rights only twice within any twelve (12)-month period. Any verifiable consumer request must include the below, otherwise we will not be able to respond to your request:
Adequate information for us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or are an authorized representative; and Adequate detail with respect to which specific rights you are exercising that allows us to properly consider and respond to such request.
Using an Authorized Agent. You may submit a request through someone holding a formal Power of Attorney. Otherwise, you may submit a request using an authorized agent only if (1) the person is registered with the Secretary of State to do business in California, (2) you provide the authorized agent with signed written permission to make a request, (3) you verify directly with us that you have authorized the person to make the request on your behalf, (4) you verify your own identity directly with us, and (5) your agent provides us with proof that they are so authorized to make requests on your behalf. We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 days and will endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt; however, if we require more time (up to an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our response by mail or electronically, and such response will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. Please be aware that any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12)-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. We will not discriminate against you as a result of your exercise of any of these rights.
Happy Tails from Clients
Southwind Animal Hospital is a lifesaver! I had an emergency with one of my dogs and they worked me right in!
- Mary A.
From Our Blog
Symptoms & Treatments for Hyperthyroidism in Dogs Hyperthyroidism can pose a very serious health concern for dogs. This relatively rare condition in dogs requires early diagnosis and fast treatment in order to achieve the best possible outcome for your pup. Today our Southeast Memphis vets explain more about the symptoms, causes and treatment for hyperthyroidism in dogs.
Different Types of Seizures in Dogs If your dog experiences seizures, the severity of each seizure can vary from virtually undetectable to severe. The type of seizures your dog experiences can also differ from one event to the next. In today's post our Memphis vets explain the different types of seizures which can occur in dogs.
×
Important Information For Clients Regarding COVID-19 Virus. Click Here