http://www.wormers-direct.co.uk/cookie-policy/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click 'Ok' to hide this message.
Ok
Home
Cookie Policy
Wormers-direct trading style of Green-tech Limited Cookie Policy
1.Information about and use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access our website. We use cookies on this website to:
keep track of the items stored in your shopping basket [and take you through the checkout process];
recognise you whenever you visit this website (this speeds up your access to the website as you do not have to log in each time);
obtain information about your preferences, online movements and use of the internet;
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our content, products and services and to help us better understand our visitors’ and customers’ requirements and interests;
target our marketing and advertising campaigns [and those of our partners] more effectively by providing interest-based advertisements that are personalised to your interests; and
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
Send personalised e-mails through cookie data gained.
The information we obtain from our use of cookies will not usually contain your personal data. Although we may obtain information about your computer or other electronic device such as your IP address, your browser and/or other internet log information, this will not usually identify you personally.
In certain circumstances we may collect personal information about you—but only where you voluntarily provide it (e.g. by completing an online form) or where you purchase goods or services from us.
In most cases we will need your consent in order to use cookies on this website. The exception is where the cookie is essential in order for us to provide you with a service you have requested (e.g. to enable you to put items in your shopping basket and use our check-out process).
2.Consent— (notification on home page)
There is a notice on our home page which describes how we use cookies and which also provides a link to our website privacy policy. If you use this website after this notification has been displayed to you, we will assume that you consent to our use of cookies for the purposes described in this website cookie policy and our website privacy policy.]
3.Third-party cookies
We work with third party suppliers who may also set cookies on our website, for example Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Rare.io. These third party suppliers are responsible for the cookies they set on our site. If you want further information please go to the website for the relevant third party. You will find additional information in the table below.
4.Description of cookies
The table below provides more information about the cookies we use and why:
Name of cookie
Owner
Purpose for the cookie
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. which uses cookies to show us how visitors found and explored our site and how we can enhance their experience. It provides us with information about the behaviour of our visitors (e.g. how long they stayed on the site and the average number of pages viewed) and also tells us how many visitors we have had.
Rare,io
This is an artificial intelligence that uses cookies to track visitor behaviour. It shows how the site can be improved and on each visit it personalises and improves the site for other visitors. It also shows us visitor numbers, transaction figures, search terms and will send out email reminders to customers regarding previous purchases and time away from the site.
Social Media Pixels
This is a web analytics service provided by the social media companies, which uses cookies to show us how visitors found and explored our site and how we can enhance their experience. It provides us with information about the behaviour of our visitors (e.g. how long they stayed on the site and the average number of pages viewed) and also tells us how many visitors we have had
5.How to turn off cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the Information Commissioner’s webpage on cookies: https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/.
×
OK