http://www.goal-setting-college.com/privacy/
Home
About
Free
Contact
Sections:
Goal Setting
Success & Motivation
Inspiration & Success Stories
Tools & Resources
Archives
Browse >
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As you may already have noticed, our visitors’ privacy is of utmost importance to us.
At Goal-Setting-College.com, we do acknowledge that privacy of your personal data is crucial. Here is information on the various types of personal information we collect and receive when you use and visit Goal-Setting-College.com, and how we protect your information.
We never sell or trade your personal data to 3rd parties.
Logs
Like what most of other internet sites do, we accumulate and utilise the data contained in log files.
The data in the log files includes your IP address, your ISP (for eg, Shaw Cable or AOL), the type browser you used to check out our site (such as Firebox, Safari or Internet Explorer), the amount time you spend on our site and the pages you visited.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We also use 3rd party ads on Goal-Setting-College.com to finance our site.
Some of these premium advertisers may use technology like web beacons and cookies when they advertise on our site. That in turn provides these advertisers (such as Google via the Google AdSense program) data such as your IP address, ISP, browser type and in some cases, if you have Flash installed.
All these are generically used for geo-targeting purposes (showing Colorado real estate adverts to a person based in Colorado, for instance) or showing specific adverts based on nature of the websites visited (such as showing personal development adverts to someone who checks out self improvement websites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may utilise DART cookies for serving ads via Google’s DoubleClick, which puts a cookie on your PC when you are cruising the web and visit a website using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense ads).
This cookie is utilised to provide ads specific to you and your interests (also known as “interest based targeting”).
Such ads served will be focused based on your previous internet browsing history (For instance, if you have been checking out sites such as travelling to Las Vegas, you may find Las Vegas travel agency advertisements when viewing a non-related site, on a site about hockey).
DART makes uses of non personally identifiable information.
It does NOT keep track of personal data about yourself, such as your name, physical address, email address, social security numbers, telephone number, credit card numbers or bank account numbers.
To opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this form of advertising, go http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can either choose to selectively turn off or disable our cookies or 3rd party cookies in your browser option settings, or by managing preferences in programs like Norton Internet Security.
That said, this can affect how you are able to interact with our website as well as other sites.
Such includes the inability to login to programs or services, such as logging into accounts or forums.
Remember, removing cookies from your PC does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a website which runs the ads, a new cookie will be added.
Subscribe
Topics
General
Goal Setting Software
Goal Setting Tips
Inspirational Stories & Quotes
Motivation Advice
Resources
Self Help Books Reviews
Success Articles
Success Stories
Partners
Be A Partner!
Home ·
About ·
Free ·
Contact
·
Privacy Policy
Copyright © Goal Setting College