https://www.bradencenter.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
Terms of Service
Braden Counseling Center > Terms of Service
Welcome to the Braden Counseling Center Web Site
Braden Counseling Center provides their services to you subject to the following notices, terms, and conditions.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our web site may link to sites not maintained or related to Braden Counseling Center. We provide these links as a service to our users. We do not sponsor or endorse these other sites and we have not reviewed the other sites. We are not responsible for the content of any other sites. You may access those other sites through the links at your own risk.
PRIVACY POLICY
Braden Counseling Center respects the privacy of its users. Please read our Privacy Policy.
DISCLAIMER
This site is provided by Braden Counseling Center is on an “as is“ basis. Braden Counseling Center makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. Braden Counseling Center disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Braden Counseling Center will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
APPLICABLE LAW
This site is created and controlled by Braden Counseling Center in the State of Illinois, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Illinois will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and these disclaimers, terms, and conditions at any time.
C.A.L.M.
Domestic Violence
Substance Abuse Treatment
Drivers License Reinstatement
Individual Counseling
Family Counseling
Couples Counseling
Plus More....
Evaluations DUI Evaluations
Anger
Alcohol and Drug
ADD/ADHD
Depression
Plus More....
Patient Portal
Our Locations Sycamore: 815-787-9000
Rochelle: 815-561-8855
Elgin: 847-717-7347
Bartlett: 847-428-7260
Geneva: 800-428-7260
Fax Number (all locations):
815-787-9015
© 2020 Braden Counseling Center | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service