http://www.ncld.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
DONATE
Home / Privacy Policy
Last Updated September 15, 2020.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how the National Center for Learning Disabilities (“NCLD,” “we,” or “us”) collects and uses information from all end users (“you” or “your”) of NCLD.org; GetReadytoRead.org; RTINetwork.org and Ourtimeourvote.uf (the “Websites”). NCLD requests that you read this Privacy Policy carefully and periodically visit this Privacy Policy to check for any changes or updates.
How NCLD Collects and Uses Visitor Information; Type of Information Collected
NCLD collects information related to website visitors. We may share your information with service providers, including, but not limited to, payment processors, technology and infrastructure providers, digital communications services, auditors and accountants, physical site security providers, IT security and functionality partners, and other providers who perform services for and on our behalf.
In the course of using our website and interacting with us, we may collect the following types of personal information about you: name, email address, mailing address, phone number, IP address and payment card information. Other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will not share this information with others. We may use your information to communicate with you about our services, offerings and other resources.
Visitors are required to provide certain personal information when they use our services and offerings (e.g., when registering for an event, completing a survey, or subscribing to our newsletter(s)). The information collected from visitors during the registration process is used to help us develop content for the Websites, collect audience information, and develop our online community, particularly for advocacy and fundraising purposes. As mentioned above, we may share this information with third party services providers.
We may release, share or disclose personal information provided by a user to the extent it is required to be disclosed pursuant to a valid government or court order or requirement of a governmental agency or court.
Charitable Contributions
We may use a vendor, such as payment processor(s), for purposes of collecting and processing donations. In some cases, you may be required to submit personal information (such as your name, email address, phone number and mailing address) and financial information (such as a credit card number) to these vendors. We strive to use vendors that implement industry-standard security measures for these purposes. We endeavor to keep your personal information (e.g., name, email address, phone number, mailing address) and financial information (e.g., payment card details) provided in connection with your donation private and will not rent, share or sell your information without your consent, other than for purposes of processing your donation and as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
Log Files
We may collect and use your IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our Websites, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Sharing Aggregated Information
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and sponsors. This is not linked to any personal information that can be used by such partners or sponsors to identify any individual person. To opt out of having your information shared with partners and sponsors, please email info@ncld.org with the subject line “Privacy.” Please note that such opt out may limit our ability to interact with you or provide you with services.
About External Links and Partner Organizations
NCLD has partnered with other organizations and companies to provide certain services to NCLD and you, such as to engage in ecommerce transactions, to facilitate communications with our constituents, or to run scholarship programs, including, for example, via Open Water. In some cases, visitors may see NCLD’s logo on another organization or company’s site.
Once visitors leave one of our Websites (evident by checking the URL in the location bar on a web browser), the use of any information provided is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site being visited. That policy may differ from ours and we encourage you to review such policies. If visitors can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from that site’s home page, they should contact the site directly for more information.
Disclaimer
The contents of NCLD’s Websites are intended for informational use only and do not necessarily reflect the views of NCLD, its officers, or directors. Information contained on these pages is intended to increase understanding of learning disabilities and attention issues and provide high quality resources to parents, professionals and individuals with learning disabilities. While our Websites do not recommend or endorse specific products or programs, they do advocate for responsible decision-making, and in certain instances will promote activities that have proved effective in addressing the needs of individuals with Learning Disabilities. Our Websites should not be relied upon by you in making any medical, behavioral, educational or health decision, and you should seek the advice of professionals, including medical and educational experts, in making decisions for yourself or any other individual.
Voluntary Visitor/User Surveys
We may periodically conduct visitor surveys and we encourage our users to participate in them. We take the information we receive from individuals responding to these surveys and aggregate it with the responses of other visitors. This aggregated information is then used to improve the quality of our services and information to visitors, and to develop new services and products. Participation in our surveys is voluntary.
“Cookies” and How NCLD Uses Them
A “cookie” is a small data file stored on a computer or mobile device that runs an Internet browser and is commonly used to store information about an individual’s online activities, including information such as the content or advertisements that an individual views or the pages an individual visits within a particular website. NCLD may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the information and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of our visitors’ information.
Advertisers, linked sites, and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
“Do Not Track” Signals
As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. For more information about browser tracking signals (including how to opt out through your mobile device or browser settings), please visit: https://allaboutdnt.com/.
Use of Websites from Outside of the United States
While our Websites and services are intended for an audience in the United States, access to the Websites is not geographically restricted. If you are visiting the Websites from outside of the United States, please note the information that you choose to provide us or automatically provide to us by accessing the Websites will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States, and you consent to such information being transmitted to the United States and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
NCLD’s Commitment to Children’s Privacy
The Child Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) regulates online collection of information from persons under the age of 13. It is our policy to refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personal information relating to any person under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not supply any personal information through the Websites. If you are under the age of 13 and have already provided Personal Information through a Website, please have your parent or guardian contact us at info@ncld.org. with the subject line “Privacy: Child Under 13.”
Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. We make every effort to ensure that our site is age-appropriate for our younger audience, but we believe that there is no substitute for proper parental supervision. For further information about tips, tools, age-appropriate or kid-friendly Websites and how to report online trouble, please visit Getnetwise.org. Finally, NCLD recommends that children ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to NCLD or to anyone else online, and any child under the age of 13 should not, in any circumstance or for any reason, submit any personal information through any of our Websites (as explained above).
Public Forums
Please remember that any information visitors may disclose in our public areas of our Websites, such as comment sections, discussion boards or blogs, becomes public information. We advise visitors to exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas.
NCLD’s Commitment to Data Security
The services and Websites we sponsor have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. NCLD has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure visitors’ personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. When users submit personal information via our Websites, NCLD uses reasonable efforts to protect that information both online and offline. The servers that are used to store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use
visitors’ personal information for improper purposes. Thus, visitors to our Websites acknowledge that any personal information provided is done so at their own risk.
Choice/Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive promotional or informational materials from us , you may opt out by emailing us at info@ncld.org with the subject line “Opt Out,” or by clicking and following the link or instructions in any given promotional material. Please note that opting-out of receipt of communications from u will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of transacting future business on the Websites and for managing future communications.
Revisions to This Policy
NCLD reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here and a notification that we have changed our Privacy Policy on our homepage. Your continued use of our Websites and associated services following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept such changes. Further, we are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Correcting or Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes or you have reason to believe that your personal information as we maintain it is incorrect, you may email us at info@ncld.org with the subject line “Privacy”.
Where to Direct Questions about NCLD’s Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, or have any questions about the use of contact information, you may email us at info@ncld.org with the subject line “Privacy”.
Meet the NCLD Team
Carrying out the NCLD mission to improve outcomes for the 1 in 5 individuals with learning and attention issues.
GO
Young Adult Initiatives
Help empower and advocate for young adults ages 18–26 with learning disabilities and attention issues.
READ MORE
Tell Congress: Pass the RISE Act
We need your help! Ask your member of Congress to support students with learning and attention issues.
SEND A LETTER
Support NCLD
Thanks to support from generous partners like you, we are able to create programs and resources to support the 1 in 5 individuals with learning and attention issues nationwide.
$20
$50
$100
$250
$500
Other amount
$
Join the NCLD movement
Above 13 *I certify I am above the age of 13MessageJOIN NOW
JOIN NOW
Listen/ Play
MOVE TO TOP