http://www.naadac.org/public-policy-committee
Donate
Login
Home
facebook
twitter
linkedin
Education
Free Webinars
On Demand Webinars
Call for Webinar Presentations
2020 October - December Webinars
Cognitive Restructuring for PTSD: Non-Exposure Treatment for Trauma
Dying to Connect: Addiction as an Attachment Disorder
The Addiction Professional’s Guide to Addressing Medical Marijuana Use - Part 1
The Addiction Professional's Guide to Addressing Medical Marijuana Use - Part 2
Unintended Consequences of the Cannabis Panacea: What Addiction Specialists Need to Know
Advocacy Series, Session V: Bringing it Home – Grassroots Advocacy
Working with Antisocial Personality: Etiology Through Treatment Interventions
Utilizing Counterconditioning (Aversion) Treatment as an Effective CBT for SUD
Chasing Intensity: Stimulants, Sex, and the Search for Connection
Adolescents with Co-Occurring Disorders: Already in our Care
Always Daring Distraction: ADHD and Substance Use Disorders
Harm Reduction for the Clinical Setting
Engaging Learners in Online Supervision
Substance Use Disorders and Suicide: Addressing a Co-occurring Epidemic
Opioid Use Disorder in the Black Community: Expert Panel Discussion
Nonopiate Therapy for Chronic Pain
Collision of SUD and COVID-19: A NIDA Update
Cultural Humility Webinar Series
Cultural Humility Series, Part I: Understanding SUD Disparities Among LGBTQIA People
Cultural Humility Series, Part II: Social Class Bias & the Negative Impact on Treatment Outcomes
Cultural Humility Series, Part III: Do You Know Who You Are and For Whom You Provide Services?
Cultural Humility Series, Part IV: Critical Issues in LGBTQIA Patient Care
Cultural Humility Series, Part V: Substance Use Disorder Treatment for Latinx Communities
Cultural Humility Series, Part VI: Why It Matters Now More Than Ever
Cultural Humility Series, Part VII: Four Directions of Diversity - Honoring Differences
Cultural Humility Series, Part VIII: Social Responsibility in the Addiction Profession & Town Hall
HIV/Bloodborne Pathogen Webinars
HIV and Bloodborne Pathogens, Section I: Introduction and Definitions
HIV and Bloodborne Pathogens, Section II: Human Immunodeficiency Virus
HIV and Bloodborne Pathogens, Section III: Hepatitis B and C
Ethics Webinars
The Progress Note: Where Law & Ethics Meet Efficiency
Social Media and Ethical Dilemmas for Behavioral Health Clinicians
Clinical Supervision in the Addiction Profession Part Three: Legal and Ethical Issues in Supervision
Clinical Supervision in the Addiction Profession Part Two: Using Technology for Clinical Supervision
What Addiction Professionals Should Know About Medical Marijuana
7 Ways to Legally and Ethically Expand Your Services with Evidence-Based Telehealth
Ethical and Professional Issues in Addiction Counseling, Section I
Ethical and Professional Issues in Counseling, Section II
Ethical and Professional Issues in Counseling, Section III
Personal and Professional Boundaries
NAADAC Code of Ethics, Part 1
NAADAC Code of Ethics, Part 2
A Touchy Subject: Ethics in Touching
Ethics in an Online World
Peer Recovery Support Webinars
Peer Recovery Support Series, Section I: Building a Successful Culture in Your Organization
Peer Recovery Support Series, Section II: Hiring, Onboarding, and Integration
Peer Recovery Support Series, Section III: Understanding the Pathway and the Process
Peer Recovery Support Series, Section IV: The Participatory Process for Solutions to Addiction
Peer Recovery Support Series, Section V: Supervision and Management
Peer Recovery Support Series, Section VI: A Deeper Dive Into Coaching Recovery
SAMHSA-NAADAC Workforce Webinars
Understanding the Roles of Addiction Professionals in Behavioral Health Care
Research to Strengthen Behavioral Health Workforce Capacity Webinar
Focus on the Addiction and Mental Health Workforce: Increasing Retention For Today and Tomorrow
Focus on the Addiction and Mental Health Workforce: Increasing Recruitment For Today and Tomorrow
2020 Advocacy Webinar Series
Advocacy Series, Session I: Shaping Policy and Practice Through Advocacy
Advocacy Series, Session II: Updates on Federal SUD Funding
Advocacy Series, Session III: Bolstering the Addiction Workforce – A Call to Action
Advocacy Series, Session IV: Confidentiality Rule Changes and 42 CFR
Advocacy Series, Session V: Bringing it Home – Grassroots Advocacy
Webinar FAQs
Specialty Online Trainings
Addiction Treatment in Military & Veteran Culture Specialty Online Training Series
Part One: Supporting Those Who Served
Part Two: Supporting Life After Service
Part Three: Mental Health for Military Populations
Part Four: Beyond Basic Military Awareness
Part Five: Identifying Presenting Concerns
Part Six: Using What Works
Clinical Supervision in the Addiction Profession Specialty Online Training Series
Part One: The Supervisory Relationship
Part Two: Using Technology for Clinical Supervision
Part Three: Legal and Ethical Issues in Supervision
Part Four: Stages of Clinical Supervision
Part Five: How to Structure Clinical Supervision
Part Six: Motivational Interviewing in Clinical Supervision: A Parallel Process
Independent Study Courses & Exams
Certificate Programs
Addiction Treatment in Military & Veteran Culture Certificate
Clinical Supervision in the Addiction Profession Certificate
National Certificate in Tobacco Treatment Practice (NCTTP)
NCTTP Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Recovery to Practice (RTP) Certificate Program
Conflict Resolution for Recovery
SAP
SAP Qualification Independent Study Course
SAP Re-Qualification
SAP FAQs
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration: Drug & Alcohol Clearinghouse
SAP Directory
Conflict Resolution for Recovery Training
NAADAC Approved Education Providers
NAADAC Approved Education Provider Applications
Approved Education Provider Levels and Costs
Approved Education Provider Program Benefits
Training Requirements for Approved Education Providers
Providers Guidelines
Download a Sample Evaluation Form
Download Sample Continuing Education Hours Certificate
Approved Education Providers Directory
Magazine CE Articles
Recovery to Practice (RTP) Initiative
Recovery Webinars
Recovery Definitions
Recovery Resources
NAADAC CE Acceptance
National Addiction Studies Accreditation Commission
Minority Fellowship Program
MFP Fellows
Resources
COVID-19 Resources
What is Telehealth?
Cultural Humility Resources
NAADAC Bookstore
Advances in Addiction & Recovery
Addiction & Recovery eNews
Professional eUpdate
Social Media
Professional Development
Press Releases
Directories
Links
Certification
About the NCC AP
Types & Eligibility
NCAC I
NCAC II
MAC
NDS
NCAAC
NCPRSS
NCPRSS Code of Ethics
NCSE
Applications & Fees
Renewal Process
Credential FAQS
Testing Information
NCC AP Distance Proctoring
Offers
States Using NCC AP Exams
State & International Certification Boards
Membership
Join or Renew
Membership Dues
Membership Surveys
Membership Benefits
Clocktree Telehealth Platform
NAADAC Committees
Organizational Membership
Organizational Members Directory
Professional Liability Insurance
Student Professional Liability Insurance
Peer Recovery Support Specialist (PRSS) Liability Insurance
Professional Liability Insurance FAQs
Code of Ethics
How to File a Complaint
PhD Candidate Survey Service
Recognition and Awards
2020 NAADAC Award Winners
Addiction Educator of the Year Award
John Avery Staff Award
Lifetime Honorary Membership Award
Lora Roe Memorial Addiction Counselor of the Year
Davida Coady Gorham Medical Professional of the Year
Mel Schulstad Professional of the Year
Organizational Achievement Award
William F. "Bill" Callahan Award
William White Scholarship
Membership FAQS
Advocacy
Take Action
NAADAC Advocacy Blog & Action Alerts
Advocacy Webinar Series
Public Policy
Advocacy Resources
Position Statements & Issue Briefs
Issue Brief: Workforce Development
Issue Brief: Substance Abuse and Mental Health Parity
Issue Brief: Reauthorization of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMH
Issue Brief: Nicotine Dependence
Issue Brief: Mandatory School-Based Adolescent Drug Testing
Issue Brief: Access to Recovery
NAADAC Position Statement on the Medical and Recreational Use of Cannabis
NAADAC Position Statement on the Protection of Client Confidentiality &
Right to Privacy and 42 CFR
NAADAC’s Position on Effectively Treating the Opioid Epidemic
Investing in the Addiction Workforce
Addiction Professional Credentialing: The Need for National Standards
Protect Patient Confidentiality and Access to Treatment: Maintain Newly Created Privacy Protections
Sign-On Letters
State Advocacy Resources
Public Policy Committee
2020 Hill Day
Past Advocacy Conferences
National Addiction Professionals Day
National Recovery Month
Conferences & Events
Calendar of Events
Virtual Programs Code of Conduct
2020 Regional Caucuses
Virtual Conflict Resolution for Recovery
Annual Conference
2020 Information for Attendees
2020 Registration Information
2020 Continuing Education (CE) Hours
2021 Call for Presentations
Past Conferences
Hill Day
Hill Day: Attendee Information
Hill Day CE Information
Affiliate Conferences
Annual Alaska Training Institute
2020 Alaska Training Institute Information for Attendees
2020 Alaska Training Institute Featured Speakers
2020 Alaska Training Institute Registration Information
Thank you to our 2020 Alaska Training Institute Sponsors and Exhibitors!
2020 Alaska Training Institute Schedule
2020 Alaska Training Institute Continuing Education (CE) Hours
Alaska Training Institute Past Conferences
2020 Kentucky Association of Addiction Professionals Conference
Northwest Regional Conference
Past Conferences
2019 Northwest Regional Conference
Greece Professional Exchange
NAADAC in the Field Blog
Helpful Links
About
What is an Addiction Professional?
NAADAC Timeline
Communicating the Vision
NAADAC in the News
Leadership
Board of Directors Resources
Elections
NAADAC Education and Research Foundation
How To Use Amazon Smile
Affiliates
National Affiliates
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
International Affiliates
Colombo Plan
Ecuador
Egypt
Hong Kong
Iceland
Pacific Jurisdictions
South Korea
Contact
Staff Directory
Executive Committee
Advertise with NAADAC
For the Press
Become a Corporate Sponsor
Request Mailing List
Career Center
Career Classifieds
Jobs @ NAADAC
Communications Coordinator
Join
Search
Donate
Login
close
Search
Enter your search term & enter. Esc or X to close.
Public Policy Committee
Home Advocacy Public Policy Committee
Related
Take Action
NAADAC Advocacy Blog & Action Alerts
Advocacy Webinar Series
Public Policy
Advocacy Resources
Position Statements & Issue Briefs
Issue Brief: Workforce Development
Issue Brief: Substance Abuse and Mental Health Parity
Issue Brief: Reauthorization of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMH
Issue Brief: Nicotine Dependence
Issue Brief: Mandatory School-Based Adolescent Drug Testing
Issue Brief: Access to Recovery
NAADAC Position Statement on the Medical and Recreational Use of Cannabis
NAADAC Position Statement on the Protection of Client Confidentiality &
Right to Privacy and 42 CFR
NAADAC’s Position on Effectively Treating the Opioid Epidemic
Investing in the Addiction Workforce
Addiction Professional Credentialing: The Need for National Standards
Protect Patient Confidentiality and Access to Treatment: Maintain Newly Created Privacy Protections
Sign-On Letters
State Advocacy Resources
Public Policy Committee
2020 Hill Day
Past Advocacy Conferences
National Addiction Professionals Day
National Recovery Month
The NAADAC Public Policy Committee (PPC) is appointed by the NAADAC President and assists with the work of the NAADAC Government Relations Department. The Public Policy Committee aims to establish and promote the legislative and public policy initiatives of the NAADAC organization.
Its objectives are
to establish a legislative agenda that promotes the needs of the addiction professional at the state and national levels;
to develop and distribute relevant position statements, white papers, legislative agenda guide, and other public policy papers for the education and advocacy of addiction focused issues;
to conduct an annual public policy conference and/or workshops that promote, educate and train on the public policy agenda of NAADAC;
to help educate and train at the state level advocacy and legislation that promotes addiction focused issues;
to promote and advocate public policy issues to relevant governmental and private institutions and organizations; and
to give testimony to the state or national level to relevant public policy issues.
PPC members are required to
Participate in monthly conference calls;
Provide direction and oversight to the Government Relations Department;
Read and approve sign-on letters;
Provide comments and feedback on NAADAC's written advocacy materials;
Assist in the planning of the Advocacy in Action Conference; and
Build relationships with local, state and national policymakers.
Committee Member Details
John Cates, MA, LADC
Houston, TX
lifeway2@aol.com
John Cates, MA, LCDC, has worked with substance use disorder treatment for 42 years. Appearing in print and via broadcast, he is known world-wide as a therapist, author, speaker, and designer of education and treatment programs. Cates is the recipient of multiple awards, including NAADAC’s Counselor of the Year in 2001. Cates is the co-author of “Recovering Our Children,” and founded Lifeway International, an (APG) Alternative Peer Group program serving families across the nation for over 32 years. He started the first free standing recovery school in 1976 and specializes in designing sober schools that give students a safe place to heal. The most recent Three Oaks Academy is seen in Generation Found. Cates is a recovering heroin addict and knows what it takes to live a successful drug-free life.
Richard Paul "Rick" Green III, BSBA, LCDC
Texas
rickgreenrpg@gmail.com
richard.green@rightstep.com
Richard Paul "Rick" Green III, BSBA, LCDC, is the Director of Treatment Services at the addiction medicine clinic system - New Resources Medical Arts. He is also a staff counselor at Right Step IOP in San Antonio. Green has been an addictions counselor since 2014 and has been in the Healthcare and Mental Healthcare field for over 20 years. He is the Chairman of the San Antonio College Licensed Chemical Dependency Counselor Program Advisory Board and serves on the Bexar County Opiate Treatment Task Force. He has an extensive background in psychiatric pharmaceuticals, drug/civil/criminal court, recovery advocacy and motivational research. Green has experience consulting with Civil and Criminal Justice attorneys, pharmaceutical companies, and philanthropic treatment entities. He is trained in Quality of Motivation Theory, Choice Theory, Somatic Experiencing Therapy, and addiction medicine integration. Green has a special interest in translational behavioral research and Twelve Step Facilitation therapy. Green has been published and is publishing research in the fields of addiction medicine, pharmaceutical compliance monitoring, and legal issues regarding evaluations for SUD. He lectures on treatment of Opioid Use Disorder. Green is a graduate of the University of Missouri.
Michael Kemp, NCACI (Co-Chair)
Oregon
Michael.Kemp@dhsoha.state.or.us
Michael Kemp, NCAC I, has worked in the addiction profession for over 30 years. He has worked as an addictions counselor, social worker, and clinical supervisor for the State of Wisconsin. In addition, Kemp was an instructor in an Addiction Studies program for 15 years and clinically supervised several community based programs. In 2015, he retired from Wisconsin State service and moved west to become the Director of Peer Recovery Services at Oregon State Hospital - Salem. Kemp has been a NAADAC member since 1995, and has served on the Public Policy Committee for over 10 years. He took over as co-chair of the Public Policy Committee in the fall of 2014. Kemp was the recipient of NAADAC’s Senator Howard E. Hughes Advocate of the Year in 2012.
Sherri Layton, LCDC, CCS (Co-Chair)
San Antonio, TX
slayton@lahacienda.com
Sherri Layton, LCDC, CCS, began working in addiction treatment in 1977 and has worked for La Hacienda Treatment Center since 1992. She currently manages their outpatient, continuing care, and alumni services, coordinates La Hacienda's legislative involvement on the state and national level, and oversees staff training. She frequently speaks on topics related to clinical supervision, advocacy, and leadership development. Sherri was the NAADAC Mid South RVP from 2012 – 2016 and has served on NAADAC’s Public Policy Committee since 2008, and currently is co-chair. She also serves on the Legislative Committee for the Association of Substance Abuse Programs – Texas. Layton has a BA in Psychology and completed an MBA with an emphasis on leadership in 2009 at the University of Texas in San Antonio.
John Lisy, LICDC, OCPS II, LISW, LPCC
Cleveland, OH
jlisy@msn.com
John Lisy, LICDC, OCPS II, LISW, LPCC, is the Executive Director of the Shaker Heights Youth Center. He also currently serves on the Ohio Chemical Dependency Professionals Board and is the Chair of the Treatment Committee. He was awarded the NAADAC Advocate of the Year for 2005 and has served as NAADAC’s Secretary, Treasurer, Mid-Central Regional Vice President. Lisy has served as the President and State Legislator Chair of the Ohio Association of Alcoholism and Drug Addictions Counselors and is the recipient of its August Martin Meuli Humanitarian Award. He was a founding member and of the Coalition for Chemical Dependency Licensure and chaired the Ohio Alcohol and Drug Policy Alliance. He has been a participant in Leadership Ohio and was the Chair of the Social Welfare in Jamaica Conference, a collaboration between Case Western Reserve University and the University of the West Indies. He coordinated the Alcohol and Other Drug Workforce Development Project in Ohio for the Ohio Association of Alcoholism and Drug Addiction Counselors (OAADAC).
Valerie McGaha, PhD, LPC, LMFT, LADC, LPC-S
Tulsa, OK
Associate Professor of Applied Health and Educational Psychology
Oklahoma State University
valerie.mcgaha@okstate.edu
Valerie McGaha, PhD, LPC, LMFT, LADC, LPC-S, earned her PhD at Texas Tech University. She is a Licensed Professional Counselor (LPC), a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT), a Licensed Alcohol and Drug Counselor (LADC), and an approved LPC supervisor. She is currently an Associate Professor in Counseling and Counseling Psychology at Oklahoma State University. McGaha, a Ronald E. McNair Research Scholar, is an activist researcher focused on social justice, cultural competencies, mental health and wellness, criminal justice, drug policy and education, depression and suicidality, and academic achievement. She has received specialized Gatekeeper Instructor training in the following areas: Human Trafficking Intervention and Question, Persuade, and Response (QPR) Suicide Prevention. Other specialized training include Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR); Licensed Professional Counselor Supervision; and Professional Mentorship.
William "Bill" Minser, DMin, CSAC
Madison, WI
wminser@gmail.com
William "Bill" Minser, DMin, CSAC, hails from rural western Pennsylvania. He attended college in Rhode Island and seminary in Massachusetts. He served churches in Illinois, Pennsylvania and Connecticut before joining the staff of Caron Treatment Center in Wernersville, PA, as an addictions counselor in 2002. There he also became certified to treat co-occurring disorders and problem gambling. After “retirement”, he taught the Sociology of Substance Abuse at Rosemont College, and consulted with Lutheran Social Services and with Walden Counseling and Therapy Center. Minser and his wife, Shirley, have children and three grandchildren in the upper Midwest, hence their move to Madison, WI in 2013. Minser works at The Center for Christian Counseling in Madison, and with the pastoral care staff at Blackhawk Church in Middleton, WI.
Cynthia Moreno Tuohy, NCAC II, CDC III, SAP
Washington
cynthia@naadac.org
Cynthia Moreno Tuohy, BSW, NCAC II, CDC III, SAP, is the Executive Director of NAADAC. She previously served as the Project Director of Central East Addiction Technology Transfer Center and as the Program Director for Volunteers of America Western Washington. She has been the administrator of multi-county, publicly-funded alcohol/drug prevention/intervention/treatment centers. She has been an international, national and state trainer for over 25 years in a variety of topics. She has also served as President of NAADAC and has worked as a curriculum writer. Her book, Rein in Your Brain: From Impulsivity to Thoughtful Living in Recovery, was released in May 2014 by Hazelden Publishers. Moreno Tuohy holds a Bachelor’s degree in social work and advanced studies degrees in social work and public administration.
Gerard J. "Gerry" Schmidt, MA, MAC, LPC, CAC
West Virginia
gschmidt@valleyhealthcare.org
Gerard J. Schmidt, MA, LPC, MAC, is Immediate Past President of NAADAC and the Chief Operations Officer at Valley HealthCare System in Morgantown, WV. He has been in the mental health and addictions treatment profession for the past 45 years. Publications to his credit include several articles on the development of Employee Assistance Programs in rural areas and wellness in the workplace, addictions practice in residential settings, and an overview of addictions practice in the United States. He has edited Treatment Improvement Protocols for CSAT for several years and has been active with the Mid-Atlantic ATTC. Schmidt had served as Chair of the NAADAC Certification Commission and the Public Policy Committee.
If you are interested in serving on NAADAC's Public Policy Committee, please send a completed NAADAC Committee Nomination Form and resume by email to naadac@naadac.org.
Updated December 9, 2019
Take Action
NAADAC Advocacy Blog & Action Alerts
Advocacy Webinar Series
Public Policy
Advocacy Resources
Position Statements & Issue Briefs
Issue Brief: Workforce Development
Issue Brief: Substance Abuse and Mental Health Parity
Issue Brief: Reauthorization of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMH
Issue Brief: Nicotine Dependence
Issue Brief: Mandatory School-Based Adolescent Drug Testing
Issue Brief: Access to Recovery
NAADAC Position Statement on the Medical and Recreational Use of Cannabis
NAADAC Position Statement on the Protection of Client Confidentiality &
Right to Privacy and 42 CFR
NAADAC’s Position on Effectively Treating the Opioid Epidemic
Investing in the Addiction Workforce
Addiction Professional Credentialing: The Need for National Standards
Protect Patient Confidentiality and Access to Treatment: Maintain Newly Created Privacy Protections
Sign-On Letters
State Advocacy Resources
Public Policy Committee
2020 Hill Day
Past Advocacy Conferences
National Addiction Professionals Day
National Recovery Month
2020 NAADAC
View Sitemap
Memphis Web Design by Speak