https://www.centerpointe.org/help/legacygiving.html
Skip to main content
Contact
Volunteer
Events
Donate
Who We Are
Mission
Fast Facts
Leadership
Financials & Outcomes
Contact Us
What We Do
Treatment
Rehabilitation
Housing
Crisis Response
Veteran Services
Campus for Hope
Artists on the Edge & Writer's Wordshop
Art Gallery
Nondiscrimination and Language Translation Statement
Get Involved
Join Our Mailing List
Donate Now
Wish List
Legacy Giving
Give at Work
Volunteer
Employment
Internships
Get Info
Co-Occurring Disorders FAQ's
For Family and Friends
Steps to Finding a Therapist
National Treatment Facility Locator
Service Area
What's a CCBHC?
News & Events
Newsroom
Event Calendar
Newsletter
Videos
Supporting Your Mental Health
Administrative Offices
402.475.8717
Contact
Volunteer
Events
Donate
Administrative Offices
402.475.8717
Get Involved
You might think wills and estate plans are only for wealthy, older folks. They’re not. Your will and estate plans are the most important planning tools you can use.
You’re probably like most people who prefer not to think about things like illness, death, or probate. However, when you don’t clearly state your wishes in writing, your family and friends are forced to guess at your intentions.
The Full Circle Society recognizes supporters who generously include CenterPointe in their estate plans. The simplest estate gift is including CenterPointe in your will. If you are considering any estate gift, we suggest you work with your attorney to discuss your particular situation. Below is the official language you may use to arrange a gift.
Residual Gift Language
A residual bequest comes to us after your estate expenses and specific bequests are paid.
Example: I give and devise to CenterPointe Inc., Tax ID 47-0550702, all (or state a percentage) or the rest, residue, and remainder of my estate, both real and personal, to be used for its general support (or designated for its endowment).
Specific Gift Language
Naming CenterPinte as a beneficiary of a specific amount from your estate is easy.
Example: I give and devise to CenterPointe, Inc., Tax ID 47-0550702, the sum of $______ (or asset) to be used for its general support (or designated for its endowment).
Contingent Gift Language
CenterPointe can be named as a contingent beneficiary in your will or personal trust if one or more of your specific bequests cannot be fulfilled.
Example: If (insert name) is not living at the time of my demise, I give and devise to CenterPointe, Inc., Tax ID 47-0550702, the sum of $_____ (or all or a percentage of the residue in my estate) to be used for its general support (or designated for its endowment).
Life Insurance as a Gift
You can also name CenterPointe as a beneficiary of a life insurance policy you already own. Gifts of life insurance are not part of the public record. There are three simple options. Primary beneficiary, Co-beneficiary or Contingent beneficiary.
We encourage you to inform us if you choose to arrange an estate gift of any kind. If you prefer not to be recognized we would still appreciate the opportunity to ensure you are kept informed over the years.
Scott Williamson, Director of Donor Engagement
402.475.8717 x130 or development@centerpointe.org
This information is not intended to replace any legal or financial information provided by a professional planner. Please consult with a professional for information specific to your situation.