https://www.viasat.com/legal
Skip to main content
Enter your keywords
Product Finder
You are hereMore Information
Legal
Viasat Legal Statements
Residential and Business Legal Documents
Legal Documents (Residential and Business)
Residential Legal Documents - WildBlue
Customer Agreement (Residential)
The residential Customer Agreement is a combined agreement for Viasat, Exede and WildBlue subscribers.
Customer Agreement (Residential)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of May 1, 2018.
End User License Agreement
This agreement applies to your use of our Exede or WildBlue email service.
End User License
Agreement (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of November 30, 2017.
Data Allowance Policy
This policy explains the Data Allowance Policy for the WildBlue internet service.
Data Allowance Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of November 30, 2017.
Acceptable Use Policy
This policy outlines acceptable use of the WildBlue, Viasat and Exede Internet services as well as permissible and prohibited conduct when using the WildBlue, Viasat or Exede Internet service.
Acceptable Use Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of November 30, 2017.
WildBlue Subscriber Privacy Policy
This policy describes the type of information Viasat collects, how we use it, when we may disclose it, and your choices with respect to certain information you receive from us or collect from you.
Subscriber Privacy Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of July 27, 2020.
SMS Terms and Conditions
Here are the terms & conditions concerning SMS.
SMS Terms and Conditions (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of March 21, 2018.
Network Management Policy
This policy describes how we manage the WildBlue network to provide all customers with a high-quality online experience.
Network Management Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of November 30, 2017.
Limited Warranty
This document applies only to customers who purchased their equipment from Viasat and explains Viasat’s limited warranty of the equipment.
Limited Warranty (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of November 30, 2017.
Legal Disclaimer
Here are some legal disclaimers we want you to be aware of.
Legal Disclaimer (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of November 30, 2017.
Viasatretailer.com Websites
Retailer Website Privacy Notice (Managed Website Application)
The privacy policy for all users of viasatretailer.com
Viasatretailer.com Privacy Notice (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of January 30, 2018.
Viasat In-Flight Wi-Fi Legal Documents
Viasat In-Flight Wi-Fi Privacy Policy
This policy describes the type of information Viasat collects, how we use it and when we may disclose it when using our in-flight internet service.
Viasat In-Flight Wi-Fi Privacy Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated the In-Flight Wi-Fi Privacy Policy as of December 4, 2018.
Viasat In-Flight Wi-Fi Acceptable Use Policy
This policy outlines acceptable use of the in-flight internet service as well as permissible and prohibited conduct when using the in-flight internet service.
Viasat In-Flight Acceptable Use Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated the Acceptable Use Policy as of December 4, 2018.
Viasat Legal Documents
Viasat General Privacy Notice
This privacy notice describes the type of information Viasat collects from users who are not Viasat customers (such as those who access our websites), how we use and when we may disclose such information.
General Privacy Notice (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated this document as of June 25, 2020.
Viasat Legal Statements
Viasat Careers
Viasat Applicant Privacy Policy
This Applicant Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data when you apply for a position with Viasat.
Viasat Applicant Privacy Policy (PDF)
Please note: We’ve updated the Viasat Applicant Privacy Policy as of September 27, 2018
Print This Page
Facebook  Twitter  YouTube  Linkedin  Instagram