https://www.desertaidsproject.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. Desert AIDS Project upholds the following principles:
We won’t ask you for personal information that we don’t absolutely need.
We won’t sell or share your personal information with anyone, unless the law requires it.
We won’t store personal information on our servers without your permission… and only then it’s used to make transactions such as ticket purchases, quicker and easier for you.
So what type of information do we collect, and what do we do with it?
Information about your computer, your visits to this website, and use of this website.
This includes your IP address and other non personally-identifying information available to us from Google Analytics such as location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, website navigation, page views, and duration of visits. This is standard information that most websites collect to better understand visitor usage.
Information that you provide us, both online and offline for the purpose of subscribing to our emails, submitting comments on articles and posts, making donations or purchasing event tickets, and filling out online forms and applications, including name and email, and in some instances, physical address and phone number.
This information may be used by Desert AIDS Project to send you requested information, respond to inquiries, administer a contest or survey, and process donation or event transactions. Please note that you may refrain from providing this information, however it may prevent you from submitting certain website comments and forms, or completing certain actions.
We will not sell or share any personal information you may have submitted to us, unless required by law.
Data Security
Personally identifiable information is stored on a secure server, and not accessible by the public. It is only accessible by Desert AIDS Project staff on a “need to know” basis. Sensitive data such as credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL and processed (never stored) for additional security.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Desert AIDS Project uses cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction to better identify and track visitors, their usage of the Desert AIDS Project website, and their website access preferences. Desert AIDS Project website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our website.
Third Party Links
At times, Desert AIDS Project may direct you to the use of third party websites, such as the purchase of event tickets on PayPal. We are not responsible for the privacy policy practices of third party websites, and encourage you to become familiar with them.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Desert AIDS Project may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. If D.A.P. decides to do so, we will update this page. D.A.P. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
Your use of this site constitutes your consent to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change will constitute your acceptance of such change.
X