http://www.carms.ca/policies/
Several policies govern the use of CaRMS services. CaRMS’ policies are in place to help ensure a fair and transparent match. If you have any questions about the policies below, please contact compliance@carms.ca.
Privacy policyOnline services privacy policyMatch violations policyAccessible customer service policySocial media policyCaRMS Online browser support policyApplicant release policyApplicant contracts
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
The Canadian Resident Matching Service (CaRMS) provides you with services related to your medical education, residency training application and match process. To provide these services, we need to collect information from and about you – including personal information.
Personal information refers to any information, recorded in any form, about an identified individual or an individual whose identity may be inferred or determined from such information. In simple terms, it’s information about you that someone can link back to you. It does not include business contact information (e.g. name, title, business address) or aggregate data from which you cannot be identified. We retain the right to use business contact information or aggregate data in any ethical way deemed appropriate.
As the owner of your personal information, you have the right to know how and why we collect this information, how it is used, who we will share it with, and the measures we have in place to protect your privacy.
We place the highest value on ensuring the confidentiality of the information you provide to us, and we’ve created this policy to explain how we put this commitment into action.
Although we are not engaged in commercial activity, this privacy policy is based on the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and complies with the requirements of Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL).
Why CaRMS may collect personal information
We collect information from applicants, faculties and other parties in order to:
Carry out our services:
The Application and Matching Program;
Medical School Admissions Application Service;
Determine client eligibility for these services;
Communicate pertinent information in relation to these services;
Complete statistical and research analyses related to our services;
Manage our client relationships;
Meet legal and regulatory requirements; and
Such other purposes consistent with these purposes.
How CaRMS collects and uses personal information
We will only collect, use and disclose your information for reasonable purposes consistent with our service offerings. We limit the collection of your information to what is required and only collect it through fair and lawful methods. We routinely collect information from our clients through:
CaRMS’ online services;
Data and documents submitted for application purposes; and
Interactions via telephone, email, and chat.
Our use and disclosure of your information is limited to the purposes described in this policy and we do not otherwise sell, trade, barter, exchange or disclose for consideration any personal information, including your contact information.
When CaRMS may disclose your personal information
We may disclose your personal information:
To provide our services, as requested by you, including disclosure to faculties, individuals, or organizations who use our application and/or matching services;
For statistical and research purposes related to CaRMS’ mandate; and
To individuals or organizations that perform services on our behalf, such as those involved in maintaining, reviewing and developing our systems, procedures and infrastructure, including testing or upgrading our systems.
When we disclose data containing your personal information to third-parties, we enter into a data sharing agreement (DSA) to:
Require that the use and disclosure of the data is solely for the specified permitted purposes;
Require that confidentiality of the data is upheld;
Require appropriate safeguards;
Require restricted access to the data, limited to those with a need to know/access;
Require consent or a new agreement should the receiving organization wish to use the data for other purposes than outlined in the DSA;
Require proof of appropriate destruction or disposal of the data, when the primary use of the data has been completed;
Require notification to CaRMS of any breaches to its obligations listed in the DSA.
In some cases, the individuals or organizations that perform services on our behalf may use or store your information outside of Canada. Personal information stored outside Canada may be subject to different laws than those in Canada and may be accessible to law enforcement agencies outside of Canada where permitted by law. We are committed to the protection of privacy and will evaluate the privacy implications associated with disclosing personal information to a third-party service provider in a given jurisdiction before establishing a relationship in which personal information will be disclosed.
There are circumstances where the use and/or disclosure of personal information may be justified or permitted, or where we are obliged to disclose information without consent. Such circumstances may include:
Where required or permitted by law or by order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or governmental tribunal;
Where we believe, upon reasonable grounds, that it is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of an identifiable person or group;
Where it is necessary to establish or collect monies owing to us;
Where we find it necessary to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we may sustain; or
Where the information is public.
Where obliged or permitted to disclose information without consent, we will not disclose more information than is required.
Consent
Unless permitted by law, we will not collect, use, or disclose your personal information without first obtaining your consent.
To the extent that any message from us qualifies as a commercial electronic message (CEM), we will only send the CEM if we have appropriate consent from you in accordance with the requirements of CASL and this policy.
A commercial electronic message, as defined under CASL, is a message that offers to purchase, sell, barter or lease a product, good, or service; provide a business opportunity; or advertise or promote any of these items.
We may ask you for consent to use and disclose your information after it has been collected, in cases where we wish to use your information, for a purpose not previously identified, for a purpose not identified in this policy, or for a purpose for which you have not previously consented.
In most cases and subject to legal and contractual restrictions, you are free to refuse or withdraw your consent at any time, upon reasonable and advance notice. Similarly, you are free at any time to unsubscribe from receiving any future CEMs that we may send.
However, in certain circumstances, our services can only be offered if your information is provided. Consequently, if you choose not to provide us with the required personal information, we may not be able to offer you the services requested.
The accuracy and retention of personal information
We endeavour to ensure that any personal information you provide to us is appropriately accurate, current and complete. You are responsible for and have the opportunity to update your personal information to ensure accuracy and currency. We will use our best efforts to inform third-parties if they were provided with inaccurate information so that those third-parties may also correct their records.
We retain your information only for as long as it is required for the reasons it was collected. This period may extend many years beyond the end of your relationship with us, but it will be only for so long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to provide our services, respond to any issues that may arise at a later date, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
For example, your electronic personal information within CaRMS Online will be retained far beyond the closing of the match cycle to allow us to respond to any issues that may arise at a later date and facilitate aggregate statistical analyses and research related to our services. Any application documentation submitted in paper form, including but not limited to reference materials, MSPRs and transcripts, will be scanned to your CaRMS Online account and retained electronically; paper copies will be destroyed shortly after the closing of the match cycle. When personal information is no longer required for our purposes, we have procedures to destroy, delete or convert it into an anonymous form.
Protection of personal information
We maintain appropriate physical, procedural and technical security to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of your information.
We further protect your information by restricting access to those employees with a need to know in order for us to provide our services.
Access to personal information
We respect your reasonable right of access and correction of personal information held by us and will endeavor to respond to any request within a reasonable timeframe, usually within 30 calendar days. To guard against fraudulent requests for access, we may require sufficient information to allow us to confirm that the person making the request is authorized to do so.
We reserve the right not to change your information but will append any alternative text you believe to be appropriate and we agree is reasonable.
We reserve the right to decline to provide access to personal information, in certain circumstances where permitted by law, and where the information:
Would disclose (i) personal information, including opinions, about another individual or about a deceased individual; or (ii) trade secrets or other confidential business information that may harm CaRMS or the competitive position of a third-party or interfere with contractual or other negotiations of CaRMS or a third-party;
Is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege;
Is not readily retrievable and the burden or cost of providing it would be disproportionate to the nature or value of the information;
Does not exist, is not held, or cannot be found by CaRMS;
Could reasonably result in serious harm to the individual concerned or another individual;
May harm or interfere with law enforcement activities and other investigative or regulatory functions of a body authorized by law to perform such functions; or
Any other grounds under applicable legislation.
Where information will not or cannot be disclosed, you will be provided with the reasons for non-disclosure.
We will not respond to repetitious or vexatious requests for access and in making such a determination, we will consider such factors as the frequency with which information is updated, the purpose for which the information is used and the nature of the information.
We will not charge you for verifying or correcting your information; however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, there may be a minimal charge imposed if you request a copy of records.
CaRMS’ website
For information relating to the collection, use and disclosure of information from visitors to our website and online services please refer to our online services privacy policy.
Resolving privacy concerns
We will investigate all complaints and if a complaint is justified, we will take all reasonable steps to resolve the issue.
Please contact our Privacy officer at compliance@carms.ca with any concerns or questions about:
This policy
Access to your personal information
Our collection, use, management, or disclosure of your personal information
While not all of our services may be subject to PIPEDA, if your concerns are not resolved to your satisfaction, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
Last updated January 10, 2020
Online services privacy policy
Online services privacy policy
We collect information from users of CaRMS’ website and online services (carms.ca, CaRMS Online and the Online Admissions Application for the Degree of Doctor of Medicine Program at Memorial University of Newfoundland) through the use of digital markers, including cookies. “Cookies” are files or pieces of information that may be stored in your computer’s hard drive when you visit a website. Cookies are also used to remember that you may have already provided personal information to us and as a result, they help speed up your future activities when accessing our website and online services.
“Session” cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your web browser window or turn your computer off. Session cookies are used to improve navigation on websites and to collect aggregate statistical information. Our website and online services use session cookies.
“Persistent” cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (e.g., passwords), helping to determine what areas of a website visitors find most valuable and customizing a website based on your preferences. Our website and online services use persistent cookies.
Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
We have no control over the content of third party websites that individuals may access through hyperlinks at our website. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Web analytics
We also use web analytics service providers (i.e., Google Analytics and Hotjar) to collect data regarding use of our website and online services and analyze it for the purpose improving and streamlining use. Information collected and used for web analytics includes your IP address, the date and time of the request, the browser used, the page visited and the referral website.
While an IP address does not identify an individual on its own, it could be connected with other information to identify an individual, such as with the assistance of your Internet Service Provider.
You may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). Individuals that do not wish to be tracked by Hotjar can Opt-out at the following link: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out.
Data collected for Web analytics purposes may be stored and processed outside of Canada. Personal information stored outside Canada may be subject to different laws than those in Canada and may be accessible to law enforcement agencies outside of Canada where permitted by law.
For further information about Google Analytics and Hotjar, please refer to the Google Analytics Terms of Service (https://www.google.ca/analytics/terms/us.html) and Hotjar Privacy Policy (https://www.hotjar.com/privacy).
Completion of forms
Your name and email address or other contact information is not specifically collected by our website. We only obtain this type of information if you supply it by email, or otherwise voluntarily complete an online form or submit an inquiry or feedback. Any collection, use or disclosure of this personal information through the CaRMS website or online services is undertaken in accordance with CaRMS’ Privacy Policy.
Match violations policy
Match violations policy
May 2020
Visit carms.ca/mvp to see videos illustrating common match violations, as well as detailed FAQs about the Match Violations Policy
I. Purpose
All Match Participants are required to behave in a professional, ethical and responsible manner. The match violations policy is intended to uphold and respect the principles of fairness, equity, and professionalism in the medical residency training application, selection, and matching processes in Canada.
This policy intends to ensure that the rights and obligations of Match Participants are respected through the accurate, timely, and legitimate sharing of information, while mitigating risk and maintaining confidentiality in accordance with applicable human rights and privacy legislation.
II. Principles
Ensure all Applicants who meet the basic eligibility have equal access to the available positions;
Promote fairness and equity in sanctions applied to Match Participants;
Ensure that conflicts of interest are not incurred in the sanctions process;
Ensure sanctions are proportionate to the gravity/impact of the violation, and accompanied by quality assurance action plans and education recommendations where appropriate; and
Undertake appropriate national and international violation notifications based on the severity of the violation and all other relevant circumstances, including applicable law.
III. Scope
This policy applies to all CaRMS Match Participants.
The scope is limited to the CaRMS Application and Matching Program, offered to Applicants and Faculties, and as outlined in the Applicant contract, the CaRMS-AFMC contract, the interview guidelines, and the CaRMS Online Terms of Use. Processes not carried out by CaRMS or referenced in the applicable contracts and guidelines are not subject to this Policy.
Violations must be reported within one year of the end of the applicable Match Period. Violations reported outside of this timeframe will not be subject to this Policy, absent exceptional circumstances.
IV. Definitions
Applicants: Canadian, US and international medical school graduates or students who participate in the Application and Matching Program by accepting the CaRMS Applicant contract.
Application and Matching Program: A centralized residency application and matching process provided by CaRMS for both Applicants and Faculties.
Faculties: The Canadian Faculties of Medicine offering positions in their residency programs to eligible Applicants through the Application and Matching Program.
Match Participants: Any individual who is involved in any aspect of the Application and Matching Program.
Match Period: The ten (10) month period commencing on July 1 of each year.
Residency Programs: Postgraduate medical residency programs operated by a Canadian Faculty of Medicine that participates in a CaRMS match by offering residency positions to Applicants through the Application and Matching Program.
V. Roles and responsibilities
Association of Faculties of Medicine of Canada (AFMC)
The AFMC is the academic partnership of Canada’s Faculties of Medicine. The AFMC acts as the agent for the Faculties and will represent them for all purposes related to the services provided in the CaRMS-AFMC contract.The AFMC is responsible for ensuring faculty Match Participants are informed of their match obligations.
Canadian Resident Matching Service
(CaRMS)CaRMS is an independent, arms-length provider of a client-centred, fair, transparent, and equitable application and matching service for the review and confidential ranking of Applicants to one or more residency programs operated by the Canadian Faculties of Medicine. CaRMS shall maintain and make the Match Violations Policy (MVP) available to all Match Participants.
CaRMS Board of Directors
CaRMS is governed by a volunteer Board of Directors. The CaRMS Board is responsible for the ongoing management of the Violations Review Committee (VRC). It is also responsible for nominating the Joint Committee’s independent Chair and receiving reports from the Committee Chair as required.
Joint CaRMS Match Violations Policy Review Committee (Joint Committee)
The Joint Committee is responsible for developing the CaRMS Match Violations Policy (MVP). Members of the Joint Committee include representatives from learner organizations (i.e., the Canadian Federation of Medical Students (CFMS), Fédération médicale étudiante du Québec (FMEQ), Resident Doctors of Canada (RDoC), and Fédération des médecins résidents du Québec (FMRQ)), AFMC, and CaRMS. The Joint Committee will provide input and direction to the VRC through their oversight of the MVP used by the VRC in their governance over violations reported to CaRMS.
Violations Review Committee (VRC)
CaRMS’ VRC, comprised of the CaRMS Board’s Executive Committee, will investigate and adjudicate reported violations alleged to be contrary to the fair and proper operation of the Application and Matching Program in accordance with the MVP developed by the Joint Committee.
VI. Policy
General:
Participation in the Application and Matching Program requires the acceptance of a CaRMS contract and CaRMS Online Terms of Use and compliance with interview guidelines. CaRMS will investigate and take steps to resolve all alleged violations of such contracts/Terms of Use/interview guidelines, whether committed by Applicants, postgraduate Faculties or residency programs, or other Match Participants.
Violations and Sanctions:
APPLICANTS
Violations
Range of Possible Sanctions and Notifications
Failure to comply with the terms of the Applicant Contract or CaRMS Online Terms of Use.
Sanctions
If allegations of a violation are confirmed, the VRC may impose sanctions against the Match Participant, including:
A remedial caution;
Withdrawal from the current match;
Suspension or termination of access to CaRMS Online;
Exclusion from entry to subsequent CaRMS matches for up to two years;
Permanent exclusion from future CaRMS matches;
Such other actions as the VRC considers just and appropriate in the circumstances, and on a case-by-case basis.
Sanctions may be escalated where the Match Participant has previously been sanctioned by the VRC.
Notifications
The VRC may issue violation notifications to the following parties, where permitted by law:
Applicant’s school of graduation (Undergraduate Dean)
Applicant’s matched school of residency (Postgraduate Dean and Program Director)
Association of Faculties of Medicine of Canada (AFMC)
Canadian Faculties of Medicine
Canadian Federation of Medical Students (CFMS)
College of Family Physicians of Canada (CFPC)
The complainant
Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG) (if Applicant is an IMG)
Electronic Residency Application Service (ERAS)
Fédération des médecins résidents du Québec (FMRQ)
Fédération médicale étudiante du Québec (FMEQ)
Law enforcement agencies
Medical Council of Canada (MCC)
National Resident Matching Program (NRMP)
Privacy Commissioner
Provincial and territorial medical regulatory authorities
Resident Doctors of Canada (RDoC)
Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada (RCPSC)
And any additional parties as determined by the VRC and as permitted by law.
Failure to provide complete, timely, and accurate information within the Application.
Submission of altered, falsified or fraudulent information or documentation.
Discrepancies in graduation credentials.
Attempts to violate eligibility requirements.
Failure to protect the privacy of Match Participants or their match information/ documentation.
Failure to accept the results of a match and begin residency training by the stipulated date.
Failure to act in a professional or ethical manner.
POSTGRADUATE FACULTIES AND RESIDENCY PROGRAMS
Violations
Range of Possible Sanctions and Notifications
Failure to comply with the terms of the CaRMS-AFMC Contract.
Sanctions
If allegations of a violation are confirmed, the VRC may impose sanctions, including:
A remedial caution with a request for a report to be provided by faculties or programs on any educational quality assurance action plans implemented; followed by the VRC’s review of the report to ascertain whether the quality assurance action plan has resulted in adequate mitigation of the violation; and if necessary, a follow-up request by the VRC to the violator for additional/enhanced quality assurance action plan efforts and reporting;
Applicable training with proof of completion and ongoing compliance;
Withdrawal of the Program(s) from the current match;
Suspension or termination of access to CaRMS Online;
Internal or external audit with results, plan, and compliance reporting delivered on a pre-determined timeframe;
In those cases where the Match Participant has previously been sanctioned by the VRC, and continues to be reported for match violations, the VRC may choose to escalate sanctions with such other actions as the VRC considers just and appropriate in the circumstances and on a case-by-case basis.
Notifications
The VRC may issue violation notifications to the following parties, where permitted by law:
Association of Faculties of Medicine of Canada (AFMC)
Canadian Faculties of Medicine
Canadian Federation of Medical Students (CFMS)
College of Family Physicians of Canada (CFPC)
The complainant
Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG)
Electronic Residency Application Service (ERAS)
Faculty of Medicine Dean
Fédération des médecins résidents du Québec (FMRQ)
Fédération médicale étudiante du Québec (FMEQ)
Law enforcement agencies
Medical Council of Canada (MCC)
National Resident Matching Program (NRMP)
Postgraduate Dean
Privacy Commissioner
Program Director
Provincial and territorial medical regulatory authorities
Public posting on carms.ca
Resident Doctors of Canada (RDoC)
Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada (RCPSC)
Student Affairs
Undergraduate Dean
And any additional parties as determined by the VRC and as permitted by law.
Failure to include postgraduate residency training positions within each Faculty in the Application and Matching Program for the R-1 match, FM/EM match, MSM, and PSM, comprised of all accredited disciplines and enhanced skills for which there is a relevant match. Exceptionally, supplementary targeted training positions in accredited disciplines, to allow for such things as innovation in medicine and medical education, may be excluded from the Application and Matching Program.
Failure to offer appointments as required by the results of a match or offering appointments outside of the Application and Matching Program prior to Match Day or the completion of all match iterations.
Failure to abide by the AFMC approved Annual Faculty Timelines.
Failure to provide complete, timely, and accurate application requirements within Program Descriptions.
Failure to update the program’s accreditation status or changes to that status.
Failure to finalize the allocation of quota, reversions, Rank Order List (ROL) approval or match participation.
Failure to protect the privacy of Applicants or their match information/documentation.
Requesting documentation that is not sanctioned by the Faculty (e.g. formative evaluations) or outside of the online application (e.g. photos).
Failure to limit the use of Applicant information disclosed by CaRMS to the purposes of selecting Applicants for the Application and Matching Program.
Failure to destroy, delete, erase or convert Applicant information into an anonymous form when it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected.
Failure to abide by the interview guidelines, or applicable human rights legislation.
Failure to act in a professional or ethical manner.
OTHER MATCH PARTICIPANTS
Violations
Range of Possible Sanctions and Notifications
Failure to comply with applicable CaRMS contract or CaRMS Online Terms of Use.
Sanctions
If allegations of a violation are confirmed, the VRC may issue sanctions, which may include but are not limited to:
A remedial caution with a request for a report to be provided by match participants on any educational quality assurance action plans implemented; followed by the VRC’s review of the report to ascertain whether the quality assurance action plan has resulted in adequate mitigation of the violation; and if necessary, a follow-up request by the VRC to the violator for additional/enhanced quality assurance action plan efforts and reporting;
Applicable training with proof of completion and ongoing compliance;
Withdrawal of the Program(s) from the current match;
Suspension or termination of access to CaRMS Online;
Internal or external audit with results, plan, and compliance reporting delivered on a pre-determined timeframe;
Exclusion from entry to subsequent CaRMS matches for up to two years.
In those cases where the Match Participant has previously been sanctioned by the VRC, and continues to be reported for match violations, the VRC may choose to escalate sanctions with such other actions as the VRC considers just and appropriate in the circumstances and on a case-by-case basis.
Notifications
The VRC may issue violation notifications to the following parties, where permitted by law:
The accrediting body
Association of Faculties of Medicine of Canada (AFMC)
Canadian Faculties of Medicine
Canadian Federation of Medical Students (CFMS)
College of Family Physicians of Canada (CFPC)
The complainant
Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates (ECFMG)
Electronic Residency Application Service (ERAS)
Faculty of Medicine Dean
Fédération des médecins résidents du Québec (FMRQ)
Fédération médicale étudiante du Québec (FMEQ)
Law enforcement agencies
Medical Council of Canada (MCC)
National Resident Matching Program (NRMP)
Postgraduate Dean
Privacy Commissioner
Program Director
Provincial and territorial medical regulatory authorities
Public posting on carms.ca
Resident Doctors of Canada (RDoC)
Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada (RCPSC)
Student Affairs
Undergraduate Dean
And any additional parties as determined by the VRC and as permitted by law.
Submission of altered, falsified or fraudulent information or documentation.
Failure to abide by the Interview Guidelines, or applicable human rights legislation.
Attempts to violate eligibility requirements.
Failure to protect the privacy of Applicants or their match information/documentation.
Requesting documentation that is not sanctioned by the Faculty (e.g. formative evaluations) or outside of the online application (e.g. photos).
Failure to abide by the AFMC approved Annual Faculty Timelines.
Failure to act in a professional or ethical manner.
VII. Procedures
Reporting Procedures
Any person, including but not limited to: Applicants, program directors, postgraduate and undergraduate deans of medicine, and institutional officials may report suspected violations to CaRMS.
To report a suspected violation, contact CaRMS at:
CaRMS Violations Review Committee
171 Nepean Street, Suite 300
Ottawa, ON K2P 0B4
compliance@carms.ca
No investigation will be initiated until CaRMS has received written notification of the suspected violation.
Notifications must include:
(a) Your name and contact information
(b) The named match participant
(c) Your affiliation to the named match participant
(d) Details outlining the suspected violation
A request for anonymity will generally not be granted, except in the most exceptional circumstances.
CaRMS will acknowledge receipt of notifications within seven business days. CaRMS will make an effort to investigate the allegation(s) in a timely manner while ensuring accuracy and completeness of the process.
CaRMS is authorized to contact other individuals/institutions/organizations in the course of acquiring information about the suspected violation.
Review process
The CaRMS violations review process operates as follows:
Step one: A suspected violation is reported to the VRC.
Step two: An acknowledgement of receipt is sent to the complainant within seven business days.
Step three: Notification letters are prepared, and all parties identified as relevant to the suspected violation are requested to provide the VRC with their version of the incident in writing, and if necessary, their response to the allegations. Relevant supporting information, documentation and facts, are to be provided within 14 business days from the date of the request. Should responses not be received within 14 business days, the process may continue without the requested representations.
Step four: A preliminary report is prepared as soon as practicable, documenting the nature of the allegation and the results of the investigation for use during deliberation by the VRC. Copies of the preliminary report may be distributed to relevant parties, upon request, and at the approval of the VRC.Should the results of the investigation indicate that a violation has not occurred, the matter will be closed at this stage, with notification to relevant parties, as appropriate.The VRC maintains the discretion to remove an alleged violator from the match before issuance of the final report where the VRC believes it has credible evidence that a violation of the applicable CaRMS contract has occurred.
Step five: The VRC will review the preliminary report and any additional submissions. The VRC will then issue a final report outlining their decision and, if applicable, the sanction.
Timeframe: The VRC strives to complete the review process in a timely manner. As each case is unique a specific timeframe cannot be guaranteed, but to act as a general guideline:
Parties involved will be notified once the investigation is completed, with notice of the VRC review meeting date,
Parties involved can expect the VRC’s final report within 45 business days of the completed investigation notification.
VIII. Appeals
Appeals of VRC final reports can be made only on the basis of:
(a) Discovery of new evidence deemed to be critical to the VRC’s understanding of the case in question;
and/or
(b) Alleged serious misunderstandings by the VRC of evidence already reviewed leading to the final report.
The VRC final report appeal process is as follows:
The appellant(s) (the participant(s) named as complainant(s) or violator(s) in the VRC final report in question) complete(s) and submit(s) an “Appeal of a VRC Final Report” form to the CaRMS Board of Directors (“the Board”) c/o compliance@carms.ca within 30 business days following the date of issue of the VRC final report.
The Board sends acknowledgment of receipt of an appeal within seven business days.
The Board will strive to review the appeal and communicate their decision to the relevant parties within 30 business days following the date of issue of the appeal receipt acknowledgment.
All decisions of the Board concerning appeals will be final.
Accessible customer service policy
Accessible customer service policy
This Accessibility Standards for Customer Service policy governs CaRMS’ provision of goods and services to members of the public or other third parties in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA) and the Accessibility Standards for Customer Service, which aims to establish accessibility standards for people with disabilities. This policy details CaRMS’ commitment to ensuring that we provide accessible customer service to people with various kinds of disabilities and respects the core principles of independence, dignity, integration and equal opportunity.
Policy
1.0 Core principles
CaRMS will strive to ensure that the provision of goods and services are consistent with the principles of dignity, independence, integration, and equal opportunity by:
a. Dignity – Providing goods and services in a manner that respects the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities;
b. Independence – Accommodating a person’s disability by respecting their right to do for themselves and to choose the way they wish to receive goods and services.
c. Integration – Providing goods and services so that persons with disabilities are able to fully benefit from the same services, in the same location, and in the same or similar way as persons without disabilities, unless an alternative measure is necessary or requested; and
d. Equal opportunity – Giving people with disabilities the same opportunity equal to that of persons without disabilities to obtain, use or benefit from CaRMS’ goods and services.
2.0 Use of assistive devices
Personal assistive devices are permitted and unrestricted on CaRMS premises, except if they are a hazard to the health and safety of the person with the disability and/or others. CaRMS will train, on an ongoing basis, current and future employees in the use of various assistive devices and related policies. The provision, use and safety of personal assistive devices are the responsibility of the person with the disability.
3.0 Communication
When communicating with a person with a disability, CaRMS will do so in a manner that takes into account the person’s disability. CaRMS will accommodate communication requests for accommodations, such as real time interpreters, website text readers, etc.
4.0 Use of service animals and support persons
4.1 Service animals
Persons with disabilities who are accompanied by guide dogs or other service animals will be permitted to enter CaRMS’ premises that are open to the public with the animal and will be allowed to keep the animal with them, unless the animal is otherwise excluded by law. If a service animal is excluded by law, CaRMS will ensure that other means are available within reasonable time and location to provide persons with a disability access to CaRMS services.
If it is not readily apparent that the animal is a service animal, CaRMS may ask the person with a disability for verification confirming the animal’s duty.
It is the responsibility of the person with the disability to ensure the safety of the service animal and that the service animal is kept in control at all times.
4.2 Support persons
CaRMS welcomes support persons who are accompanying persons with disabilities, the support person should be hired or chosen by the person with the disability to accompany them in order to assist in accessing goods or services and/or for the purposes of providing support with mobility, personal assistance, and/or communication.
CaRMS may require a person with a disability to be accompanied by a support person while on the CaRMS’ premises in situations where it is deemed necessary to support the health and safety of the person with the disability and/or others.
When support persons are required for CaRMS sponsored meetings and/or events, the person with a disability will be required to provide his or her own support person. If there are fees associated with the meeting and/or event, the support person will not be charged the regular fee. Advance notice of said fees will be provided if such circumstances exist.
5.0 Notice of temporary disruptions
CaRMS will make reasonable efforts to provide notice to persons with disabilities in the event of a planned or unexpected disruption of the facilities or services usually provided to people with disabilities. If the disruption is anticipated, CaRMS will provide a reasonable amount of advance notice of the disruption. If the disruption is unexpected, notice will be provided as soon as possible.
The notice will include information about the reason for the disruption, its anticipated duration, and a description of alternative facilities or services, if available.
The notice will be posted on CaRMS website, or another method that is reasonable given the circumstances.
6.0 Training
CaRMS will provide training to all employees, contractors and third parties who deal with the public on behalf of CaRMS, and all those who are involved in the development of CaRMS’ policies, practices and procedures concerning the provision of goods and services to the public or other third parties.
Training will include the following:
a. A review of purposes of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the requirements of the customer service standard;
b. Instructions on how to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities;
c. Instructions on how to interact with people with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or a support person;
d. Information about the equipment or devices available on CaRMS’ premises that may help with the provision of goods and services to persons with disabilities;
e. What to do if a person with a disability is having problems accessing CaRMS’ goods and services; and
f. A review of CaRMS’ policies, practices and procedures relating to the provision of goods and services to persons with disabilities.
Current employees will be trained before January 1, 2012 and new employees or those who commence new duties, will be trained as soon as possible. Additionally, applicable employees will receive training when there are changes to policies, practices or procedures that relate to the provision of goods and services to persons with disabilities.
The human resources department will keep records of training; outlining who has been trained, what type of training has been provided and the date the training took place.
7.0 Feedback process
CaRMS is committed to providing high quality goods and services to all members of the public that we serve, including customers with disabilities. Comments on how well CaRMS achieves this goal are welcomed and appreciated, as feedback may identify areas that require change and will assist in continuous service improvement.
Feedback can be made by telephone, in person, in writing, or via email. CaRMS will make best efforts to provide a response in the same format in which the feedback was received.
Please direct feedback to the Human Resources Manager, at:
Mail:
Canadian Resident Matching Service (CaRMS)
171 Nepean Street, Suite 300
Ottawa, Ontario
K2P 0B4
Phone: 1.877.227.6742
Email: hr@carms.ca
Please note that an appointment is required for in-person service.
Privacy will be respected, in accordance with CaRMS’ privacy policy and all feedback will be reviewed. A response to feedback will be provided within 30 business days. Feedback and/or responses will be delivered in a format that is accessible to the complainant.
8.0 Notice of availability of documents
All documents required by the Accessibility Standards for Customer Service, including CaRMS’ policies, practices and procedures governing accessible customer service; documents on the use of service animals and support persons; notices of temporary disruptions; and documents regarding CaRMS’ feedback process, are available upon request. CaRMS’ Accessible Customer Service Policy governing the provision of goods and services for people with disabilities will be posted on CaRMS’ website.
9.0 Format of documents
If CaRMS is required to provide a copy of any document available under the Accessibility Standards for Customer Service to a person with a disability, CaRMS will provide the document, or the information contained within the document, in a format that takes into account the person’s disability. Alternatively, CaRMS and the person with the disability may agree on an alternate format for the document or information.
If an alternate format is required, please contact the Human Resources Manager.
Definitions
Accessible: Means obtainable, usable, readable, audible, visible, understandable, clear, able to be entered and exited, flexible, etc. To be accessible to all people, a variety of accessibility plans are necessary. Ensuring inclusive practices will ensure that all goods and services can be accessed by a larger audience.
Alternative formats: Refers to alternate ways to provide goods and services. This may be through forms of communication such as speech or writing, or methods such as in person or over the phone. Other examples are large print, electronic text, Braille, sign language, communication devices, media caption, etc.
Assistive device: Any piece of equipment a person with a disability uses to help him or her with daily living. Personal assistive devices include, but are not limited to: walkers, wheelchairs, hearing aids, canes or speech amplification devices.
Disability: (a) Any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation, or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth defect or illness; (b) a condition of mental impairment or a developmental disability; (c) a learning disability, or a dysfunction in one or more of the processes involved in understanding or using symbols or spoken language; (d) a mental disorder; or (e) an injury or disability for which benefits were claimed or received under the insurance plan established under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, 1997.
Guide dog: A dog trained as a guide for a blind person and having the qualifications prescribed by the regulations under the Blind Persons’ Rights Act.
Service animal: Any animal used by a person with a disability where it is readily apparent that the animal is used by the person for reasons relating to his or her disability; or where the person provides a letter from a physician confirming that the person requires the animal for reasons relating to his or her disability.
Support person: A person who accompanies a person with a disability in order to help him or her with daily tasks, such as communication, mobility, personal care or medical needs or with access to goods and services. The support person may be a paid support worker, a volunteer, a friend or family member; the support person does not need to have special training or qualifications.
This policy may be made available in alternative formats upon request.
Social media policy
Social media policy
BY POSTING ON ANY CANADIAN RESIDENT MATCHING SERVICE (CaRMS) SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS.
Visitors to CaRMS social media pages are permitted to share, post, comment, like and flag content posted on these pages in accordance with these terms and conditions, CaRMS’ terms of use and the applicable third-party platform (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, YouTube) terms and conditions.
Your comments and posts should be relevant to CaRMS services and/or to other content posted on the CaRMS social media page visited. You are encouraged to stay on topic in a given thread and respect others who interact with CaRMS’ social media pages.
CaRMS encourages you to submit your questions, comments and concerns; however, CaRMS social media pages are considered moderated sites and not public forums.
Once posted, CaRMS reserves the right to delete submissions that contain:
(i) vulgar language;
(ii) personal/corporate attacks of any kind;
(iii) offensive comments that target or disparage.
Further, CaRMS also reserves the right to delete comments that are:
(i) spam or include links to other sites;
(ii) clearly off topic;
(iii) advocate illegal activity;
(iv) promote services, products or political organizations;
(v) infringe on copyrights or trademarks;
(vi) include personally identifiable information.
We reserve the right to monitor, block, delete or discontinue your access to any of the CaRMS social media pages, at any time, without notice and for any reason and in our sole discretion.
By posting any content on any of the CaRMS social media pages, you grant to us the irrevocable right to reproduce, distribute, publish and display such content and the right to create derivative works from your content, edit or modify such content and use such content for any CaRMS purpose.
To remain in compliance, we suggest that you review this policy, as well as the other website policies, at regular intervals. By continuing to use after such new terms are posted, you accept and agree to any and all such modifications to this policy.
Please note that the comments expressed on CaRMS social media pages do not reflect CaRMS. If you have any questions concerning the operation of CaRMS social media pages, please contact LetUsKnow@carms.ca.
CaRMS Online browser support policy
CaRMS Online browser support policy
CaRMS no longer supports the use of Microsoft Internet Explorer (IE) versions 8, 9 and 10. Browsers older than IE 11 are no longer supported by Microsoft and could have vulnerabilities that would compromise data security.
We continue to support IE 11, as well as the most recent versions of Chrome, Firefox and Safari. These three browsers update automatically or push update notifications to users so no manual updating is required.
User group
Supported browsers for PC
Supported browsers for Mac
Applicants
Chrome*
Firefox
Internet Explorer 11
Chrome*
Safari
Program users, file reviewers, undergraduate offices and referees
Chrome*
Firefox
Internet Explorer 9, 10, 11**
Chrome*
Safari
*Recommended for best user experience.
**If you are using Internet Explorer 10, we recommend activating “Compatibility view” under “Tools” in the browser settings for best performance.
FAQs
What do we mean “supported browsers”?
If a browser is “supported” it means we test all system functionality in that browser and fix any issues we find. We will not block users from using unsupported browsers, but we may not be able to fix problems users encounter when accessing CaRMS Online on an unsupported browser.
What does this mean for CaRMS Online users?
If you can, upgrade to one of the supported browsers (Chrome, Firefox , Safari, or IE 11). We recommend Chrome for the best user experience.
If you work in an institutional environment, we encourage you to share this information with your IT team.
Users will still be able to access CaRMS Online on unsupported browsers, but we may be unable to resolve any issues found to occur exclusively in unsupported versions of IE. However, because our first priority is always our clients, we will continue to work with users to ensure access to critical features.
Why are different browsers supported for different user groups?
We’ve analyzed the browsers our various client groups use to access CaRMS Online, and we’ve found that certain groups have limited access or ability to upgrade to more modern browsers. We’ve tailored our support model to take these limitations into account.
Have a concern?
Contact us at LetUsKnow@carms.ca so we can work with you to make sure you can continue to access CaRMS Online in a way that works for you.
Applicant release policy
Applicant release policy
As per the terms and conditions of the CaRMS Applicant and AFMC service contracts, all matches are legally binding.
This binding commitment requires the applicant to accept an appointment to a Residency Program if a match results.  The Residency Program must correspondingly offer an appointment if a match results and the applicant meets the licensing requirements of the applicable provincial/territorial medical regulatory authority.
However, Residency Programs may release an applicant from their binding commitment should they meet both conditions listed below:
An exceptional applicant circumstance, such as:
Demonstrated applicant hardship
Failure to complete the pre-assessment period prior to the residency training start date (IMGs only)
Unable to obtain an educational license/certificate/permit/registration from the applicable provincial MRA by the residency training start date
Unable to obtain an MD by the residency training start date
The applicant has completed 45 days or less of residency training. An applicant cannot be released (and considered eligible for the current or future first iterations of the R-1 Main Residency Match) if they have more than 45 days of residency training. For example, if CaRMS receives a release letter 90 days after an applicant’s residency training start date, but the applicant only completed 45 days or less of residency training in that period (which could be due to leaves or any interruption to their training), they will still meet the requirement as the time elapsed does not count.
After 45 days of residency training, a release form will not be accepted by CaRMS.
If an applicant nevertheless withdraws from a Residency Program after 45 days of residency training, the applicant will be considered to have postgraduate training and will not be permitted to participate in any current or future first iterations of the R-1 Main Residency Match.
Applicants with more than 45 days of residency training may be eligible to participate in the second iteration of the R-1 Main Residency Match.
A release form is completed solely at the discretion of the PGME office/Residency Program and CaRMS will not intervene regarding the request or completion of the form.
Release forms must be submitted to operations@carms.ca using the Applicant Release Form.
Please note:
Matched applicants who do not meet the conditions outlined above and who have not met their match obligation should be reported to violations@carms.ca. For further match violation and procedural information please see the Match Violations Policy section on carms.ca.
Applicants cannot apply for, discuss, interview for, or accept a position in another program until a release has been confirmed by CaRMS.
Programs cannot discuss, interview for, or offer the matched position to an applicant until a release has been confirmed by CaRMS.
The responsibility rests with the applicant to demonstrate to their matched PGME office/Residency Program the extent of their unanticipated extreme hardship.
If a release form is submitted to and confirmed by CaRMS, an applicant may participate in a current or future first iteration of the R-1 Main Residency Match, should they meet all other eligibility criteria.
CaRMS is permitted to inform PGME offices/Residency Programs of applicant releases, should a question arise as to why an applicant with postgraduate training is participating in the first iteration of the R-1 match.
Applicant contracts
Applicant contracts
All applicants must agree to the applicant contract to participate in a CaRMS match. This document outlines applicants’ obligations, as well as those of CaRMS, throughout the match process.
See the applicant contract
Applicants participating in the post-match process (PMP) for the R-1 Main Residency Match or Family Medicine/Emergency Medicine Match must also agree to the PMP contract. The PMP contract outlines the obligations of both applicants and CaRMS during this process.
See the PMP contract
1.877.227.6742
help@carms.ca
About us
Terms of use
Policies
© 2020 CaRMS. All rights reserved.
Start typing and press Enter to search