https://www.gcrn.org.uk/terms-and-conditions-for-website-usage/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content
Home
About GCRN
About GCRN
Who Are GCRN
Our History
Affiliations
Membership
Membership
Member Benefits
What is Naturopathy
What is Naturopathy
Naturopathic Principles
Why Choose a GCRN-Registered Naturopath?
Who Sees a Naturopath?
How Does Naturopathy Differ From Conventional Medicine?
How Does Naturopathy Compare To Conventional Medicine?
Accreditation
FAQs
Find a Naturopath
Contact Us
Events
Members’ Login
Journal
Welcome to the website of the General Council and Register of Naturopaths. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the General Council and Register of Naturopaths’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘General Council and Register of Naturopaths (GCRN)’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is  Lytchett House, 13 Freeland Park, Wareham Road, Lytchett Matravers, Poole, Dorset, BH16 6FA. Our company registration number is 00777223 at Companies House, Cardiff. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: name and email address.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Data protection and privacy policy
Any information that you provide to us about yourself will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. Where the GCRN has disclosed information regarding individuals it has done so in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Osteopaths Act 1993, including those statutory instruments made thereunder, and in accordance with other relevant legislation. Data Protection Registration Number: Z3137030
As we may update this policy from time to time, you are advised to check these pages regularly to ensure you know what our up-to-date policy is.
Requests for information
You have the right to request a copy of any personal information the GCRN holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Requests for disclosure of information in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998 should be made in writing to:
The Registrar
General Council and Register of Naturopaths
Lytchett House,
13 Freeland Park,
Wareham Road,
Lytchett Matravers,
Poole,
Dorset,
BH16 6FA
We will ask for confirmation of identity before we provide any personal information and we may, as permitted by the Data Protection Act, charge a fee of £10 to cover administrative costs.
Under the Freedom of Information Act 2000 the GCRN maintains a publication scheme (“the Scheme”) so that information can be made available to the public. The Scheme has been approved by the information commissioner and follows the standard format used by health regulatory bodies in the United Kingdom. The Scheme will be regularly reviewed.
Information about you:
There are times when you may provide us with information about yourself, such as your name, address or email address:
if you send us a query by email, or provide feedback or respond to a consultation via the website, we will be aware of your email address and your name, if you include it;
if you use the enquiry form on the Contact us page, we ask you to give your name, phone number and email address;
if you respond to a consultation, we will be aware of your email address and we may ask you to provide your name as well;
if you ask for an electronic document or publication, we will need your name and email address; and
if you request a printed document or publication we will need your name and postal address.
We will use this information primarily to enable us to respond to your request or feedback; we may also retain the information and your query or feedback to help us monitor use of the website in order to ensure that we are providing the best service we can.
If you are responding to a consultation we will retain your response, as your views will be taken into account in producing the final outcome of the consultation.
If you do not wish us to retain your name, address or email address after we have responded to you, you should tell us so when you contact us.
We will not make any personal information available to a third party (another organisation or person outside the GCRN), unless required to do so by law, but we may use anonymous information about your enquiry or feedback in monitoring or reporting on the use of the website. For instance, in reports we may include information about the number and types of enquiry received through the website.
We will take reasonable precautions to ensure the security of your personal information; however, we cannot guarantee the safety of information sent over the Internet.
The Register of Naturopaths
Under the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998, the reproduction and use of names and addresses on this website for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited.