http://www.overlakehospital.org/language-assistance-policy
Skip to main content
Language Assistance Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Share
Copy Link
Overlake Hospital Medical Center and Overlake Medical Clinics comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. Overlake Hospital Medical Center and Overlake Medical Clinics do not exclude people or treat them differently because of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex.
Overlake Medical Center & Clinics provides free aids and services to people with disabilities to communicate effectively with us, such as:
Qualified sign language interpreters.
Written information in other formats (large print, audio, accessible electronic formats, other formats).
Provides free language services to people whose primary language is not English, such as:
Qualified interpreters.
Information written in other languages.
If you need these services, contact the Overlake Medical Center & Clinics Patient Advocate.
If you believe that Overlake Hospital Medical Center and Overlake Medical Clinics have failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex, you can file a grievance with:
Overlake Medical Center & Clinics
Attn: Patient Advocate
1035 116th Ave NE
Bellevue, WA 98004
Phone: (425) 688-5191
Email: patient.action@overlakehospital.org
You can file a grievance in person or by mail, fax, or email. If you need help filing a grievance, the Overlake Hospital Medical Center Patient Advocate is available to help you.
You can also file a civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf, or by mail or phone at:
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
200 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 509F, HHH Building
Washington, D.C. 20201
Phone: (800) 368-1019, (800) 537-7697 (TDD)
Complaint forms are available at http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html.
Subscribe to Healthy Outlook
Email
Your privacy is important to us. Submission of this form is subject to our online privacy policy.