http://www.tsbp.state.tx.us/privacy.htm
Home
Consumers
Prescription Drugs
Controlled Drugs
Generic Drugs
Prescriptions
Pharmacists
The Board of Pharmacy
Complaint Process
Choosing a Pharmacy
Important Information
Applicants
Apply for an Individual License
Apply for a Pharmacy (Facility) License
Disclosure of Criminal History
Schedule Your Fingerprint Session
Print Your Certificate
Licensees
Update or Renew - Individual License
Update or Renew - Pharmacy (Facility) License
Continuing Education
Practice Resources
Print Your Certificate
Texas PMP
AWARxE
Official Prescription CII Form
Clearinghouse
PMP Resources
NarxCare
Statewide Integration
LEAP - Law Enforcement Access Portal
PAP - Patient Access Program
Resources
TSBP Rules Queue
Laws and Rules
Newsletter
Practice Resources
Continuing Education
Social Media
COVID-19
Laws & Rules
Pharmacy Act
Pharmacy Rules
Other Laws & Rules
Rule Changes
About
Mission
Board Members
Board Meetings
Committee Meetings
History
Staff
Reports
Calendar
Careers with TSBP
Contact Us
Contact
Contact
Search
Customer Service Survey
Categories
Pharmacy Laws & Rules
Continuing Education
Training/Informational Videos
License Renewals
Print Your Certificate
Change of Name, Address, or Employment
Open Records Requests
Complaint Process
COVID-19 Resources
En Español
NEWS
Newsletter
Board Meeting Information
Frequently Accessed Information
Apply
Renew
Update Your Info
Internet Privacy Policy
The Texas State Board of Pharmacy (TSBP) maintains this Web-site as a public
service. The following is the privacy policy for this site (all pages starting with
www.pharmacy.texas.gov).
Use of Information on the TSBP Web-site
Information presented on this site is considered public information and may be
distributed or copied without permission. Use of appropriate byline credit is requested.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The Texas State Board of Pharmacy analyzes server logs for statistical purposes only and does not use this information to personally identify users. Information and comments collected from web forms are subject to public disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act. Non-governmental email addresses are not subject to disclosure unless the affected member of the public affirmatively consents to the disclosure of his or her e-mail address. An individual is entitled, upon request, to the following:
Know if information has been collected about that individual; The receipt and review of the information collected under sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Government Code; The correction of inaccurate information under section 559.004 of the Government Code. All of the above are subject to any applicable exceptions.
E-Mail
Questions or comments sent to TSBP through an electronic mail message will be
maintained and used by TSBP to respond to the message. Your message may be redirected to
another government agency or person who is in a better position to answer your question.
The information collected will be maintained in accordance with the Texas records
retention laws (Government Code, Section 441.180 et seq.) and rules. In addition, the
information collected may be subject to public disclosure under the Texas Public
Information Act (Government Code, Chapter 552).
Security, Intrusion, Detection Language
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all
users, this government computer system may be required to employ software programs to
monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information,
or otherwise cause damage. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other
attempts will be made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs
would be used for no other purposes and would be scheduled for regular destruction in
accordance with the procedures of the Texas State Library and Archives Commission.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are
strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Texas Penal Code Chapters 33 (Computer
Crimes) or 33A (Telecommunications Crimes).
Legal Notice
This site may point or link to other Internet sites located on servers maintained by
third parties, which may be of interest to the site visitor. The Texas State Board of
Pharmacy makes no representations or warranty of any kind as to accuracy or any other
aspect of the information contained on such Internet site.
The visitor uses this site and information provided on this site "as is,"
without warranty of any kind. The Texas State Board of Pharmacy makes no warranties,
either express or implied, regarding the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the
information provided on this site. The Texas State Board of Pharmacy does not warrant the
results obtained from the use, if any, of information contained within this site.
Web Analytics Data
TSBP uses Google Analytics to measure traffic on our websites. Review the Google Analytics Terms of Use or learn more about how Google uses, collects, and processes analytics data. TSBP's websites collect and store information each time you access them to enable us to measure the total number of visitors, and certain non-personal statistical information. This helps us make our websites more accessible and useful to visitors.
If you browse through our sites reading, printing, or downloading information, no sensitive information and no confidential information about you is collected.
The information we collect when you visit TSBP's sites consists of:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you are accessing the site(s)
The domain name of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) you are using to access the site(s) (e.g. Comcast.net or TimeWarnerCable.com)
The date and time you visited the site(s)
The web pages or services you accessed at the site(s)
About Us
The Texas State Board of Pharmacy is the state agency responsible for the licensing/registration of Texas pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, and pharmacies; for establishing regulations for pharmacy practice; and for disciplining licensees and registrants. Look here for information about the Board's mission,
Compact with Texans, policies and guidelines, members, staff, public information reports, statutes, meeting agendas,
calendar of events and more.
Policies and Links
Open Records Policy
Accessibility
Social Media Policy
Privacy Policy
TSBP Leave Policy
Compact with Texans
State Expenditures
Report Fraud
Contact Information
William P. Hobby Building
Tower 3, Suite 500
333 Guadalupe Street
Austin, Tx 78701
Directory of Email Addresses
Driving & Parking Directions
Phone: (512) 305-8000
Fax: (512) 305-8082
Licensing :
(512) 305-8075(fax)
Open Records :
(512) 305-6778(fax) OpenRecords@pharmacy.texas.gov
Complaints: (800) 821-3205*
* voice mail for complaint referrals
Useful Links
Pharmacists
Pharmacies
Technicians
Interns
Copyright 2014 - TSBP