http://www.reddingdermatology.com/policies
Policies
Redding Derm
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
reddingderm.com
is an online information and communications service (the "Service"). Use of the Service is governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Service. Throughout this Agreement, Redding Derm is referred to as "we" or "us."
General Terms and Conditions
Your access and use of this site and its services bind you to this Agreement. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of Use for this site, you may not use the site or its services.
We may modify this Agreement at any time. Any modifications made to this Agreement will be effective immediately upon posting on the site. By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement as posted on the Service at the time of your access or use. You agree to review the Agreement posted on the Service each time you use the Service so that you are aware of any modifications made to this Agreement.
Disclaimer
THE SERVICE AND ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. THAT MEANS THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SERVICE IS INTENDED FOR GENERAL CONSUMER UNDERSTANDING AND EDUCATION. ANY ACCESS TO THIS SITE IS VOLUNTARY. WE WILL REGARD ALL ACCESS AS VOLUNTARY AND AT THE SOLE RISK OF THE USER.
This site and its services are for consumer educational use only. Nothing contained in this site is or should be considered, or used as a substitute for, medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. The services provided on this site are here to educate consumers on health care and medical issues that may affect their daily lives. This site and its services do not constitute the practice of any medical, nursing or other professional health care advice, diagnosis or treatment.
Because of the designated purpose of this site and the services it provides, you agree that reddingderm.com does not constitute a service that targets any one community, user group, business or industry. Because the site is designed for educational purposes, you also agree that it does not constitute "doing business" in any specific jurisdiction or soliciting business for us or any of our affiliated companies, subsidiaries or our parent company or establishing "minimum contacts" with any jurisdiction outside of the state of California.
We advise users to always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions regarding personal health or medical conditions. Never disregard, avoid or delay in obtaining medical advice from your doctor or other qualified health care provider because of something you have read on this site. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem or condition, please contact a qualified health care professional immediately. If you are in the United States and are experiencing a medical emergency, please call 911 or call for emergency medical help on the nearest telephone.
We do not operate, control, supply, endorse, warrant or guarantee any information, products, services or merchandise that is not clearly identified as information, products, services or merchandise supplied by us. We also do not warrant or guarantee that files available for downloading through the Service will be free of infections or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that contains contaminating or destructive properties.
We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant against errors, omissions, delays, interruptions or losses, including loss of data. Users of this site are responsible for maintaining a means external to reddingderm.com for the reconstruction of any lost data.
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this site, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
Warranties and limitation of liability
WE DO NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, OR ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE, OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCT, SERVICE, MERCHANDISE OR OTHER MATERIAL PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, TIMELINESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, MERCHANDISE OR OTHER MATERIAL PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE.
WE ARE NOT LIABLE TO ANY USER OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DECISION MADE OR ACTION TAKEN BY BASED ON RELIANCE UPON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE.
Users' Agreement
Users will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type that infringes or violates any rights of any party.
Users will not use this site for any purpose in violation of local, state, national or international laws.
Users will not use this site as a means to distribute advertising or other unsolicited material to any third party.
Users will not post material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by us in our sole discretion.
Users will not impersonate another person.
Users will not hold us liable for damages including (but not limited to) loss of wages, revenue or business because of any services related to or provided by this site. The sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the services of this site will be to stop using the Service.
Users will indemnify us, and any of our successors, assigns or licensees, together with any of their respective officers, directors and employees, against any damages, losses, liabilities, judgments, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of a claim by a third party relating to use of the Service, or any breach or violation of this Agreement or any other term or condition contained on the Service.
Users agree to comply with all user responsibilities and obligations as stated in these Terms of Service.
Users' Representations
All site users represent and warrant that they are at least 18 years of age and that they possess the legal right and ability to agree to these Terms of Service and to use this site in accordance with these Terms of Service.
Conflict Resolution
You agree that this Agreement is entered into between you and us in the State of California, United States of America, and is performed within the State of California and governed by and shall be construed in all respects under the laws of the State of California, exclusive of its choice of law or conflict of laws provisions. In any claim or action by you directly or indirectly arising under this Agreement or related to the Service, you and we each irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the California State District Court sitting in Shasta County, California, or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, then you and we each irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the United States Court for the State of California, and whichever of those two courts has jurisdiction, you and we each waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such court.
If any of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be not enforceable by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, then such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us relating to the access and use of the site and any of its services. This Agreement may not be modified, in whole or in part, except as described elsewhere in this Agreement. Anything contained on the Service inconsistent with or conflicting with the terms of this Agreement is superseded by the terms of this Agreement.
Termination of Services
If you violate these Terms and Conditions of Use, your use of this site will terminate. We may notify you that you have breached the Agreement. We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your access to this site, or any portion thereof, or discontinue providing the site, or any portion thereof. These actions are in addition to and not in lieu or limitation of any other right or remedy we may have available at law. Further, we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any such termination or discontinuance.
General
We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our services, and operation of this site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. You agree that these Terms and Conditions of Use and all incorporated agreements between us and you may be automatically assigned by us, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger, acquisition or liquidation.
Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others of these Terms and Conditions of Use does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. These Terms and Conditions of Use set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us and any site user with respect to the site, its uses and services.
Copyright and Trademarks
The mark, "Redding Derm", "reddingderm.com" and the Redding Derm logo are trademarks and service marks of Redding Dermatology Medical Group, Inc.
The materials on the site are copyrighted by us and/or other applicable rights holders. You may download and reprint a single copy of the materials from the Service for your own personal, noncommercial use only, provided you include all applicable notices and disclaimers. Any other use of the materials is strictly prohibited without our prior written permission and the permission of the applicable rights holder(s).
Use of Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that some Web sites store on your computer's hard drive when you visit them. We use cookies to provide us with information relating to the sources of our site traffic. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so that you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis. Our site requires that cookies, JavaScript and Java Applets be enabled. If you reject cookies from our site, some parts of our site may not work properly.
Our sponsors and advertisers and their Ad Servers may use cookies when you view pages on our site. They use those cookies to collect nonpersonal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising. We do not control these third parties' use of cookies or how they manage the nonpersonal information they gather through them. However, our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on reddingderm.com. If you click on an advertisement on reddingderm.com and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
Some Ad Servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies. To do so, you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site. You can opt out of cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site. At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those Ad Servers.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about the Service, please contact us at: webmaster@reddingderm.com.
Privacy Policy
reddingderm.com is committed to protecting your online privacy. We feel it is important for you to know how we handle the information we receive from you via the Internet. You can visit reddingderm.com without revealing any personal information. However, you are required to provide an e-mail address to contact us via email for additional information. We do not share your email address.
How we and our affiliates collect and use personal information
reddingderm.com may contain links to Web sites operated by third parties. reddingderm.com has no control over the privacy policies and practices of such third party sites, and if you have any concerns, you are urged to review the terms of those sites for more information about the policies applicable to those sites.
IP Addresses
We collect and log the IP address of all visitors to reddingderm.com. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. IP addresses allow computers and servers to recognize and communicate with one another. We collect IP address information so that we can properly administer our system and gather aggregate information about how our site is being used, including the pages visitors are viewing. This aggregate information may be shared with advertisers, sponsors and other businesses. To maintain your anonymity, we do not associate IP addresses with records containing personal information. We will use IP address information, however, to personally identify you in order to enforce our legal rights or when required to do so by law enforcement authorities.
How we use cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that some Web sites store on your computer's hard drive when you visit them. Like many other Web sites, reddingderm.com uses cookies to provide us with information relating to the sources of our site traffic. Collecting this information, however, does not allow us to personally identify you.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so that you can approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis. Our site requires that both cookies and JavaScript be enabled. If you reject cookies from our site, some parts of the site may not work properly for you.
How we protect your personal information
Once your data reach our servers, state-of-the art security software protects your data.
In addition to using secure technology, we de-identify all data before they are used in any aggregate reporting that may be done.
What we provide to third parties
Except as noted above for surveys, reddingderm.com does not provide any third party access to your IP address and e-mail address.
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic patterns and related site information. These data reflect site-usage patterns gathered during visits to our Web site each month, but they do not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information.
Our sponsors and advertisers and their Ad Servers may use cookies when you view pages on our site. They use those cookies to collect nonpersonal information as a way of measuring the effectiveness of their advertising, or to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you or to avoid running the same ads to you over time. We do not control these third parties' use of cookies or how they manage the nonpersonal information they gather through them. However, our sponsors and advertisers have agreed that they will not collect any personally identifiable information from our site visitors while they are on reddingderm.com. If you click on an advertisement on reddingderm.com and visit a site maintained by one of our sponsors or advertisers, please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of that site. You should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may be collecting about you.
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative. Some Ad Servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies. To do so, you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site. You can opt out of cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway opt-out site. At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those Ad Servers.
Aggregate Information
We use general traffic, site usage and length-of-stay information in reports to advertisers and firms with which we have a business relationship. This sort of information is shared only in aggregate and does not personally identify you.
Children's Privacy
This site is intended for adults age 18 and older. It is not intended for or designed to attract people under the age of 18. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know to be under the age of 18.
E-mail Communications, Newsletter and Related Services
E-mail communication that you send to us via the e-mail links on our site may be shared with a Customer Service representative, employee, medical expert or agent that is most able to address your inquiry. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received. Once we have responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the nature of the inquiry.
The e-mail functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. It's possible that your e-mail communication may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user while in transit to us. If you wish to keep your communication private, do not use our e-mail.
You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site. To stop receiving communications, send an e-mail message to unsubscribe@reddingderm.com or send regular mail to the following postal address:
Redding Derm
2107 Airpark Drive
Redding, CA 96001
Complaint Process
If you have a complaint or problem, or if you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may e-mail us by clicking the "Contact us" link at the bottom of any page. Your complaint will be forwarded to the appropriate person for response or resolution. If you don't receive adequate resolution of a privacy-related problem, you may write to Redding Derm at:
Redding Derm
2107 Airpark Drive
Redding, CA 96001
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy policy. You will see the word "updated" followed by the date next to the Privacy policy link near the bottom of all pages on the site. If the "updated" date has changed since you last visited, you're encouraged to review the policy to be informed of how this site is protecting your information.
Redding Derm Home /
Policies