https://www.iowaagriculture.gov/privacyStatement.asp
Site Search
Home
What We Do
Divisions
Bureaus
Programs
Secretary of Ag
Forms & Licenses
Soil Conservation
Careers
Regulations
Publications
Who to Contact
Boards-Commissions
Export Certificates
Administrative Rules -IDALS
Administrative Rules -Soil
Designed 2018
The Iowa Department of
Agriculture and Land Stewardship. All Rights Reserved.
(515) 281- 5633 Web Administrator
(515) 281- 5633 Web Designer
(515) 281- 5321 General Information
The documents on this World-Wide Web
site are for informational purposes only and the information herein is subject
to change without notice.
The Iowa Department of Agriculture
does not provide any warranties covering and specifically disclaims any
liability in connection with this document.
Warranties and Disclaimers
This publication is provided
"as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied,
including, but not  limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.  The Department of
Agriculture and Land Stewardship assumes no responsibility for errors or
omissions in the publication or other documents which are referenced by or
linked to the publication.  References to corporation, their services and
products, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either
expressed or implied.  In no event shall the Department of Agriculture and
Land Stewardship be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or
consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including,
without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether
or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability,
arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this
information.  This publication could include technical or other inaccuracies
or typographical errors.  Changes are periodically added to the
information herein; These changes will be incorporated in new editions of this
publication.  The Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship may make
improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described
in this publication at anytime.
All Department programs and services
will be conducted without regard to race, color, national origin, age,
disability, gender, and reprisal.
Information Collected By Use of This Site
Personally identifiable information which may be collected by use of this site
includes IP numbers, date/time, stamps, methods, path, status code and size of
request. The information that is available from governmental web sites is
subject to these principles and policies:
Access to personally identifiable information in public records at state and
local levels of government in Iowa
is controlled primarily by Chapter 22 of the Code of Iowa. Information
generally available under Chapter 22 - and not made confidential elsewhere in
the Code of Iowa - may be posted for electronic access.
Persons concerned with regard to information about them should contact the
custodian of the record, which typically is the state agency or other
governmental entity that collects and maintains the information.
The information collected should only be that necessary to provide the
information or services sought by a requester, just as a person might provide
such information when visiting a governmental office in person.
The information collected is subject to the same controls and uses as that
collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the
access and confidentiality provisions of Chapter 22, or to other applicable
sections of the Code of Iowa. You do not have to provide personal information
to visit the web sites or download information. The IP (Internet Protocol)
numbers of computers used to visit these sites are noted as part of our
statistical analysis on use of our web sites and how to better design services
and facilitate access to them. No marketing databases are created nor are any
commercial uses made of any such data. Government agencies may request
personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested
services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit
to a government office.
Various other web sites may be linked through this site. Private sector sites
are not subject to Chapter 22. Visitors to those sites may wish to check their
privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally identifiable
information.
Links to Other Sites
This site has links to other web sites as a convenience to our customers. These
links may be operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations,
and private businesses. When you use one of these links you are no longer on
this site and this Privacy Statement and Policy will not apply. When you link
to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
When you follow a link to one of these sites neither the State of Iowa, nor any
agency, officer, or employee of the State warrants the accuracy, reliability,
or timeliness of any information published by the external sites, nor endorses
any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from these systems, and
cannot be held liable for any losses caused by use of or reliance on the
accuracy, reliability or timeliness of the information. Any person or entity
that relies on any information obtained from these systems does so at his or
her own risk.
Mailing Address: IDALS,  Wallace State
Office Building,   502 E. 9th Street,  Des Moines, IA 50319:
PH: 515-281-5321
Sitemap
Privacy Statement
Relay Iowa
State of Iowa
Home