http://www.msh.on.ca/patients-and-visitors/your-privacy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Patients and visitors
Your privacy
Your privacy
Your privacy
Markham Stouffville Hospital has an Office of Access and Privacy. It is committed to protecting the privacy of the clients we serve, while maintaining our accountability to the public through openness and transparency. We accomplish this by respecting the spirit and compliance requirements of the Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA), 2004, and the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA), 1990.
The Office of Access and Privacy is comprised of the chief privacy officer and a privacy officer who are responsible for building and supporting the culture of privacy through interpretation, education and guidance. We support and assist staff, physicians, patients and families at MSH to ensure the protection of their personal information/personal health information.
MSH also hosts the MEDITECH Expanse system for the Shared Health Information Network Exchange (SHINE) partnership between MSH, Southlake Regional Health Centre and Stevenson Memorial Hospital. For questions about PHIPA requirements for this project, visit the SHINE page.
For more information, please download our privacy brochure and our PHIPA frequently asked questions (FAQs) guidance document.
For more information about your privacy rights, or if you are unable to resolve a problem directly with our hospital, contact:
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario
2 Bloor St. E., Suite 1400
Toronto, ON, M4W 1A8
Phone: 416-326-3333
Toll-free: 1-800-387-0073
Email: info@ipc.on.ca
Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act
The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, 1990 (FIPPA) is two-fold in its mandate. First, it provides a right of access to information under the control of government organizations in accordance with the following principles:
Information should be available to the public and exemptions to the right of access should be limited and specific.
The Act protects personal information held by government organizations and provides individuals with a right of access to their own personal information.
Decisions on the disclosure of government information may be reviewed by the information and privacy commissioner.
Making a Freedom of Information request
Under FIPPA, a Freedom of Information (FOI) request must be in writing and must provide sufficient detail to allow staff to identify the information you are looking for. If you would like to make a Freedom of Information request, please print, fill out and mail the request form accompanied by a $5 application fee (cheque or money order, payable to Markham Stouffville Hospital).
Please submit your FOI request to:
Office of Access and Privacy
Markham Stouffville Hospital
381 Church Street
Markham, ON L3P 7P3
Questions about a request
If you need assistance, please contact the Office of Access and Privacy at 905-472-7373 ext. 2183.
Patients & visitors
Find a doctor or midwife
Your patient experience
Improving the patient experience during COVID-19
Family presence
Spiritual and religious care
Ethics
Advance Care Planning
Patient relations
Coming to the Markham and Uxbridge sites
Patient Information and visitor policy during COVID-19
Making an appointment
Reminder calls
Coming for an appointment
Getting admitted
Visiting a patient
Parking
Where to eat and relax at the Markham site
Paying bills
Uninsured services
Uninsured childbirth services
Your role in safety
Patient engagement
Surveys and polls
Connecting Care Survey Results
Take the Quality Improvement Plan (QIP) Survey
Patient Experience Participants (PEPs)
Accessibility
Patient and community education
Patient resources
Your privacy
The opt-out process
Requesting your health information
Personal health information fees
Connecting Ontario
Transferring between facilities
Other resources
FOI Request form
Directory of Records - FIPPA
FIPPA FAQ
PHIPA FAQ
Privacy at MSH
Request to Lock Personal Health Information form
Requesting a lockbox on your hospital health record
Request for correction to personal health information