https://www.webspecials.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This site does not collect names, e-mails or any other personal details of visitors.
You are not required to subscribe in order to access or download any of the free material available on this website.
We encourage you to subscribe to our social media pages in order to keep informed about new products releases.  However, this is purely optional and you are not required to subscribe in order to download our free products.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie: Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt-out of the DART cookies, you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, this website has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third-party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information:  When visiting this website, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyse trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites: We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement: The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of this site then you may contact us using the contact form.
We updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the EU Cookie Legislation.
Please read the Privacy Policy to learn about which cookies we use and what information we collect on our site.  By continuing to use this site, you agree with our updated Privacy Policy.  I AGREE