http://www.surgeryfacelift.com/privacy.php
Site Navigation
Appointments
Your Plastic Surgeon
Your Consultation
Surgical Procedures
BOTOX/Skin Care
Silicone Gel Implants
Patient Responses
Payment Options
Contact & Location
Commitment, Dedication and Excellence.
Facelift and Necklift Surgery Newport Beach Plastic Surgery
Privacy Policy
Newport Beach Plastic Surgery is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web sites.
This policy may change without prior notice.
Some web pages created by Newport Beach Plastic Surgery use "cookies", which are small text files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. A cookie's purpose is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Furthermore, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer. The use of cookies is an industry standard.
Many major Web sites use cookies to provide useful features for their customers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you will not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.
Newport Beach Plastic Surgery will not send you any unsolicited information, including email regarding any commercial offers or advertisements at any time. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers, so we respect these concerns.
Linked sites are not under the control of Newport Beach Plastic Surgery. Therefore, Newport Beach Plastic Surgery is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by Schipul Technologies.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at (949) 548-0300
Photo Gallery
Breast Implants / Augmentation Photos
Breast Lifts Photos
Breast Reduction Photos
Breast Implant Revision Photos
Tummy Tuck Photos
Liposuction Photos
Gynecomastia Photos
Facelift and Necklift Photos
Rhinoplasty (Nose Surgery) Photos
Eyelid Surgery Photos
Ear Surgery (Otoplasty) Photos
Chin Surgery Photos
Calf Implants Surgery Photos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2009 Newport Beach Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Site design and production by Jonas Oblouk, General Design Services