http://www.your-diabetes.com/privacy-policy.html
HomeGet Your FREE GiftWhat is Diabetes?Cause of DiabetesDiabetes SymptomOther Health IssuesDiabetic RetinopathyDiabetes ControlDiabetes Weight LossDiabetes SuppliesDiabetic Menu PlanCut The CarbsDiabetes RecipesShare Your RecipeGiant Recipe BookYour Favorite RecipesDiabetes StoriesTell Your StoryDiabetes NewsArticles LibraryGet in TouchDiabetes Site UpdatesCheck These Out...Site Link RequestDiabetes News BlogTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyDiabetes Site MapChristmas Recipes
[?]Subscribe To This Site
My Privacy Policy
If you've arrived at this site, your diabetes.com, from a search engine, then I guess you didn't really want to read my 'Privacy Policy'.
I promise the other pages are far more interesting and worth a visit.
Just use the links on the left to explore and enjoy. Here's the official bit...
http://www.your-diabetes.com is committed to protecting
the privacy of my online visitors. I strive to offer my
visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to
provide an interactive and personalized experience. I
may use personally identifiable information (your name,
e-mail address, street address, telephone number)
subject to the terms of this privacy policy. I will
NEVER sell, barter, or rent your email address to
any unauthorized third party. "Period."
I collect information from online visitors who ask to
be on my newsletter mailing list and/or receive
periodic email announcements. Anyone who wishes can
choose to be removed from my mailing list at any time.
All online visitor data collected by www.Your-Diabetes.com
is protected against unauthorized access. I will not
sell, trade, or give your personal information to other
companies or organizations.
How I gather information from users: How I collect and store information depends on the
page you are visiting, the activities in which you
elect to participate and the services I provide. For
example, you may be asked to provide information when
you register for access to certain portions of my site
or request certain features, such as newsletters or
when you make a purchase. You may provide information
when you participate in sweepstakes and contests,
message boards and chat rooms, and other interactive
areas of my site.
Like most Web sites, www.Your-Diabetes.com also
collects information automatically and through the use
of electronic tools that may be transparent to my
visitors. For example, I may log the name of your
Internet Service Provider or use cookie technology to
recognize you and hold information from your visit.
Among other things, the cookie may store your user name
and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that
information each time you visit, or may control the
number of times you encounter a particular
advertisement while visiting my site.
As I adopt additional technology, I may also gather
information through other means. In certain cases, you
can choose not to provide us with information, for example
by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but
if you do you may be unable to access certain portions
of the site or may be asked to re-enter your user name
and password, and I may not be able to customize the
site’s features according to your preferences.
What I do with the information I collect: Like other Web publishers, I collect information to
enhance your visit and deliver more individualized
content and advertising. I respect your privacy and do
not share your information with anyone.
Aggregated Information (information that does not
personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For
example, I may combine information about your usage
patterns with similar information obtained from other
users to help enhance my site and services (e.g., to
learn which pages are visited most or what features are
most attractive). Aggregated Information may
occasionally be shared with my advertisers and
business partners. Again, this information does not
include any Personally Identifiable Information about
you or allow anyone to identify you individually.
I may use Personally Identifiable Information
collected on www.Your-Diabetes.com
to communicate with
you about your registration and customization preferences;
my Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and
products offered by www.Your-Diabetes.com and other topics
I think you might find of interest.
Personally identifiable information collected by
www.Your-Diabetes.com may also be used for other purposes
including, but not limited to, site administration,
troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions,
administration of sweepstakes and contests, and other
communications with you.
Certain third parties who provide technical support for the
operation of my site (my Web hosting service for example)
may access such information.
I will use your information only as permitted by law. In
addition, from time to time as I continue to develop
my business, I may sell, buy, merge or partner with
other companies or businesses. In such transactions,
user information may be among the transferred assets.
I may also disclose your information in response to a
court order, at other times when I believe I am
reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with
the collection of amounts you may owe to me, and/or to
law enforcement authorities whenever I deem it
appropriate or necessary. Please note I may not
provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such
cases.
Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements: www.Your-Diabetes.com expects its partners, advertisers
and affiliates to respect the privacy of my users. Be
aware, however, that third parties, including my
partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content
providers accessible through my site, may have their
own privacy and data collection policies and practices.
For example, during your visit to my site you may link
to, or view as part of a frame on a www.Your-Diabetes.com
page, certain content that is actually created or hosted
by a third party. Also, through www.Your-Diabetes.com you
may be introduced to, or be able to access, information,
Web sites, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by
other parties. www.Your-Diabetes.com
is not
responsible for the actions or policies of such third
parties. You should check the applicable privacy
policies of those third parties when providing
information on a feature or page operated by a third
party.
While on my site, my advertisers, promotional
partners or other third parties may use cookies or
other technology to attempt to identify some of your
preferences or retrieve information about you. For
example, some of my advertising is served by third
parties and may include cookies that enable the
advertiser to determine whether you have seen a
particular advertisement before. Other features
available on my site may offer services operated by
third parties and may use cookies or other technology
to gather information. www.Your-Diabetes.com
does not
control the use of this technology by third parties or
the resulting information, and is not responsible for
any actions or policies of such third parties.
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily
disclose personally identifiable information on message
boards or in chat areas, that information can be viewed
publicly and can be collected and used by third parties
without my knowledge and may result in unsolicited
messages from other individuals or third parties. Such
activities are beyond the control of www.Your-Diabetes.com
and this policy.
Children’s Privacy I do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under the age of 13. If I learn that I have
personal information on a child under the age of 13, I
will delete that information from my systems.
www.Your-Diabetes.com encourages parents to go online
with their kids.
Here are a few tips to help make a child's online
experience safer:
* Teach kids never to give personal information, unless
supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes
name, address, phone, school, clubs they are a member of,
school extra-curricula activities etc.
* Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites
are appropriate.
* Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your
child's information is treated.
Check out the FTC's site for more tips on protecting
children's privacy online:
http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html
Top: Your Diabetes Privacy Policy
©2006-2017 Carol Ann Bentley All Rights Reserved.
This is an informational site only.
Please check with your own diabetic health team or physician if you have any concerns.
No responsibility for the use of information on this site or any
third-party websites linked to this site can be accepted.