http://www.afac.com.au/general/footer/terms
You are currently: HomeTerms and privacy
Site search
Terms and privacy
Terms
Sitemap
Contact
FAQs
By accessing the AFAC website you agree that the following will apply to your use. We may change these Terms (and supplement documentation) at any time without notice. Any amendment will be effective immediately. Your continued use of the Website after any amendment constitutes an agreement by you to comply with, and be bound by, the amended Terms. Accordingly, you should access and read the Terms from time to time for changes.
General Disclaimer The material on this web site is provided as an information source only. The information is provided solely on the basis that readers will be responsible for making their own assessment of topics discussed on this website and are strongly advised to verify all relevant representations, statements and information. The material may include the views or recommendations of third parties, and does not necessarily reflect the views of AFAC, or indicate a commitment to a particular course of action. From time to time material provided by AFAC Members and other third parties may sometimes present conflicting opinions. AFAC has no view in such cases; users are referred back to the source for clarification. This web site contains information that is intended to support research adoption and policy development by fire, land management and emergency services. Errors or omissions can occur in the preparation of web pages, therefore, before relying on the material, users should independently verify its accuracy, completeness, relevance for their purposes and that it is up-to-date. Links to other web sites are provided for the user's convenience and do not constitute endorsement of material at those sites, or any associated organisation, product or service.
Your use of this website It is a condition of the AFAC website for all participants to acknowledge these Terms and Conditions, AFAC Policies for Social Media, Privacy (see below) and Code of Conduct outlined within the AFAC Information Sharing and Intellectual Property Policy, prior to access being granted.
Privacy Please read AFAC's Privacy Policy. AFAC is subject to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) which requires that it comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) set out in the Act. The APPs set out how entities should collect, hold, use, and disclose personal information and how individuals can access records containing their personal information.
Copyright Copyright in the material published on this website is subject to the operation of the Copyright Act 1968 and its subsequent amendments. Material may be downloaded, displayed, printed and reproduced in unaltered form only for non-commercial use or use within an organisation. Distribution of any copies of downloaded material is permitted provided that it is in its unaltered, complete form only. All other rights are reserved by the copyright owner. Under no circumstances can any of the information be used for commercialisation purposes without the permission of the copyright owner. Any individual with questions, corrections to personal information, concerns or complaints about AFAC’s Privacy Policy or its application, or regarding copyright ownership can contact:
Australasian Fire and Emergency Service Authorities Council Limited (ABN 52 060 049 327) AFAC Director, Business & Finance
Level 1, 340 Albert Street
East Melbourne Victoria 3002
Telephone: +61 3 9419 2388
Facsimile: +61 3 9419 2389
Email: afac [@] afac.com.au