http://www.univortho.org/privacy.htm
Patient Privacy
Purpose: The following privacy policy is adopted to ensure that University Orthopedics complies fully with all federal and state privacy protection laws and regulations. Protection of patient privacy is of paramount importance to this organization. Violations of any of these provisions will result in disciplinary action including termination of employment and possible referral for criminal prosecution.
Effective Date: This policy is in effect as of October 4, 2007.
Expiration Date: This policy remains in effect until superseded or cancelled.
Policy Owner: University Orthopedics, 979 E. Third Street, Suite 220, Chattanooga TN 37403, (423) 267-4586.
Assigning Privacy and Security Responsibilities: It is the policy of University Orthopedics that the Privacy Officer, Office Administrator and Team Leaders within our workforce are assigned the responsibility of implementing and maintaining HIPAA Privacy Policies. Furthermore, it is our policy that these individuals will be provided sufficient resources and authority to fulfill their responsibilities. At a minimum it is our policy that there will be one individual or job description designated as the Privacy Official.
Uses and Disclosures of Protected Health Information: It is the policy of University Orthopedics that protected health information may not be used or disclosed except when at least one of the following conditions is true:
The individual who is the subject of the information (i.e. the “subject individual”) has authorized the use or disclosure. The use or disclosure is for an individual’s treatment, payment or health care operations. The individual who is the subject of the information does not object to the disclosure and the disclosure is to friends or family members involved in the health care of the individual. The disclosure is to the individual who is the subject of the information or to HHS for compliance-related purposes. The use or disclosure is otherwise permitted or required by HIPAA. Deceased Individuals: It is the policy of University Orthopedics that privacy protections extend to information concerning deceased individuals.
Notice of Privacy Practices: It is the policy of University Orthopedics that a notice of privacy practices must be provided to all patients at the earliest practicable time and posted in our office, that any revised notice be available to patients upon request and that all uses and disclosures of protected health information be done in accord with this organization’s notice of privacy practices.
Restriction Requests: It is the policy of University Orthopedics that consideration must be given to all requests for restrictions on uses and disclosures of protected health information as stated in this organization’s notice of privacy practices. It is furthermore the policy of this organization that if a particular restriction is agreed to, then this organization is bound by that restriction.
More Information
Our Physicians
Insurance
Appointments
Referring MD's
Workers Comp
Patient Education
UT College of Medicine
Patient Privacy
7ads6x98y