http://www.resus.org.uk/terms
Skip to main content
Home
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions: Merchandise
Our terms and conditions of sale apply to all online merchandise transactions on resus.org.uk and are set out below. Please read through these carefully before placing your order and then print a copy for future reference.
We may change these terms from time to time without notice to you. Changes will apply to any subsequent orders received.
Delivery is free within the United Kingdom and the excess postage charged for all addresses overseas. (See Delivery Rates and Policies)
If your package is above 2kg you will be required to contact Resuscitation Council UK to arrange suitable delivery by a registered courier.
Delivery charges and estimated timescales are specified in the Delivery Rates and Policies section of this page. We make every effort to deliver goods within the estimated timescales, however delays are occasionally inevitable.
We take payment from your card at the time we receive your order, once we have checked your card details. Goods are subject to availability. If we are unable to supply the goods, we will inform you of this as soon as possible. A full refund will be given where you have already paid for the goods, unless you choose to wait for stocks to be replenished.
Payment can be made by Visa Credit, Visa Debit, MasterCard Credit, MasterCard Debit, Visa Electron, Maestro and JCB for online payments. We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
We do not process orders for items that are temporarily unavailable, however you can contact us directly and we will contact you as soon as we get a fresh order in. Occasionally an order may go through for an item that has just sold out. If this happens, we will give you the option to wait until the item is in stock or, if you would rather not wait, to cancel your order.
The contract between us shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of the contract.
If your delivery is severely overdue, please contact us between 10am and 4pm, Monday to Friday (excluding UK public holidays).
Delivery and returns
Which countries are included in the UK?
The following countries are included in our definition of the UK for delivery purposes: England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales and all BFPO addresses.
How will it be delivered?
All items destined for a UK address will be dispatched by Second Class post. Your order will arrive within 5 working days. All items destined for overseas will be dispatched by Airmail. Your order will arrive within 7-10 working days.
Please note: Delivery is by Royal Mail, therefore, although we always do our best to despatch goods promptly, we cannot be held responsible for any delays caused by the postal system.
How much will it cost? (UK)
Delivery in the UK is free of charge. If your package is above 2kg you will be required to contact Resuscitation Council UK to arrange suitable delivery by a registered courier.
How much will it cost? (Outside the UK)
You will be required to pay the excess shipping costs (difference between the UK price and the destination zone) for all overseas deliveries. If your package is above 2kg you will be required to contact Resuscitation Council UK to arrange suitable delivery by a registered courier.
All prices shown include VAT (except books which are zero-rated for VAT purposes).
Lost & Missing Deliveries
If you have recently placed an order and you think the delivery of your item/items is overdue, please contact us to check the status of your delivery.
For deliveries within the UK using Second Class post, please allow five working days for delivery.
For deliveries outside of the UK, please allow 7 - 10 working days for delivery.
Despite our efforts, there can sometimes be unforeseen delays in delivery. It may be worthwhile contacting your local postal sorting office as it's possible they have already tried to deliver your package but were unable to.
Our returns policy
Our 14-day returns guarantee means that if for any reason you are unhappy with your purchase, you can return it to us in its original condition within 14 days of the date you ordered the item, and we will issue a full refund for the price you paid for the item.
This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Distance selling regulations
By law, customers located in the European Union have the right to withdraw from the contract to purchase an item within fourteen days of the order being placed. Simply return the item to us securely including the delivery note, your order number and your name.
To ensure the safe return of your items and the correct allocation of the items against your account at our fulfilment centre, please follow the guidelines below:
Please include a copy of the delivery note if you return any items that you have purchased from the RCUK Online Shop.
Please indicate why you are returning the item.
If you no longer have the delivery note, please include a piece of paper with the name of the person who ordered the item(s), their email address, the order number and the reason for the return.
Please ensure that any items to be sent back are returned securely. RCUK cannot be held liable for returned items which do not reach us.
How refunds are calculated
Items returned because they are damaged, defective or incorrect
If you are returning an item because of an error on our part or, in accordance with our returns policy, because it is damaged or defective, we will refund the delivery charges incurred in sending the item to you and pay your costs of returning it to us by refunding your return postage costs.
Items returned under the 14-day returns guarantee
If there has been no error on our part, under our returns policy we will refund only the cost of the item. We will not refund the cost of delivery or return postage.
Return a damaged, defective or incorrect item
If the item was damaged in transit
If you take delivery of an RCUK package and the contents have been damaged in transit, you can return the item(s) to us within 14 days of the order being placed for exchange.
If the item is defective
You have the right to return a faulty item within a reasonable period of time. Please keep any warranty information that accompanies your item as this may be needed should there be a fault.
If we sent you an item you did not order (an "incorrect" item)
As soon as you find out we've sent you an incorrect item, please send the incorrect item back to us and we will ensure you are refunded for it (including a refund on postage) or a replacement is sent.
Returns address:
Resuscitation Council UK Returns
5th Floor
Tavistock House North
Tavistock Square
London
WC1H 9HR
Terms of use
This website is maintained by Resuscitation Council UK, referred to below as "RCUK".
In accessing this website, visitors acknowledge and agree to the following terms of use:
Although RCUK attempts to keep this web site as accurate and up to date as possible, RCUK makes no warranties or representations about the quality, accuracy, currency, completeness or fitness for any particular purpose of the information contained on this web site. All drug dosages should be checked with the British National Formulary.
In no event shall RCUK be liable for any direct, special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of this web site or any of the information contained in it.
This website contains links to other external web sites that are not under the control of RCUK. RCUK makes no warranties representations or undertakings nor accepts any liability or responsibility in connection with the content or use made of any web site linked to this web site.
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or services do not imply endorsement of that product, publication or service.
This website contains material the copyright of which or the other intellectual property rights of which are owned by RCUK. In other cases, material appears on the web site with the specific consent of the relevant copyright owner.
Except as indicated elsewhere on this web site, users may view, download and print the documents and information contained on the site, subject to the following conditions:
The materials may be used solely for personal, non-commercial use or study only.
The materials may not be used for commercial purposes without the express written permission of RCUK. To apply for permission to reproduce materials, click here.
The materials may not be distributed in any form for profit.
The materials may not be modified or altered in any way.
Any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the materials may not be removed.
Except as set out above, reproduction of part or all of the contents of this web site in any form is prohibited. None of the contents of this web site may be copied or otherwise incorporated into any other web site or other work in any form whatsoever.
RCUK’s logos or logos associated with any products, courses or services provided by RCUK may not be used without the express written permission of RCUK.
For more information, please read our privacy policy.
Copyright
The copyright for the design, data and underlying source code of this website is owned by Resuscitation Council UK [RCUK]. Logos, trademarks and images used on this site, identifying RCUK are the proprietary marks of RCUK and may not be reproduced or used without written permission from the RCUK.
Sign up to our newsletter
Our regular newsletter contains updates on all things resuscitation, information about campaigns for CPR education and opportunities to purchase event tickets, manuals, and other RCUK merchandise.
Name
Surname
Email
Confirmation
I am happy for Resuscitation Council UK to send me regular newsletters by email.
Your personal information is important and we will use it only for the purpose you provide it.
For further information please see our Privacy Policy.
Subscribe to newsletter
Professional Resources
Library
2015 Resuscitation Guidelines
Quality Standards for CPR
Additional guidance
Guidance: Anaphylaxis
Guidance: CPR
Guidance: Choking
Guidance: DNACPR and CPR decisions
Guidance: Defibrillators
ReSPECT
iResus
Publications
Application for permission to reproduce RCUK materials
Training Courses
Adult Life Support
Instructor Courses
Paediatric Life Support
Newborn Life Support
Course Certificates
FAQs
Public Resource
CPR in Schools
About Us
Our organisation
Get involved
Donations
Membership
Membership: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Newsletter
Restart A Heart Day
Shop
Contact us
Login