http://www.hiltonheadislandsc.gov/smpolicy.cfm
Accessibility
Skip to Top Navigation  |
Skip to Main Navigation  |
Skip to Content  |
Employment Opportunities
Topic Index
Contact Us
E-Subscription
Service
Government
Online Services
Departments
Our Island
Public Safety
Publications
Town Council
Boards, Committees, Commissions
Budget
Code of Laws
Forms & Applications
Mission Statement
Public Meeting Calendar
Procurement - RFP's & Bids
Related Links & Phone Numbers
Building & Development Citizen Access Portal
Building Code Inspections
Building Records & Flood Elevation Certificates    Online Search
Business Related Fee/Tax Payments
E-Subscription Service
Fire Safety Self Inspection
Flood Hazard Zone Search
Freedom of Information Act Requests
Licensed Business Search
Ward & Voting Precinct Search
Community Development
Executive
Finance
Fire Rescue
Human Resources
Information Technology
Legal
Office of Cultural Affairs
Public Projects & Facilities
Organizational Chart
Beach
Capital Improvement Projects
Culture HHI
Demographics
Island History
Meet Some of Our Natives
Parks & Amenities
Pathways
Public Art
Sustainability
The Breeze Seasonal Trolley Service
Vacation Information
Waste Reduction & Recycling
Emergency Alert Service
Emergency Management
Emergency Preparedness Guide
Fire Rescue
Flood Awareness
Hurricane Season Info
Law Enforcement
Public Service Announcements
Safety Tips
Adopted Plans
Brochures & Leaflets
Code of Laws
Forms & Applications
Guides & Manuals
Maps
Media Releases & Public Notices
Newsletters
Reports
Town of Hilton Head Island Municipal Government Website
Hilton Head Island COVID-19 Hub
Text Size:
A
A
A
Social Media Public Use Policy
The Town of Hilton Head Island is participating in social
media to reach a broader audience, disseminate information and interact with residents, businesses and visitors. We encourage your comments, ideas and suggestions through our social media sites
and look forward to an active exchange of ideas. All viewpoints are welcome, but comments
should remain relevant to the topic at hand, not use profanity, not make unsupported allegations and should not include spam. Please note that the
Town’s social media sites are moderated online discussion sites and not a public forum.
Social media sites are not to be used to report criminal activity or emergencies. If you have an emergency please call 9-1-1. If you have information for law enforcement, please contact the Beaufort County Sheriff’s Office. Additionally, the Town of Hilton Head Island
social media sites will not constitute an official form of communication for
legal notice, specific requests for service, public record requests or
registering a complaint.
Public Records. Any content maintained in social media format which is related to Town business, including a list of subscribers, posted communication and communication submitted for posting may be a public record subject to public
disclosure.
Disclaimer
Posts and Comments
All posted content (comments, photos, links,
etc.) must be related to the article or post regarding Town programs, services, projects, issues, events or activities. If the social media site has an "Off Topic" feature/category, comments
may be posted as long as they conform to the comment policy.
The Town of Hilton Head Island social media
sites do not constitute an official form of communication for legal notice,
specific requests for service, public records requests, registering a complaint or to report criminal activity.
Members of the media are asked to send questions to the Town of Hilton Head Island through their normal channels and refrain from submitting questions on social media as comments.
The Town reserves the right to remove
comments/postings which violates any local, state, or federal law regarding
discrimination, harassment, or violence. In addition comments and postings will be removed it they contain vulgar language, personal attacks, or disparaging comments of any kind, or offensive comments that target or disparage any ethnic, racial, or religious group. Further, the Town reserves the right to remove comments solely at its discretion, containing, but not limited to, any of the following elements:
Profane, obscene, abusive or threatening
language, defamatory statements or contain pornographic content and/or
language;
Content that promotes, fosters, or perpetuates discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, age, religion, gender,
national origin, physical or mental disability or sexual orientation;
Personal attacks, hate speech or offensive
terminology targeting individuals or groups of individuals;
Sexual content or links to sexual content;
Promotion or encouragement of illegal activity;
Information that my compromise the safety or
security of the public or public systems;
Unsolicited business proposals or endorsements/promotion of commercial services, products or entities;
Infringements of copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property;
Endorsements of political parties, candidates, groups or campaigns;
Comments/posts; unrelated to the original topic;
Spam or links to other sites;
Personally identifiable information.
References, Links and Embedded Content
Any references or links to a specific entity, product, service or organization posted by individuals on the Town of Hilton Head Island's social media sites should not be considered an endorsement by the Town of Hilton Head Island or its departments, officials or employees.
The Town of Hilton Head Island does not review, sponsor, or endorse any other websites linked to this website or social media account. The views and opinions of
authors, expressed on those websites do not necessarily state or reflect the
opinion of the Town of Hilton Head Island and may not be quoted or reproduced for the purpose of stating or implying any endorsement or approval of any
product, person, or service.
The Town of Hilton Head Island is not responsible for and does not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy,
appropriateness, nor security of the link, external website or its content,
unless the link goes directly to the Town of Hilton Head Island’s official
website.
The Town of Hilton Head Island reserves the right to delete links posted by individuals that violate the Town’s social
media policy.
Public Records
Subject to certain statutory exceptions, most documents and records maintained by the Town of Hilton Head Island, including but not limited to electronic records, are public records under South Carolina
law.
Any content maintained in a social media format
which is related to Town business, including but not limited to list of
subscribers, posted comments and information submitted for posting may be a
public record subject to public disclosure.
Content submitted for posting that is deemed not suitable for posting by a Town of Hilton Head Island moderator, shall be
retained pursuant to the records retention schedule along with a description of the reason the specific content is deemed not suitable.
Privacy
All users of the Town of Hilton Head Island
social media sites are subject to the site's own privacy policy. The Town of Hilton Head Island has no control over a third party's privacy policy or their modifications to it. The Town of Hilton Head Island makes no claim to protect or preserve the privacy of users who interact with Town employees or representatives of the Town via Town-sponsored social media sites beyond those protections which the site owner provides.
To protect your own privacy and the privacy of
others, please do not include personal information, such as your Social
Security number, phone numbers or email addresses in your comments.
Copyright Policy
Unless a copyright is indicated, information on the Town of Hilton Head Island web site is in the public domain and may be
reproduced, published or otherwise used with the Town of Hilton Head Island's
permission. We request only that the
Town of Hilton Head Island be cited as the source of information and that any
photo credits, graphics or byline be similarly credited to the photographer,
author or Town of Hilton Head Island, as appropriate.
The Town of Hilton Head Island follows all pplicable copyright laws and no infringed material may be posted or linked to
on the Town of Hilton Head Island page.
Any use of the Town of Hilton Head Island seal or logo is prohibited without written permission from the Town of Hilton Head
Island.
Content that violates a legal ownership interest of any other party or copyright should not be posted or submitted in any form without permission of the rights holder. Any person redistributing information subject to a third party copyright
via the Town's social media sites must adhere to the terms and conditions of
the third party copyright holder.
Disclaimers
The Town of Hilton Head Island does not guarantee that any information posted by the members of the public, or
employees who are not designated as content providers, is correct and it does
not assume liability for any inaccuracies, loss or damage resulting from reliance on any such information posted on social media sites by any
unauthorized person(s).
The Town of Hilton Head Island does not guarantee that the social media sites will be uninterrupted, permanent or
error-free.
The Town of Hilton Head Island reserves the right to modify this policy at any time. All modifications will be posted.Â
Continued use of Town of Hilton Head Island social media sites following
the posting of any modification to the policy signifies acceptance of such modification.
The Town reserves the right to terminate any portion of the Town social media site at any time.
If you have any questions concerning the on of this official Town social media site, please contact the Website
Administrator at renep@hiltonheadislandsc.gov.
Government  ~  Online Services  ~  Departments  ~  Our Island  ~  Public Safety  ~  Publications  ~  Contact Us ~  Home
Town of Hilton Head Island  ~  One Town Center Court, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina  29928  ~  (843) 341-4600
Employee Portal  ~  Website Policies  ~ Social Media Public Use Policy  ~  Contact Webmaster