https://www.yourhormones.com/privacy-policy/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Overview
Your Hormones understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of Your Hormones and its services. It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully. We hope that reading our Privacy Policy helps you understand how we manage information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Your Hormones website ("Your Hormones Site," or the "Site,") which is owned and operated by Your Hormones, Inc. ("Your Hormones"). This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the Site, and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any other means.
The Your Hormones site contains links to other sites. Once you enter another Web site (whether through an advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that Your Hormones is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. At this time, we do not use any third party service providers, such as Google, Inc., to display advertising our Site.  We encourage you to look for and review the privacy statements of each and every Web site that you visit through a link or advertisement on Your Hormones. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please Contact Us.
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Our website is not directed at children under 13 and we won’t knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information; if you’re under 13, please don’t provide any information about yourself on this website.
Children's Privacy
Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Our website is not directed at children under 13 and we won’t knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information; if you’re under 13, please don’t provide any information about yourself on this website.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. This Site is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect, and will permanently delete any submission of, personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
The information we collect falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by users of the Site when they register with the Site, become an affiliate, , post comments, respond to surveys or questionnaires, enter promotional contests, make entries in treatment diaries, make use of an assessment tool (such as our the health questionnaires or other calculators), and the like; and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our Site and review our email newsletters and other email messages.
Third party providers featured on or linked to by our Site, such as advertisers of products and services offered through the Site, may be gathering information, as well, through processes we don’t control. Webhosting and shopping cart services and features used by Your Hormones, such as Intuit, may be gathering information, as well, through processes we don’t control. Their privacy policy is posted on the Intuit Small Business Privacy Statement.
Information Supplied by Visitors
You are welcome to visit the Your Hormones website without registering. However, to participate in any of the community features on this Site (for example, by shopping, or subscribing to newsletter, posting to a message board, commenting on a blog, etc.), you must register. When you register, we may ask you to provide certain contact information, such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number (collectively, “Contact Information”). We may request similar Contact Information when you participate in a survey or poll, respond to a questionnaire or quiz, enter a promotional contest, make use of an assessment tool, or sign up for any of the other services available on the Site. If you don’t provide us your postal address, we may use the Contact Information you provide to complete our records by obtaining your postal address from a third party and adding your postal address to our database as part of your Contact Information. You may opt-out of having your postal address collected in this way by notifying us through the Contact Us page. Once you provide us Contact Information, you are no longer anonymous to us. We may use your Contact Information to contact you, for example, when we send you an email newsletter, a direct mail advertisement or offer, a treatment reminder, or an alert that you’ve requested. If you are selected as a winner of a promotional contest, we’ll use the Contact Information you provided to contact you.
When you register with our Site, sign up for a service, or otherwise interact with the Site, we may ask you to provide demographic information (such as your ZIP code, age, and gender), health-related information (such as height, weight, age, gender, family characteristics, health-related interests, treatment experience, prescription drug information, etc., as well as information about the kinds of healthcare providers you’ve consulted and how your health services are paid for), and other information relating to your use of the Site (such as a username and password). We may use the demographic and health-related information you provide to improve our Site and the services we offer and to tailor the advertising displayed on our Site to the interests of individual users to increase the likelihood that our users will find these ads useful and informative. We may also share this information with advertisers, but only as an anonymous, aggregate basis, to establish for our advertisers the value of advertising to our audience. We may associate any demographic or health-related information you voluntarily provide with your Contact Information so that we can send you email messages about products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, provided that you have not previously opted-out of receiving such messages.
When you register, sign up for a service, or otherwise interact with the Site, we may also invite you to subscribe to various email newsletters or other services. You can unsubscribe to any such newsletter or service by following the instructions in the “Choice/Opt-Out” section below.
Our advertisers and other sponsors may collect information from users of this Site through offer forms that we display on the Site on their behalf. These forms are labeled as advertisements or identify the advertiser or other sponsor that is making the offer and may ask you to provide Contact Information, demographic information, health-related information, and other information. As will be apparent from the web page on which the form is displayed, we submit the information you provide on such forms directly to the advertiser or other sponsor identified on the form and we retain a copy of such information only for as long as is necessary to establish to the satisfaction of the advertiser or sponsor the value we have provided.
Other Information We Collect
The web servers of the webhosting company we use may automatically collect limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our Site, including the type (and version) of browser software you use, the operating system you’re running, the website that referred you, and your IP address. We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible. Your IP address is a numerical address assigned to your computer that is used by other computers connected to the Internet to communicate with your computer so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We use your IP address to route data (such as the web pages you request) to your computer, to track which pages within the Site have been accessed from your computer, and to track how well each page within our Site is performing so that we can continue to improve our Site and the services we offer. We also use IP address information for systems administration, to report aggregate information to sponsors and advertisers, and to conduct Site analysis.
Your web browser software includes a feature called “cookies” that allows the websites you visit to store small amounts of data related to your visit on your computer hard drive. Our cookies consist of an alphanumeric identifier that allows us to track the pages you’ve visited on our Site. We use cookies and other technologies, including digital image files known as web beacons (also referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs), that allow us to track user activity. For example, our servers automatically collect usage information about how you and other visitors interact with our Site, such as the number of visitors to our Site and to pages within our Site, the frequency with which you and other visitors access individual pages within the Site, the time you and other visitors spend on the Site and on pages within the Site, and other similar information (“Usage Data”). We aggregate this Usage Data to understand overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our Site by making it more responsive to the needs of our users. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to avoid showing you the same ad or other message repeatedly, and to allow you to store your username and password so you don’t have to re-enter them every time your visit our Site. Our cookies do not collect or contain your Contact Information. They do enable us to relate information that you have voluntarily provided to us (such as information you provide when you respond to questionnaires or offers or request information on products or services) with your Contact Information. Your Hormones does not combine the Usage Data we collect with your Contact Information. Usage Data enables us to figure out how often users access parts of the Sites so that we can make the Site appealing to as many users as possible, and improve the content. We may share this aggregate information with advertisers and other third parties, but it does not indicate the identity of individual users. Our advertisers and third parties that provide advertising, products and/or services through our site may also use their own cookies, including flash cookies, or place their own web beacons, a process we don’t control. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of amount of, type of, and the way data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove flash cookies. You can learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for flash cookies by using the Adobe/Macromedia Global Privacy Settings panel.
The help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don’t accept cookies, you won’t be able to take advantage of some of our Sites’ most attractive features. Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While Your Hormones will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
Use of Your Contact Information
Your Hormones may use your Contact Information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe may be of interest to you. If you’d prefer not to receive such communications in the future, please see in the “Choice/Opt-Out” section below.
Our Disclosure of Your Contact Information and Other Information
Your Hormones is not in the business of selling to third parties, or allowing third parties to rent, your Contact Information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you and will not disclose your Contact Information to a third party except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Contact Information (and other information that we have associated with your Contact Information) with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Contact Information and other information that we have associated with Contact Information may be part of the transferred assets.
Vendors: Your Hormones, like many businesses, sometimes contracts with other companies to perform certain business-related functions. For example, we may use third party companies to ship products, provide email and direct mail services, database research and maintenance, payment processing, and other services. If you have registered with the Site, we may share your Contact Information and other information that we have associated with your Contact Information, as necessary or desirable for the third party to provide such services for us. Those third parties have contractually committed not to use your Contact Information (and the information we’ve associated with your Contact Information) for any other purpose.
Other Disclosures: We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law or legal process, to enforce our Terms of Use or protect Your Hormones against legal liability, or to protect the rights, property, health, or safety of visitors to our Site, our advertisers, vendors, the public or Your Hormones.
Except as set forth above, you will be notified before we share your Contact Information (and other information that we have associated with your Contact Information) with third parties, and we will not share such information with third parties without your consent.
Updating Our Records
If your Contact Information changes, if you wish to unsubscribe to a newsletter or to a notification or other service, you may correct, update, or delete our records or unsubscribe by logging onto the Site and clicking the “My Account” link in button in the upper right-hand corner of any page. You may update your Profile by clicking on your name and following the instructions.
External Links
To provide users with greater value, we may provide links to various third party websites. However, we do not control the privacy practices or the content of the sites to which we link, nor can we guarantee the products or services you may obtain through such sites. These links to third party websites are provided only for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. That said, we are always seeking to improve our Site and would appreciate any comments you might have on any website to which we link. Please feel free to Contact Us with any comments about sites we link to.
Public Postings
If you post information to any area of the Site that may be accessed by other users (such as information you place in your user profile, post in a comment on a blog, message board, or chatroom), bear in mind that such information can be viewed by anyone with an Internet connection. Please think carefully before disclosing Contact Information or any personal information in any of these public areas. Such information is not private; Your Hormones is free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such information to others without limitation or attribution. Any information you disclose may be used by third parties we don’t control. For example, if you disclose your Contact Information in any of these public areas, it may be used by third parties to send you unsolicited advertisements or other messages. We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit in these forums.
Security
Information we gather on our website is stored within Intuit-controlled databases (or databases hosted on their behalf) on servers maintained in protected environments. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
Choice/Opt-Out
We provide you the opportunity to “opt out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, after you register for the Site, you will be invited to receive the Your Hormones Newsletter if you do not wish to receive the newsletter; you can opt-out of receiving future Newsletters. Though we hope you’ll find the email newsletters we send you informative and useful, if you don’t, you can always unsubscribe from the newsletter by following the simple instructions included in each email or by by notifying us through the Contact Us page. Opt-out requests are generally processed within five business days.
Please be aware that even if you unsubscribe from the newsletter, you may continue to receive the occasional messages we send to registered users concerning the Site, or one of our services. The only way to opt out of receiving such relationship messages is to cancel your registration. To do so, please notify us through the Contact Us page. If you cancel your registration, you will no longer be able to make use of the community features of our Site.
Third Party Personal Data
At times, we may ask you for Contact Information relating to third parties. For example, if you ask us to email content to a friend using our “Email This Page to a Friend” tool, we’ll ask you for your friend’s email address. Your Hormones stores this information for the purpose of emailing the content you’ve asked us to send.
Your friend may notify us through the Contact Us page to request that we remove this information from our database.
Other Terms and Conditions
By visiting this Site, you agree that your visit and any dispute over data collection or privacy are governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. This Site is intended for United States users only. The law of the State of Iowa governs all transactions conducted on this Site and any use of materials found on this Site.
All content provided on this site or any other website in the network is general in nature and is provided for informational purposes only. We do not provide individualized medical or health care advice. Nothing contained on this site or any other website in the network is intended to be used for medical diagnosis or treatment or as a substitute for consultation with a qualified health care professional. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this site or any other website in the network.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site or your interaction with the Site, please contact us by clicking on the “Contact Us” link at the bottom of the page or at the following address:
Your Hormones, Inc.
6231 Medici Ct #105
Sarasota Fl 34243
Telephone: 941-355-0576
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The web is an evolving medium. We will periodically update our privacy policy at needed. By continuing to access this site, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
search_icon
Shop
dropdown_arrow
Hormone Specific™ Formulationsdropdown_arrow
Hormone Specific™ Formulations
Hormone Specific™ Formulations
About AdrenoMend™
About Endocrine™ Complete
About EstroMend™
About EstroQuench™
About GlucoQuench™
About ProgestoMend™
About TestoGain™
About TestoQuench™ for Men
About TestoQuench™ for Women
About ThyroMend™
Educational Modulesdropdown_arrow
Educational Modules
Educational Modules
Complete Hormone Health
Adrenal Health
Thyroid Health
Blood Sugar Health
Women's Healthdropdown_arrow
Women's Health
Women's Health
Menopause
PMS & PMDD Patterns
PCOS
Men's Health
Bioidentical HRT
Educational Resourcesdropdown_arrow
Educational Resources
Educational Resources
Documents
About Herbs
Protocol Library
Questionnaires
Our Companydropdown_arrow
Our Company
Our Company
About Us
Healthcare Professionalsdropdown_arrow
Healthcare Professionals
Healthcare Professionals
Healthcare Professionals Create an Account
International Distributors
Privacy Policy
Proposition 65
Research and Development
Shipping
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Blog
How did we do?
Shop
Hormone Specific™ Formulationsdropdown_arrow
Hormone Specific™ Formulations
All Hormone Specific™ Formulations
AdrenoMend™
Endocrine Complete™
EstroMend™
Estroquench™
ProgestoMend™
TestoGain™
TestoQuench™ for Men
TestoQuench™ for Women
ThyroMend™
Women's Formulasdropdown_arrow
Women's Formulas
All Women's Formulas
Menopause Types®dropdown_arrow
Menopause Types®
Menopause Types®
Menopause Type® Two
Menopause Type® Three
Menopause Type® Four
Menopause Type® Five
Menopause Type® Six
Menopause Type® Seven
Menopause Type® Eight
Menopause Type® Nine
Menopause Type® Ten
Menopause Type® Eleven
Menopause Type® Twelve
PMS & PMDDdropdown_arrow
PMS & PMDD
PMS & PMDD
Additonal Formulations for PMS & PMDD
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)dropdown_arrow
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)
Additional Options for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome
Men's Formulasdropdown_arrow
Men's Formulas
All Men's Formulas
Andropausedropdown_arrow
Andropause
Andropause
Andropause Primary Formulations
Secondary Andropause Formulations
Prostate Health
Wobenzym® dropdown_arrow
Wobenzym®
All Wobenzym®
WOBENZYM ® N
WOBENZYM ® PLUS
WOBENZYM ® PS
Product Categoriesdropdown_arrow
Product Categories
All Product Categories
Amino Acids
Anti-Inflammatory
Antioxidants
Beauty Products
Bioflavonoids
Coenzyme Q10 & Ubiquinol
Detoxification Formulasdropdown_arrow
Detoxification Formulas
Detoxification Formulas
Digestive-G.I. Support
Fish Oil, Lipids & Phospholipids
Energy/Sports/Fitness
Green Foods (phytonutrients)
Herbs
Klean Athlete®
Multiple Vitamins and Minerals
Probiotics
Protein Formulas
Vitamins A, B, C, D, E & Kdropdown_arrow
Vitamins A, B, C, D, E & K
Vitamins A, B, C, D, E & K
Yeast & Parasite Defense
Vitamin A & Carotenes
B Vitamins
Vitamin C
Vitamin D Formulas
Vitamin E Formulas
Vitamin K Formulas
Health Functionsdropdown_arrow
Health Functions
All Health Functions
Bone Health
Blood Sugar
Eye Health
Hair and Skin Health
Heart & Vascular Healthdropdown_arrow
Heart & Vascular Health
Heart & Vascular Health
Cholesterol Maintenance
Circulation
Hormone Healthdropdown_arrow
Hormone Health
Hormone Health
Adrenal Support
Immune Support
DHEA/Melatonin/Pregnenalone
Estrogen Support
Estrogen Detox
Progesterone Support
Testosterone Support
Testosterone Control (to Decrease)
Thyroid Products
Hormone Specific™
Inflammation & Immune Support
Joint/Muscle/Disc Formulas
Mineral Formulasdropdown_arrow
Mineral Formulas
Mineral Formulas
Calcium Formulas
Chromium Formulas
Iron Formulas
Magnesium Formulas
Other Mineral Formulas
Neurological Health
Prostate Health
Sexual Health
Sleep
Stress Control
Urinary Health
Weight Management
Alphabetical Listdropdown_arrow
Alphabetical List
All Alphabetical List
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
Y
Z
Numbers
Children's Formulas
account
Account
wishlist
Wishlist
bag
Shopping bag
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*
Copyright © 1999 - 2020 Your Hormones, Inc. All rights Reserved.
Statements regarding products and services on this site have not been evaluted by the Food and Drug Administration
and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent disease.
The content is the opinion of the authors and does not represent the opinion of any party.
See Terms of Service
and California Proposition 65.