https://www.umh.org/privacy-practices-0
Give us a Call
+1 (877) 929-5321
Menu
1-877-929-5321
Home
Our Communities
Wesley Village in Shelton, CT
Lifestyle Transitions
Wellness Center
Who We Are
About
History
Executive Management
What We Do
Independent & Assisted Living
Memory Care
Skilled Nursing & Short-Term Rehab
Hospice
Resource Center
eBooks & Resources
Brochures
FAQs
Resident & Family Testimonials
A Day in the Life - Resident Video Storytelling
Paying for Assisted Living
Awards and Innovations
Awards
Affiliations
Values in Action Award
Journey of Dreams
Blog
Subscribe to the Blog
Philanthropy
Careers
Online Privacy
ONLINE PRIVACY
United Methodist Homes (UMH) and our affiliate Sites consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information that is collected and recorded by United Methodist Homes and our affiliate Sites and how we use it.
Log Files
Like many other Websites, UMH and our affiliate Sites make use of log files. These files merely log visitors to the site—usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
UMH and our affiliate Sites use cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, to record user-specific information on which pages the site visitor accesses or visits, and to personalize or customize our web page content based upon visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Disabling Cookies
Most browsers will allow you to choose which cookies may be placed on your computer. You can find instructions for managing and/or deleting cookies placed on your computer for the following Internet browsers by clicking on the links below:
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site’s visitors based upon their visit to www.umh.org, our affiliate sites, and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Children’s Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. UMH and our affiliate Sites do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that UMH and our affiliate Sites has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact information below) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Interactions Covered by this Online Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to our online interactions and is valid for visitors to our Website and the Websites of our affiliates regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information that is collected offline or via channels other than this Website.
Consent
By using our Website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: Tuesday, July 28, 2020. Should we update, amend or make any changes to our online privacy policy, those changes will be posted on this page.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our online privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.
Owned & Operated By:
Phone: 1 (877) 929-5321 -
Contact Us
Additional Resources
» Philanthropy
» Volunteer Opportunities
» UMH Careers
» Award Winning Resources from UMH
» Online Privacy
Our Location
580 Long Hill Avenue
Shelton, CT
06484
» View All of Our Communities
Before You Go...
Our Lifestyle Transitions community at Wesley Village offers more than just memory support....Ask about our specialized assisted living options!
Availability is Limited – Schedule a Tour Today!
No, Thanks
Your browser is out-of-date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly.
Update my browser now
Close