https://www.dsrf.org/about-us/privacy/
About Us
About DSRFDSRF NewsOur StaffOur Board Of DirectorsAnnual ReportsImpact StoriesCareersContact UsPrivacy
COVID-19
DSRF and COVID-19
Programs & Resources
ProgramsProgram FundingResourcesLearn At HomeVideosConferences & Workshops3.21: Canada's Down Syndrome MagazineThe LowDOWN Podcast
Information
What is Down Syndrome?Educational DevelopmentLiving with Down SyndromeMedical and Health InformationAlzheimer'sAutismPhysical DevelopmentPsychological DevelopmentSocial DevelopmentOther Languages
Events
Events CalendarUp The Down Market DinnerRun Up For Down SyndromePast Events
Store
Down Syndrome SwagGreeting Cards: Through Andrew's EyesApps
Blog
Archive
Support Us
DonationsSponsorshipLeave a LegacyPartnersVolunteerBecome A Member
Home>
About Us>
Privacy
Down Syndrome Resource Foundation Privacy Policy
The Down Syndrome Resource Foundation (DSRF) respects your privacy and seeks to protect your personal information. The protection of personal information is subject to the provisions of the BC Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA), and may be subject to comparable provincial or federal privacy law in Canada.
This Privacy Policy explains how DSRF collects, uses and discloses the personal information that may be provided to DSRF in the course of DSRF completing its mandate.
Personal Information means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, position, name or title, business telephone number, business address, business e-mail or business fax number of the individual. It also does not include the work product information of the individual.
This Privacy Policy outlines the principles and practices DSRF will follow in order to protect your personal information. DSRF will ensure the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information, and as well will follow the legal requirements to allow you to request access to and correction of your personal information.
I. SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to DSRF. DSRF reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that it maintains current with changing laws and regulations.
This Privacy Policy does not impose any limits on the collection, use or disclosure of personal information that:
is covered by one of the exceptions in Sections 12, 15 and 18 of PIPA to collection, use and disclosure of personal information without consent;
was collected prior to January 1, 2004, where the personal information is used and disclosed in order to fulfill the same reasonable purposes for which it was collected;
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information if the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act applies or the federal Access to Information and Privacy Act applies to the personal information.
II. DEFINITIONS
DSRF means the Down Syndrome Resource Foundation.
collection means the act of gathering, acquiring or obtaining personal information from any source, including third parties, by any means.
consent means voluntary agreement to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information for reasonable purposes, which are made known to the individual. Consent can be express or implied. Express consent can be oral or given in writing, but is always unequivocal. Implied consent is consent that can be reasonably inferred from the action or inaction of an individual.
disclosure means making personal information available outside DSRF.
use means the treatment, handling, management and retention of personal information within DSRF.
personal information means information about an identifiable individual excluding the individuals contact information or their work product information.
contact information means information to enable an individual, at a place of business, to be contacted and includes the name, position name or title, business telephone number, business address, business e-mail or business fax number of the individual.
work product information means information prepared or collected by an individual or group of individuals as part of the individuals or groups responsibilities or activities related to the individuals or groups employment or business, but does not include personal information about an individual who did not prepare or collect the personal information.
III. ACCOUNTABILITY
DSRF is accountable for the protection of the personal information under its control and has designated as its Privacy Officer the Director, Finance & Administration.
IV. COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unless the purposes for collecting the personal information are obvious, and you voluntarily provide your personal information for that obvious purpose, we will communicate the purposes for which personal information is being collected, either orally or in writing, before or at the time of collection.
The mandate of DSRF is to empower individuals with Down syndrome to reach their full potential throughout life by pioneering and providing educational programs and services, disseminating information, and changing attitudes.
DSRF relies on effective fundraising initiatives, grants and user fees to fulfill its mandate. During the course of carrying out its mandate, DSRF may collect your personal information. We will only collect your information by fair and lawful means and where it is necessary to, fulfill the following purposes:
to correspond with families, professionals, volunteers and donors
to gather information on students for effective program placement and monitoring
to run effective fundraising events and campaigns
to issue tax receipts where applicable
to review historical data on students, donations, donors, etc., in order to identify trends, gaps, revenue sources and improve operational efficiencies
V. CONSENT
DSRF will obtain consent to collect, use or disclose personal information except where as noted in this privacy policy, or where we are authorized or required to do so without consent.
Consent can be provided orally, in writing, or electronically, or it can be implied where the purpose for collecting, using or disclosing the personal information would be considered obvious to a reasonable person and you voluntarily provide your personal information for that purpose.
Consent may also be implied where you are given notice and a reasonable opportunity to opt out of your personal information being used or disclosed and you do not opt out.
Subject to the personal information being necessary to provide the service or product or where the withdrawal of consent would frustrate the performance of a legal obligation, you can withhold or withdraw your consent from DSRF to use your personal information for particular purposes. If you choose to withdraw your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, DSRF will advise you of the consequences of the withdrawal.
VI. USING AND DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
DSRF will only use or disclose personal information where it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or for a purpose reasonably related to those purposes.
DSRF may disclose personal information where required or authorized by law, without your consent.
To the extent that we enter into contracts or other arrangements with third parties, which involve the transfer of personal information, we will ensure that the third party enters into appropriate covenants with us to provide the same level of protection over your personal information that DSRF provides.
In some cases, DSRF may seek your consent for the use and disclosure of your information after it has been collected, but before it is used or disclosed, for example, where DSRF wants to use your personal information for a purpose not previously identified to you.
DSRF does not, as a condition of supplying products or services to you, require you to consent to collection, use or disclosure of personal information beyond what is necessary to provide the product or service.
DSRF does not attempt to obtain consent for collecting, using or disclosing your personal information by providing false or misleading information regarding the purposes for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information or by using deceptive or misleading practices. DSRF will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have obtained your explicit consent to do so.
VII. RETAINING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If DSRF uses your personal information to make a decision that directly affects you, DSRF will retain that personal information for at least one year, so that you have a reasonable opportunity to request access to it.
Subject to the above, DSRF will retain your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes, or to fulfill a legal or business purpose.
VIII. ENSURING ACCURACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
DSRF relies on the information provided by its stakeholders, and will make reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information is accurate and complete. If there has been or will be any change to an individuals or organizations personal or corporate information then they should contact DSRF to provide updated information.
To the extent that you believe that the personal information you provided to DSRF may no longer be accurate or complete, you may advise DSRF to update its records. A request to update your personal information must be made in writing, by phone or email, and provide sufficient detail to identify the personal information and the correction being sought. Your request to update or correct your personal information should be forwarded to Director, Finance & Administration.
If you successfully demonstrate to DSRF that your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, DSRF will correct the personal information as required.
IX. SECURING PERSONAL INFORMATION
DSRF has implemented security safeguards to protect personal information regardless of the format in which it is held, against loss or theft, unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal or similar risks. DSRF uses safeguards which are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
DSRF uses the following security measures to ensure that your personal information is being appropriately protected:
1. Physical measures such as locked filing cabinets, drawers and offices, and restricted access to offices;
2. Organizational measures such as limiting access on a need to know basis and requiring service providers to provide comparable security measures; and
3. Technological measures such as the use of user ids, passwords, encryption, and internet firewalls, and anti-virus software.
When disposing of or anonymizing personal information, DSRF will use appropriate security measures to ensure that your personal information is not inappropriately used.
DSRF will, on a regular basis, review and update security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure ongoing personal information security.
From time to time, your personal information may be disclosed outside of Canada, where it may be subject to the lawful access requirements of the jurisdiction.
X. PROVIDING ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have a right to access the personal information that is held by DSRF. This right is subject to exceptions which are set out in PIPA.
In order to obtain access to your personal information, you must make a written request that provides sufficient detail to allow DSRF to identify the personal information being sought.
You may be required to provide sufficient personal information to identify yourself in order to enable DSRF to verify your identity before providing you with your personal information. You may also be asked more specific questions about the type and amount of personal information that you are seeking.
DSRF will make the information available within 30 working days. If DSRF is seeking an extension in order to respond to your request, DSRF will provide you with written notice of the extension.
In responding to your access request, DSRF will provide you with your personal information that is under its control, information about the ways in which the personal information has been and is being used by DSRF, and the names of the individuals and organizations to whom the personal information has been disclosed by DSRF.
If DSRF refuses in whole or in part to provide you access to your personal information, we will notify you in writing. The notification will include providing you the reasons for the refusal, in particular, the exceptions in PIPA upon which we are relying, and will advise you of any recourse which is available to you as a result of DSRFs refusal.
XI. CHALLENGING COMPLIANCE: QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
At any time you may seek information about DSRFs privacy policies and practices by contacting DSRFs privacy officer at Director, Finance & Administration.
If you have a question or a complaint about DSRFs privacy practices, you should direct that complaint, concern or question in writing to the Privacy Officer designated under this Privacy Policy. DSRF has implemented an Inquiry/Complaint Handling Policy to receive and respond to your inquiry or concern or complaint about the policies and practices relating to the handling of your personal information.
If you provide a written complaint, concern or question to DSRF, DSRF will advise you of the complaint procedure. DSRF will also conduct a review into your concern or complaint. If DSRF concludes that a complaint is justified, DSRF will take appropriate measures which may include amending its policies and practices. DSRF will inform you of the outcome of its review regarding your question or complaint.
If you are not satisfied with the resolution proposed by DSRF, you will be advised as to the appropriate procedure to elevate your concern.
Blog
Archive
November 2020October 2020September 2020August 2020July 2020May 2020April 2020March 2020January 2020December 2019November 2019October 2019September 2019June 2019February 2018March 2017June 2016March 2016February 2016January 2016March 2015January 2015October 2014June 2014April 2014March 2014February 2014December 2013September 2013August 2013July 2013June 2013May 2013April 2013March 2013February 2013January 2013November 2012May 2012
Home Sweet Home
See More on Youtube
Please check out our latest blog!
In the Face of "No"
I sit at the bedside of my youngest child, Penelope, and take her on a submarine ride. Her bedtime story is about a purple octopus who lives deep in the ocean and wraps itself around her submarine because it wants a hug. I am completely delighted and in my element with storytelling. Penelope is equally enthralled. I find it is easy to do what I naturally enjoy doing in the company of someone who adores and appreciates my doing it.
Storytelling and reading books to my kids are activities where I dont have to stretch as a parent; Im simply doing what I love best, being myself, and my children are benefitting. These moments effortlessly evoke my best self.
But there are hard ways we grow as parents. Lessons we learn by taking the long way around. Facing tears and the word no has been one such journey for me.
Often to grow we need to fail. We need to get it wrong so we can figure out how to get it right. Elyses hair has been one of those things we have failed at many times, but for which we are striving to get right. For as long as I can remember, my attempts to brush Elyses hair have brought on tears. And Im not talking about a few tears. Im talking about wailing, screaming, outrage and no, no, no, no, NO! Not every time, but enough theres a sore spot. The mere mention of brushing hair brings wrath and meltdown city (as my husband and I have come to call it). We tried everything. Different combs, brushes, de-tanglers. Mom or dad brushing gently right out of the tub, or when her hairs dry, or the next morning; Elyse brushing her own hair, keeping it long or cutting it short, brushing more frequently or less frequently, trying to build in a routine, trying to brush at her schedule and pace to varying degrees of success. Were finally at a better place with her hair brushing  she does it mostly herself, but we still have to help her do her hair. I cannot say that this screaming and crying behaviour from Elyse evokes the best behaviour from me  of course it doesnt! At a certain point, her tears left me feeling angry, resentful, and helpless. This has to get done! What do you want from me? I want to scream back. Its hard to admit when youre a mother feeling like she doesnt know what her child wants or needs. Thank goodness for siblings and insight.
One weekend, Elyse had her dance recital. Dance and music are Elyses life. She lives through movement, and in moments of tension, we often find solace and common ground through music and dance. Knowing full well I would be on hair duty for the recital, I took many deep breaths in preparation for the tears that would ensue in getting her ready to perform. Even as adults, its hard to break a pattern of thought and to think positively about a situation that once, or many times, has caused you emotional hardship.
Elyse is a champ getting ready. She lets me brush through her incredibly long hair with a comb after her tub, after she does an initial brushing herself. She staves off the tears that eventually roll down her cheeks for as long as she can, but then they come, accompanied by short outbursts and wails as I ever gently work her hair into two buns. I feel badly for her tears. A dance recital isnt a necessity in life, and yet I was putting her through this hair torture  for what? But to counter that thought, you can argue that nothing is necessary, and damn it, if my kids start something and reach a certain point they are going to follow through. Tears or no tears.
I remain calm and composed in my role as hairdresser, though coursing below the surface is a long-standing annoyance over the responsibility and the difficulty of doing Elyses hair; the lengths I go not to upset her, the inevitability of her upheaval. On top of it all, I dont particularly enjoy doing hair.
My eldest, Ariel wants to be in the room to watch Elyse get her hair and makeup done. Had it been me in her shoes, I would have bailed when Elyse started crying, but Ariel insists on being in the tiny bathroom with us, and she is the one who comforts her sister better than I could with comments like: Your hair is going to look so pretty, Elyse! and Youre watching Teen Titans! Is that your favourite show? Standing there, hairspray can in hand, I am amazed by how much Ariel has inside of her to give. She has more of herself to give than I do, of that I feel sure, and in that same moment, I live an experience I have been writing about, but never fully understood. Through her tears, Elyse is also giving all she has to give. She is at her max and that is it, there is no more. Expressing her frustrations about getting her hair done through her tears is all she has to give. I gave all I have to give too, but I can do better. I can do better and be better by realizing that my child is doing the best she can, and that each of us only has so much to give. Myself included. I can be better by realizing that accepting the people you love for who they are, and for what they have to give, is the meaning of unconditional love.
I realized I was setting myself up to fail by expecting that Elyse should behave the way I want her to, the way society would dictate, instead of just accepting her for who she is. Nobody willingly wants to disappoint their loved ones through their behaviour. She is communicating in the only way she knows how. And with that idea came the thought and true understanding of she is doing the best she can. I focus on do it my way  the right way  as the only way, when of course that is not true. Elyse, all my children, show me regularly that there is more than one way of doing things. I would be wise to pay attention.
While Ariel pointed the way through her shining example of unconditional love, it was Elyse who forced me to come around the hard way, who reached for that most sequestered place of my heart and called it forth by saying, here, even when its hard, this is what it means to love me.
Read More on The Blog
15/10/2020
Up the Down Market Toronto 2020
Up the Down Market Toronto will take place virtually on October 15, 2020
See more Events
3.21 Magazine
Down syndrome information and inspiration for Canadians
Subscribe
Empower individuals with Down Syndrome to Reach their Full Potential
Donate Now!
DSRF's Down Syndrome Swag Shop
Official DSRF merchandise and exclusive Down syndrome t-shirts, hats, baby items and accessories!
Go to the Down Syndrome Swag Shop
1409 Sperling Avenue, Burnaby
British Columbia, Canada
V5B 4J8
Fax: +1 604 431 9248
Phone: +1 604 444 3773
E-mail: info@dsrf.org
X Close
UPend expectations, UPgrade quality of life,and UPlift individuals with Down syndrome.DONATE NOW!
>