http://www.huntsville-gastroenterology.com/privacy-policy.shtml
Home
About
CCDD Physicians
CCDD Offices
CCDD Patient Forms
Employment
Non-Discrimination Policy
GI Physicians
Dr. Michael W. Brown
Dr. Rajesh K. Patel
Dr. Dino Ferrante
Dr. Julian Billings
Dr. John-Paul Voelkel
Dr. Meredith Roath
Dr. Mark Moglowsky
Endoscopy Center
Contact Endoscopy Center
Endoscopy Center Forms
Resources
GI Conditions
GI Imaging
GI Procedures
GI Videos
Online Resources
Patient Forms CCDD
Patient Forms HEC
NEW! Pharmacy
Careers
Employment Opportunities
Contact
Main Huntsville Office
Gallatin Street Office
Madison Office
Huntsville Endoscopy Center
Pharmacy
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy While Using the CCDD Website
Effective Date: January 1, 2011
THE FOLLOWING POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) DISCLOSES THE PRIVACY PRACTICES FOR THE CENTER FOR COLON AND DIGESTIVE DISEASE, P.A. (“CCDD”) WEBSITE (“Website”). AS PART OF THE NORMAL OPERATION OF THIS SITE, WE MAY COLLECT INFORMATION AND, IN SOME CASES, DISCLOSE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBES THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHAT HAPPENS TO THAT INFORMATION.
Information Collection and Use. CCDD is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. CCDD collects information from our users at several different points on our Website.
Links. This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that CCDD is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of, such other Websites and services. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Notification Of Changes. CCDD may decide to change our privacy policy at any time. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
Legal Disclosures. CCDD may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to prevent injury or property damage. We will usually attempt to notify you when we are making such a disclosure, but we may not do so in an emergency or when we are prohibited by law or court order from giving such notice.
Information We Collect. Our web server collects and stores the following general information about you:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account);
The date and time you access our service;
The pages you visit;
The Internet address of the website which provided the link to us, or if you arrived without clicking a link but rather by entering our website address directly;
The name and release number of the web browser software you are using.
This information is collected automatically and is not linked to your personal identity. It is used in an aggregate way to help us improve our Website and make it more useful to you.
This information may be shared with a third-party web analytics company. Also, we may share information in an aggregated, de-identified form with third parties with whom we have a business relationship.
Notwithstanding the above, CCDD may collect personally identifiable information regarding users who voluntarily provide such information (e.g., e-mail addresses of users who send CCDD e-mail, or those who opt-in for CCDD e-mail campaigns, etc.).
Use of Cookies. Cookies are small files that Websites may place on your computing device that allow a Websites to identify you. The use of cookies is a standard and common practice of many websites. For example, if you allow a website to remember your login name or password, the website places a cookie on your computer. We may place cookies on your computer to allow us to know when you are on our Website. We may use cookies to measure web traffic, to offer you certain products or services, and to customize your visit. However, if you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, your Internet browser may permit you to do so. In many Internet browsers, you can change the browser settings to warn you before accepting cookies or to block cookies. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain Website features or functions, or this Website may not operate in an optimal mode.
Online Forms and E-mail Communication. We do not obtain personal information (e.g., name, address, e-mail address, etc.) about you when you visit the CCDD Website unless you choose voluntarily to provide such information to us. If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail, by using a form like "Contact Us," or by registering to receive information from us, there are a few things you should know.
Various people at CCDD may see the material you submit.
We may enter the information you send into our electronic database, to share with our physicians, other healthcare professionals, or our Internet services staff.
In other limited circumstances, including requests from legal authorities, we may be required by law to disclose information you submit.
We cannot guarantee that electronic mail and other Internet communications channels are secure against interception. Please do not e-mail CCDD if your communication is for a treatment purpose or includes personal information like your diagnosis or medical history.
Changes and Updates. We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to regularly review the Privacy Policy to be informed of how this Website is protecting your information.
Copyright © 2019, Center for Colon & Digestive Disease. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseNo DiscriminationSitemap