http://www.bullcreekoptometrist.com.au/privacy-policy
About
About Us
Staff
Health Funds & Billing
Openpay
New Patient Information
Services
Eye Tests
Children's Vision
Myopia Management
OrthoK
Visual Perception
Vision Therapy
Occupational Therapy
Foreign Body Removal
Eyewear
Frames
Lenses
Contact Lenses
Sunglasses
Accidental Damage Plan
Eye Health
Your Prescription
Cataracts
Age-related macular degeneration
Diabetic retinopathy
Keratoconus
Lazy Eye
Strabismus
Technology
Retinal Imaging
OCT
Topography
Visual Field
Vivid Vision Virtual Reality
News
Contact Us
Book Online
Privacy Policy Bullcreek Optometrist recognises the importance of protecting your privacy. We are bound by, and committed to complying with, our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).  This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit our website and how you can contact us if you want to access or correct any personal information that we hold about you. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONINFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO USWhen using our website, you provide some of your personal information through the following interactions:When you submit an enquiry formWhen you sign up to our newsletterWhen you book an appointment through our online booking systemINFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN USING OUR WEBSITEAs you interact with our website, we also automatically collect usage and technical data about your device, including:Information about your web browser, mobile device, IP address, time zone, and location.Information about your browsing actions and patterns. We collect this information using technologies such as cookies, log files, and pixels.HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We collect personal information from you so that we can provide you with a high standard of customer service in relation to our products and service. We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes: To communicate with youWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or servicesWhen using our online booking function on our website, to create an appointment via our online booking partner, My
Health 1st. For more information on how My Health 1st holds and uses your personal information please visit: http://info.myhealth1st.com.au/privacy-policy/COOKIES A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to help us to understand and save your preferences for future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to tailor information about products and services which might be of interest to you.For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.ANALYTICSWe use Google’s Analytics cookies which helps us to identify unique, but anonymous users. These Cookies can also calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our website, the date and time of a user’s visit, the pages a user has viewed and the time spent by users at the website. This helps us gather feedback so that we can maintain and improve our website. You can read more about how Google uses your personal information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.ADVERTISINGWe use some cookies to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise on third party sites to you after you visited our website. Based
on the content you have engaged with on our website, Google are able to deliver some targeted adverts across other Google partner websites. For further information about Google Ads please see: https://safety.google/privacy/ads-and-data/.Facebook Pixel enables us to measure, optimize and build audiences for advertising campaigns served on Facebook. For
further information about the Facebook Pixel please see: https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616 For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.You can opt out of targeted advertising by visiting:Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsGoogle - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousAdditionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.DIRECT MARKETINGIf you have given your consent to receive direct marketing from us, whether via our website or in store, we may use the information you have given us to contact you with updates, including product and services information, offers, and other news.You can opt out of direct marketing or change your preferences at any time. You can click “unsubscribe” in the footer of any our direct marketing communications, email us at reception@bullcreekoptometrist.com.au. or call 08 9332 7222.SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will not sell or rent your personal information.  We will only share your personal information with our selected third parties for the purposes referred to above.  We may share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou have the right, subject to some regulated exceptions, to access your personal information and amend it if it is incorrect. Your rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data are briefly summarised below:Right of access to data: This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.Right to request correction of data: This enables you to correct the personal data we hold about you.Right to object to marketing & withdraw consent at any time: This enables you to opt out of direct marketing at any time.Right to make a complaint: You have the right to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner for data protection issues. CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, or if you have any questions or concerns, please contact us via email at reception@bullcreekoptometrist.com.au, phoning us on 08 9332 7222 or by mail using the details provided below:Unit 1/78 Calley Drive, Leeming, WA, 6149, Australia
Email Address
Sign Up
Thanks for signing up!