http://www.pinestreetanimalclinic.com/privacy-policy
HOME
ABOUT US
Our Veterinarians
Our Careteam
Hospital Tour
Photo Gallery
Reviews
Testimonials
FREE Office Visit for New Clients
SERVICES
Wellness & Vaccinations
Wellness Plans
Allergies & Dermatology
Nutrition & Weight Management
Diagnostics
Dentistry
Surgery
Laser Therapy
Boarding
Grooming
Critical Care
Our Boarding Facilities
COVID-19 Update
RESOURCES
Request an Appointment
Request a Refill
Boarding Registration
Client Forms
Links
BLOG
CONTACT
Request Appointment
Privacy Policy Last Updated: December 9, 2019
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 9, 2019
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.The following terms and conditions govern all use of the pinestreetanimalclinic.com website and all content available through the website (collectively referred to as pinestreetanimalclinic.com). pinestreetanimalclinic.com is owned and operated by Pine Street Animal Clinic. pinestreetanimalclinic.com is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Pine Street Animal Clinic’s Terms of Service) and procedures that may be published from time to time on pinestreetanimalclinic.com (collectively referred to as the “Agreement”). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using pinestreetanimalclinic.com. By accessing or using any part of the website, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access pinestreetanimalclinic.com or use any services.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, respond to a survey or marketing communication or enter information on pinestreetanimalclinic.com.
How do we use your information?
Any of the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf our website or use other site features may be used in the following ways: To personalize your experience and allow pinestreetanimalclinic.com to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested in
To improve customer relations in responding to your customer service requests
To send periodic updates on company services
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services
To follow up with customers after correspondence of email, phone inquiries or live chat
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include full detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information? The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We do not ask for sensitive information via our online forms and any information submitted via those forms are sent in clear text via email, which is not a secure form of communication. Do not submit any sensitive information via our online forms (e.g. Social Security Number, Date of Birth, Driver’s License Number, etc)We only provide articles and informationWe do not ask for credit card numbers, social security numbers, date of birth, or driver’s license numbers.We use regular malware scanning Do We Use Cookies Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.We use cookies to: Third-Party Disclosures We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties users’ Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Third-Party Links
You understand that the Site may contain links to third party web sites that are not owned or controlled by Pine Street Animal Clinic ("Third Party Sites") and that Third Party Sites may contain advertisements, products, pictures, graphics, photographs, trademarks, logos, text, comments, messages, information, audiovisual work, sound recordings, musical compositions, lyrics, and other works and intellectual property (without limitation, "Third Party Content") that is not owned or controlled by Pine Street Animal Clinic. Without in any way limiting any other provisions of these Terms, Pine Street Animal Clinic makes no representations whatsoever about any Third Party Site or Third Party Content that you may access through the Site. When you access any other website, you understand that it is entirely independent from the Site, and that Pine Street Animal Clinic has no control over the content of such website nor of its policies. Pine Street Animal Clinic will not and cannot investigate, monitor, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Sites or Third Party Content. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that Third Party Sites and Third Party Content are free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs and other items of a destructive nature. If you access any Third Party Site or use or install any Third Party Content, you do so at your own risk. In addition, a link to another website does not mean that Pine Street Animal Clinic endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, use or policies of the linked website or that the policies of that website are consistent with our policies or the terms and conditions of these Terms. We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of any linked site. You acknowledge and agree that all Third Party Content and Third Party Sites shall be governed by the terms of use and other rules established by the owners, operators or providers of such Third Party Content and/or Third Party Sites, and that Pine Street Animal Clinic shall not be a party to, and shall play no role whatsoever in any dispute you may have with the owners, operators or providers of such Third Party Content and/or Third Party Sites. By using the Site, you expressly release Pine Street Animal Clinic from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Site or Third Party Content.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/972-772-7777?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufUsers can visit our site anonymouslyOnce this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our websiteOur Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified aboveYou will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:On our Privacy Policy PageYou can change your personal information:By emailing usBy calling usAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: How Does Our Site Handle Do Not Track Signals? We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place; however, your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on the collection of certain information by the website's security mechanisms that are in place to improve security. Be advised that any third party links on the website may or may not honor Do Not Track Signals. Below are links that explain how to turn on and off Do Not Track Signals in some of the browsers.Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/972-772-7777?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=enFireFox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-featureEdge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/972-772-7777/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-microsoft-privacySafari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/prevent-cross-site-tracking-sfri40732/mac COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.Within 1 business dayWe will notify the users via in-site notification:Within 1 business dayWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email: Intellectual property
This Agreement does not transfer from pinestreetanimalclinic.com to you any of pinestreetanimalclinic.com or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with pinestreetanimalclinic.com. The Pine Street Animal Clinic logo and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with pinestreetanimalclinic.com are trademarks or registered trademarks of pinestreetanimalclinic.com. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with pinestreetanimalclinic.com may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of pinestreetanimalclinic.com grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any of the pinestreetanimalclinic.com or third-party trademarks.
Changes
Pine Street Animal Clinic reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to pinestreetanimalclinic.com following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Pine Street Animal Clinic may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through pinestreetanimalclinic.com (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Disclaimer of warranties
pinestreetanimalclinic.com is provided “as is”. Pine Street Animal Clinic and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Pine Street Animal Clinic nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that pinestreetanimalclinic.com will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that it is your responsibility to ensure that the privacy policy you create is complete, accurate, and meets your company’s specific privacy needs. We are not liable or responsible for any privacy policies created using our services, and we give no representations or warranties, express or implied, that the privacy policies created using our service are complete, accurate or free from errors or omissions.
Contacting us Any questions about these terms of service and privacy policy should be addressed to us via our contact form.
WORKING HOURS
Monday – Friday 7:30 am – 6:00 pmSaturday 8:00 am – 2:00 pmSunday – Closed
FOLLOW US
VISIT US
903 S. Pine St.Cabot, AR 72023
CONTACT US Phone: (501) 843-3559
Sign Up for Our Email Newsletter
Email Newsletter Sign Up
New Field:
Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible
Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later
© 2020
All Rights Reserved | TERMS OF USE
| PRIVACY POLICY
Share by: