https://www.talkinternational.com/privacy-policy-and-disclaimer/
Connect with us
Toggle navigation
Mercury-Free/Biological/HolisticDentists & Professionals Directory
Health Solutions& Products Directory
HolisticAddiction Treatment
Holistic Addiction Treatment
TRUE STORY: A Mother Saves Her Son from Opiate Addiction Using Holistic Treatments
The Pouyan Method
Holistic Addiction Treatment Library
RelatedIssues
Fluoride
Vaccinations
GMOs
Nutritional Supplement Regulation
Holistic Living
Order or RenewYour Listing
Why List Your Practice?
Join Us!
Manage Your Listing
Health News Feeds
Directories
Mercury-Free/Biological/HolisticDentist & Professionals Directory
Products & Health Solutions Directory
Order or Renew Your Listing
Mercury Toxicity Info
Going to the Dentist:What you need to know
Heavy Metal Detoxification
Articles & Research
Media Library
Informative Links
Are You Mercury Toxic?
Meridian Tooth Chart
Community
Do you need help?Or want to get involved?
Discussion Groups
Events-Seminars-Conferences
Mercury Poisoning Stories
Organizations
Help the Cause! Donate!
Profiles: People Making a Difference
Current Legislative Activities
Join Us On Facebook
hotmail.com
Print This Page
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
DISCLAIMER:
The information provided on this site is collected from a variety of sources and is for informational purposes only. The information provided is not intended as a substitute for advice from your physician or other health care professional or any information contained on or in any product label or packaging. You should not use the information on this site for diagnosis or treatment of any health problem or for prescription of any medication or other treatment. You should consult with a healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem. You should not stop taking any pharmaceutical product without first consulting your prescribing physician. Neither Talk International.com, it’s directors, assignees, employees, service providers and others whose content is made available on this site, shall not be held responsible either directly or indirectly for the accuracy of the content thereof.
PRIVACY POLICY
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the TalkInternational.com (“TALK”) web site.
TALK may capture implicit information from users who visit our web site for aggregate statistical analysis and site customization. Implicit information is data that we can gather about the user without asking them. Importantly, aggregate statistical analysis means that TALK reviews trends based on information as a whole, but does not do so in an effort to identify the individual identity of the visitor to its site.
We also may solicit email for site feedback, business development, press inquiries, and human resources inquiries. In select instances, this information may be shared with reputable third companies. However, TALK does not willfully disclose human resource information solicited from our web site to third parties.
IP addresses may be logged to track a user’s session. An IP address is the unique numerical identity of your computer. When we “log” an IP address, it means that our Web site associates a visit or series of visits to that unique numerical identity. TALK also uses cookies in order to assist in aggregate statistical analysis and sometimes provide site customization based on anonymous session tracking. In other words, TALK uses cookies to determine trends for users as a whole, but not as means to learn about your individual identity. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to determine the actual identity of users. On their own, they can be used to identify a computer, but not who is using that computer. Because of this, if TALK customizes the site based on cookies, we won’t know who you are unless you tell us.
TALK collects the visitor’s domain name (e.g. whether the user is logged on from sit.com), referral data (e.g. we record the last URL a user visited prior to clicking to TALK), as well as browser and platform type (e.g., a Microsoft browser on a Macintosh platform). We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor’s activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our sites (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within Talk International.com). When and if TALK does present aggregated information to outside companies, no one would be able to identify you or contact you.
TALK uses links throughout its web site to provide a visitor with the opportunity to contact us via email for a variety of purposes (including business development and human resource inquires). TALK may file information from emails, review and discard the information, and share this information with third parties. Human resource information will not be shared with a third party without the express consent of the individual.
We encourage patients, consumers and health professionals to connect, ask questions, provide answers, experiences, and recommendations.
Guaranteed Addiction Recovery
Innovative & Effective
Join Our Email List
First Name:
Last Name:
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
We will never share your email address with anyone!
“Like” Our Facebook Page
TALKInternational.com
TALKInternational.com
Mercury-Free/Biological/Holistic Dentist & Professionals DirectoryProducts & Health Solutions DirectoryDo you need help? Or want to get involved?Related Issues
FluorideVaccinationsGMOsNutritional Supplement RegulationHolistic Living Back
Order or Renew Your Listing
Join Us!Manage Your Listing Back
Mercury and other Health Topics in the NewsMercury Toxicity Info
Going to the Dentist: What you need to knowHeavy Metal DetoxificationArticles & ResearchMedia LibraryInformative LinksAre You Mercury Toxic?Meridian Tooth Chart Back
Community
Discussion GroupsEvents-Seminars-ConferencesMercury Poisoning StoriesOrganizationsHelp the Cause! Donate!People Making a DifferenceCurrent Legislative ActivitiesJoin Us on Facebook Back
× Close Panel