http://www.lloydspharmacy.com/pages/privacy-policy
Delivery updatePlease note standard deliveries may take up to 7 - 10 working days. Find out more.
FREE Click & Collect on orders over £15
NHS prescriptions delivered for FREE by Echo
Discreet consultation with Online Doctor
Home
/
Privacy policy
On this page
Privacy policy
On this page
1. About us
www.lloydspharmacy.com (the “Website”) is operated by LloydsPharmacy Limited (“we”, “us”, “our”). We are a member of the McKesson UK Group of companies (“Group”) whose principal operating companies are:
AAH PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITEDBARCLAY PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITEDBETTERLIFEHEALTHCARE LIMITEDEXPERT HEALTH LIMITEDJOHN BELL & CROYDEN LIMITEDLLOYDS PHARMACY LIMITEDLLOYDS PHARMACY CLINICAL HOMECARE LIMITEDMASTA LIMITEDSANGERS (NORTHERN IRELAND) LIMITEDSAVORY & MOORE (JERSEY) LIMITEDSTEPHEN SMITH LIMITED
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you, how we and our Group may use it, and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure. We also explain your rights and how to contact us.
Please note, our Website may contain links to other websites which are provided for your convenience. We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this Website. We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit.
By clicking the “I Accept” box at a point of registration and each time you make a payment, submitting your personal data to us, and using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
You are permitted to establish a link to our Website from other sites provided that, if we believe it would damage us or any of our Group companies or a LloydsPharmacy Partner, you must remove the link immediately if we ask you to do so.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Paula Bennett by calling 02476 432 670 or via email at Paula.Bennett@mckesson.uk.
2. Changes to this privacy policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes we may make will be posted on this page, so please check back frequently. Your continued use of our Website and our services after posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to, any changes.
3. What is Personally Identifiable Information (PII) / Personal Data?
Personal data or PII means any information relating to a person who can be identified either directly or indirectly by that information; it may include but is not restricted to name, address, email address, phone number, credit / debit card number, IP address, location data and purchase history.
The personal data we collect
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you provide to us
In order to provide the services you require you may provide us with:
written or verbal information by creating an account with us;
answering questions;
filling in forms on our Website;
using applications; and
by corresponding with us by e-mail, telephone or otherwise.
information you provide when you purchase products and/or services from us;
reply to an email;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; and
when you report a problem with our Website.
The personal information you provide may include:
your name;
gender;
date of birth;
billing and delivery address
orders, receipts
e-mail address;
telephone number; and
financial and billing information (including your payment card information if you pay for any order by credit or debit card).
For your security, we will also keep an encrypted record of your login password.
Information we collect about you
We may collect your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
We will also collect details of your interactions with us through our contact centres, in-store, online and when you use any of our mobile applications.
Should you visit us in store, your image may be recorded on CCTV. Clear and visible signs will be on the premises to advise you where CCTV monitoring is taking place. We may review CCTV footage for a number of reasons, for example, if there is reasonable suspicion of a criminal offence having been committed or if we are required to do so by law.
All personal information, including where carts are abandoned and where personal information is obtained about you and/or any other person whose details you provide will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation, our Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy.
To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your computer or device, internet connection and browser as well as the country, where your computer or device is located, your IP address, the pages viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, any search terms you may enter on our Website and other information about your visit and how you used our Website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies on our Cookie Policy. This information may be combined with other information you provide to us, as described above.
Information we receive from other sources
We also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. This may be combined with other information you provide to us, as described above.
Information about other people
If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself, you confirm that you have made that person aware of how we may collect, use and disclose their information, the reason you have provided it, how they can contact us, the terms of this policy and that they have consented to such collection, use and disclosure.
5. How we will use your information
to create and maintain your customer account once you become a registered customer;
to process and fulfil any orders that you place with us (through our Website, our mobile applications or in-store). If we don’t collect your personal data during checkout, we won’t be able to process your order;
to continuously improve our service to our customers by monitoring telephone calls which we receive at our branches and call centres for the purposes of staff training, quality control and service improvement;
to respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints. Handling the information you submit to us enables us to respond effectively. We may also keep a record of these queries to inform any future communications between us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service;
we may (where you consent) use your personal data, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone and through our contact centres about relevant products and services including tailored special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on. Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;
to resolve any disputes, if you lawfully exercise your rights or if you wish to dispute any part of our service offering;
to process your booking and/or appointment requests (for example, when using our in-store services booking form);
to communicate with you in the event that any services requested are unavailable or if there is a query or problem with your order;
to capture your product reviews, for example when you buy goods and services from us we may follow it up with an enquiry about your experience of the product to help us gauge customer satisfaction. You are not obligated to leave reviews and ratings but this facility would enable you to get your views of the product across should you wish to do so;
to notify you about changes to our services and to send you service emails relating to the activities you have asked us to undertake on your behalf;
as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure; and
to comply with applicable law, for example, in response to a request from a court or regulatory body, where such request is made in accordance with the law.
Lawful grounds for processing
To process your data lawfully we need to rely on one or more valid legal grounds. The grounds we may rely upon for the processing of your Personal Data include:
your consent to particular processing activities. For example, where you have consented to us using your information for marketing purposes;
your request for content, products or services necessitating steps including processing of your personal data to be taken prior to entering into contract with you and any processing that is necessary for the performance of such contract;
legitimate interests we pursue as a business, except where such interests are overridden by your interests and fundamental rights; and
compliance with any legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, the processing for the purposes of complying with applicable law.
7. Disclosure of your personal data
There are circumstances where we wish to disclose or are compelled by law to disclose your personal data to third parties. This will only take place in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes listed above. These scenarios include disclosure to:
our subsidiaries, branches or associated offices;
our Group companies who may contact you by email, phone or post about other products and services (including those from other organisations) in which you may be interested (where you have consented to such communication);
manufacturers, including those identified on our Website, who have a relationship or contract with you for the purposes of providing rebates on the Goods you buy from our managed stocks;
our outsourced service providers or suppliers to facilitate the provision of our products and/or services to you, for example:
- our panel of medical experts, printing companies and mailing houses;
- manufacturers of the Goods in the efforts to understand customer preferences, ensure satisfactory stock levels, to improve products and services and to calculate any volume discounts or rebates which may be applicable to your account;- our data centre provider for the safe keeping of your personal data, webhosting provider through which your personal data may be collected; and- identity verification partners in order to verify your identity against public databases;
in these circumstances, we will ensure that your personal data is properly protected and that it is only used in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
our nominated third party credit agencies to derive a credit score which will be applied to managing your account. We may also carry out credit checks with licensed credit agencies on your guarantors (if applicable). A record of the search may be kept by us and the agencies;
buying groups of which you are a member, in order to communicate with them on the orders you have placed;
our advertising partners who enable us to deliver personalised ads to your devices or similar advertising;
subject to your consent, to our marketing partners, who may contact you by post, email, telephone, SMS or by other means. If you do not wish to be contacted, you may unsubscribe by clicking “unsubscribe” in the message concerned;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Website. Your personal data is generally shared in a form that does not directly identify you;
third party service providers and consultants in order to protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems and for business continuity reasons;
another legal entity, on a temporary or permanent basis, for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganisation, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event. In the case of a merger or sale, your personal data will be permanently transferred to a successor company;
public authorities where we are required by law to do so;
if required, in order to receive legal advice; and
any other third party where you have provided your consent.
8. Offers and opportunities
We would like to contact you and/or any person whose information you provide to us, to tell you and/or them about offers and opportunities that are available and about a range of other initiatives in a number of ways, including by post, telephone, text/picture/video message or by email.Details of how to opt-in to receiving details of offers are on relevant pages of our Website. You can change your mind at any time (see the section "How to contact us" below).
9. Security
We take the security of personal information very seriously. We employ security technology, including firewalls, and Secure Socket Layers to safeguard information and have procedures in place to ensure that our paper and computer systems and databases are protected against unauthorised disclosure, use, loss and damage.
10. Updating and correcting information
We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes. If you are providing updates or corrections about another person, we may require you to provide us with proof that you are authorised to provide that information to us.You may be able to update or correct your personal information online in the “My Account” area or by contacting us in writing or by email (see the section "How to contact us" below). Please include your name, address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person.
11. International transfer of personal data
We may transfer your personal data to a third party in countries outside the country in which it was originally collected for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out above. In particular, your personal data may be transferred throughout our Group and to our outsourced service providers located outside the EEA states. In these circumstances we will, as required by GDPR provisions, ensure that the receiving country provides adequate protection for individuals’ rights and freedoms for their personal data.
12. Retention of personal data
Regulation or where we have a continued legitimate and lawful purpose to do so. However, we will not retain beyond this period any of your personal data that is no longer required for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. The retention of your personal data will be subject to periodic review.We may keep an anonymised form of your personal data, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
13. Your rights
Data protection law provides data subjects with numerous rights, including the right to: access, rectify, erase, restrict, transport, and object to the processing of, their personal data. Data subjects also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if they believe that their personal data is not being processed in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Right to make subject access request (SAR). Data subjects may, where permitted by applicable law, request copies of their personal data. If you would like to make a SAR, i.e. a request for copies of the personal data we hold about you, you may do so by writing to Paula Bennett, Data Protection Officer, Legal & Compliance, LloydsPharmacy Limited, Sapphire Court, Walsgrave Triangle, Coventry, CV2 2TX. The request should make clear that a SAR is being made. You may also be required to submit a proof of your identity.
Right to rectification. You may request that we rectify any inaccurate and/or complete any incomplete personal data.
Right to withdraw consent. You may, as permitted by applicable law, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to benefit certain service features for which the processing of your personal data is essential.
Right to object to processing, including automated processing and profiling. You may, as permitted by applicable law, request that we stop processing your personal data. In relation to automated processing and profiling, you may object to the processing and you will have the right to obtain human intervention.
Right to erasure. You may request that we erase your personal data and we will comply, unless there is a lawful reason for not doing so. For example, there may be an overriding legitimate ground for keeping your personal data, such as, a legal obligation that we have to comply with, or if retention is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Right to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may request that we provide your personal data to you in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and have it transferred to another provider of the same or similar services. We will comply with such transfer as far as it is technically feasible. Please note that a transfer to another provider does not imply erasure of your personal data which may still be required for legitimate and lawful purposes.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. We suggest that you contact us about any questions or if you have a complaint in relation to how we process your personal data. However, you do have the right to contact the relevant supervisory authority directly. To contact the Information Commissioner’s Office, the supervisory authority in the United Kingdom, please visit the ICO website for instructions.
14. Changes to the privacy laws and policies
Privacy laws and practice are constantly developing and we aim to meet high standards. Our policies and procedures are, therefore, under continual review. We may, from time to time, update our security and privacy policies and suggest that you check this page periodically to review our latest policies.
15. Freedom of information
As a provider of services to the National Health Service, LloydsPharmacy Limited is a public authority for the purposes of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and the Freedom of Information (Scotland) Act 2002. These Acts impose on us a legal obligation to provide information to anybody making a request through an approved publication scheme (in England this is also known as a Guide to Information). The general presumption is that information relating to our public services must be disclosed. However, there are a number of exemptions set out in the relevant Act which enable us to limit what we provide.
The publication scheme is a complete guide to the information routinely made available to the public by LloydsPharmacy Limited. It is a description of the classes of information about our pharmacists and pharmacies which we make publicly available.
Please click here for our Publication Scheme Guide to Information which is made under the Freedom of Information Act 2000.
1. Cookies
In common with many other website operators, we may use standard technology called 'cookies' on this site. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit. You can review our cookie statement here.
Our cookies are used to enable us to develop our Website to reflect our customers’ interests and by noting who has seen which pages, properties and advertisements (including click through from emails), how frequently particular pages are visited and determining the most popular areas of our website. We may use cookies to enrich your experience of using the website by allowing us to tailor what you see to what we have learned about your preferences during your visits to the site.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored. Please note, if you do turn cookies off this will limit the service that we are able to provide to you and may affect your visitor experience.
For further information on cookies and how to switch them off see www.allaboutcookies.org
2. Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
When you visit our Website, we log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet). We use IP addresses to collect broad geographic information on our Site visitors, and to optimise our Website. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
We're always here for you, day and night, with support, advice and healthcare essentials for you and your family.Our website is not support by your current browser, come and join us on:
Get Chrome
Get Firefox
Get Safari
Get Edge
MastercardPayPalVisa