http://www.facialdoctor.com/privacy_statement.htm
OUR
PRACTICE
ABOUT
DR. KLAUSNER
LEARN MORE
SEMINAR INFO
Website Privacy Statement and Notice Informing Individuals
About Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
practice's commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site www.facialdoctor.com . The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our Web site.
If you visit our site to read or download information, such as articles or brochures:
We collect and store only the information
about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet
(for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an American Online
account, or Princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton
University's domain); the date and time you access our site; and the
Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our
site.We use the information we collect to
measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site,
and to help us make our site more useful to you and other visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail:
You may also decide to send us personally identifying
information, for example an electronic mail message containing a
question. In addition, the forms on our site may require users to give us
confidential information, unique identifiers, and demographic
information. This information is used only for the internal purpose of
serving our patients' needs better. This information is not shared with
any other organization(s) without your explicit written request. This
site maintains security measures intended to protect the loss, misuse
and alteration of the information under our control. We want to be very
clear: We will not obtain personally identifying information about you
when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information
to us.
WARNING: This site contains links to other sites. www.facialdoctor.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
HIPAA (Healh Insurance Portability and Accountability Act)
Notice of Privacy Practices
Robert D. Klausner, MD, PA
3501 Health center Blvd., Suite 2240, Bonita Springs
FL, 34135
Privacy Officer:
Robert D. Klausner, MD, FACS 239-498-4968
Effective Date: September
9, 2013
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW
MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET
ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
We understand the
importance of privacy and are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of
your medical information.  We make a
record of the medical care we provide and may receive such records from others.  We use these records to provide or enable
other health care providers to provide quality medical care, to obtain payment
for services provided to you as allowed by your health plan and to enable us to
meet our professional and legal obligations to operate this medical practice
properly. We are required by law to maintain the privacy of protected health
information, to provide individuals with notice of our legal duties and privacy
practices with respect to protected health information, and to notify affected
individuals following a breach of unsecured protected health information. This
notice describes how we may use and disclose your medical information.  It also describes your rights and our legal
obligations with respect to your medical information.  If you have any questions about this Notice, please contact our
Privacy Officer listed above.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A.         How This Medical Practice
May Use or Disclose Your Health Information.................................................................. p.1
B.          When This Medical
Practice May Not Use or Disclose Your Health  Information........................................................ p.3
C.          Your Health Information Rights........................................................................................................................... p.3
1.          Right to Request Special
Privacy Protections
2.          Right to Request
Confidential Communications
3.          Right to Inspect and Copy
4.          Right to Amend or
Supplement
5.          Right to an Accounting of
Disclosures
6.          Right to a Paper or
Electronic Copy of this Notice
D.         Changes to this Notice of
Privacy Practices.............................................................................................................. p.4
E.          Complaints...............................................................................................................................................................
p.4
A.         How This Medical
Practice May Use or Disclose Your Health Information
This
medical practice collects health information about you and stores it in a
chart, and on a computer, and in an electronic health record/personal health
record.  This is your medical
record.  The medical record is the
property of this medical practice, but the information in the medical record
belongs to you.  The law permits us to
use or disclose your health information for the following purposes:
1.          Treatment.  We use
medical information about you to provide your medical care.  We disclose medical information to our
employees and others who are involved in providing the care you need.  For example, we may share your medical
information with other physicians or other health care providers who will
provide services that we do not provide.
Or we may share this information with a pharmacist who needs it to
dispense a prescription to you, or a laboratory that performs a test.  We may also disclose medical information to
members of your family or others who can help you when you are sick or injured,
or after you die.
2.          Payment.  We use and
disclose medical information about you to obtain payment for the services we
provide.  For example, we give your
health plan the information it requires before it will pay us.  We may also disclose information to other
health care providers to assist them in obtaining payment for services they
have provided to you.
3.          Health Care Operations.  We may use
and disclose medical information about you to operate this medical
practice.  For example, we may use and
disclose this information to review and improve the quality of care we provide,
or the competence and qualifications of our professional staff.  Or we may use and disclose this information
to get your health plan to authorize services or referrals.  We may also use and disclose this
information as necessary for medical reviews, legal services and audits,
including fraud and abuse detection and compliance programs and business
planning and management.  We may also
share your medical information with our "business associates," such
as our billing service, that perform administrative services for us.  We have a written contract with each of
these business associates that contains terms requiring them and their
subcontractors to protect the confidentiality and security of your protected
health information. We may also share your information with other health care
providers, health care clearinghouses or health plans that have a relationship
with you, when they request this information to help them with their quality
assessment and improvement activities, their patient-safety activities, their
population-based efforts to improve health or reduce health care costs, their
protocol development, casemanagement or care-coordination activities, their
review of competence, qualifications and performance of health care
professionals, their training programs, their accreditation, certification or
licensing activities, or their health care fraud and abuse detection and
compliance efforts.  We may also share
medical information about you with the other health care providers, health care
clearinghouses and health plans that participate with us in "organized
health care arrangements" (OHCAs) for any of the OHCAs' health care
operations. OHCAs include hospitals, physician organizations, health plans, and
other entitieswhich collectively provide health care services. A listing of the
OHCAs we participate in is available from the Privacy Official.
4.          Appointment Reminders.  We may use
and disclose medical information to contact and remind you about
appointments.  If you are not home, we
may leave this information on your answering machine or in a message left with
the person answering the phone.
5.          Sign In Sheet.  We may use
and disclose medical information about you by having you sign in when you
arrive at our office.  We may also call
out your name when we are ready to see you.
6.          Notification and
Communication With Family.  We may disclose your health information to
notify or assist in notifying a family member, your personal representative or
another person responsible for your care about your location, your general
condition or, unless you had instructed us otherwise, in the event of your
death.  In the event of a disaster, we
may disclose information to a relief organization so that they may coordinate
these notification efforts.  We may also
disclose information to someone who is involved with your care or helps pay for
your care.  If you are able and
available to agree or object, we will give you the opportunity to object prior
to making these disclosures, although we may disclose this information in a
disaster even over your objection if we believe it is necessary to respond to
the emergency circumstances.  If you are
unable or unavailable to agree or object, our health professionals will use
their best judgment in communication with your family and others.
7.          Marketing.  Provided we
do not receive any payment for making these communications, we may contact you
to give you information about products or services related to your treatment,
case management or care coordination, or to direct or recommend other
treatments, therapies, health care providers or settings of care that may be of
interest to you. We may similarly describe products or services provided by
this practice and tell you which health plans this practice participates in. We
may also encourage you to maintain a healthy lifestyle and get recommended
tests, participate in a disease management program, provide you with small
gifts, tell you about government sponsored health programs or encourage you to
purchase a product or service when we see you, for which we may be paid.
Finally, we may receive compensation which covers our cost of reminding you to
take and refill your medication, or otherwise communicate about a drug or
biologic that is currently prescribed for you.We will not otherwise use or
disclose your medical information for marketing purposes or accept any payment
for other marketing communications without your prior written authorization.The
authorization will disclose whether we receive any compensation for any
marketing activity you authorize, and we will stop any future marketing
activity to the extent you revoke that authorization.
8.          Sale of Health
Information. We will not sell your
health information without your prior written authorization. The authorization
will disclose that we will receive compensation for your health information if
you authorize us to sell it, and we will stop any future sales of your
information to the extent that you revoke that authorization.
9.          Required by Law.  As required
by law, we will use and disclose your health information, but we will limit our
use or disclosure to the relevant requirements of the law.  When the law requires us to report abuse,
neglect or domestic violence, or respond to judicial or administrative
proceedings, or to law enforcement officials, we will further comply with the
requirement set forth below concerning those activities.
10.       Public Health.  We may, and are sometimes required by law,
to disclose your health information to public health authorities for purposes
related to:  preventing or controlling
disease, injury or disability; reporting child, elder or dependent adult abuse
or neglect; reporting domestic violence; reporting to the Food and Drug
Administration problems with products and reactions to medications; and
reporting disease or infection exposure.
When we report suspected elder or dependent adult abuse or domestic
violence, we will inform you or your personal representative promptly unless in
our best professional judgment, we believe the notification would place you at
risk of serious harm or would require informing a personal representative we believe
is responsible for the abuse or harm.
11.       Health Oversight Activities.  We may, and
are sometimes required by law, to disclose your health information to health
oversight agencies during the course of audits, investigations, inspections,
licensure and other proceedings, subject to the limitations imposed by law.
12.       Judicial and Administrative Proceedings.         We may,
and are sometimes required by law, to disclose your health information in the
course of any administrative or judicial proceeding to the extent expressly
authorized by a court or administrative order.
We may also disclose information about you in response to a subpoena,
discovery request or other lawful process if reasonable efforts have been made
to notify you of the request and you have not objected, or if your objections
have been resolved by a court or administrative order.
13.       Law Enforcement.  We may, and are sometimes required by law,
to disclose your health information to a law enforcement official for purposes
such as identifying or locating a suspect, fugitive, material witness or
missing person, complying with a court order, warrant, grand jury subpoena and
other law enforcement purposes.
14.       Coroners.  We may, and are often required by law, to
disclose your health information to coroners in connection with their
investigations of deaths.
15.       Organ or Tissue Donation.  We may
disclose your health information to organizations involved in procuring,
banking or transplanting organs and tissues.
16.       Public Safety.  We may, and are sometimes required by law,
to disclose your health information to appropriate persons in order to prevent
or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of a particular
person or the general public.
17.       Proof of Immunization. We will disclose proof of immunization to a school that is required to
have it before admitting a student where you have agreed to the disclosure on
behalf of yourself or your dependent.
18.       Specialized Government Functions.  We may
disclose your health information for military or national security purposes or
to correctional institutions or law enforcement officers that have you in their
lawful custody.
19.       Workers’ Compensation.  We may disclose your health
information as necessary to comply with workers’ compensation laws.  For example, to the extent your care is
covered by workers' compensation, we will make periodic reports to your
employer about your condition.  We are
also required by law to report cases of occupational injury or occupational
illness to the employer or workers' compensation insurer.
20.       Change of Ownership.  In the event that this medical
practice is sold or merged with another organization, your health
information/record will become the property of the new owner, although you will
maintain the right to request that copies of your health information be
transferred to another physician or medical group.
21.       Breach Notification. In the case of a breach of unsecured protected health information, we
will notify you as required by law. If you have provided us with a current
e-mail address, we may use e-mail to communicate information related to the
breach. In some circumstances our business associate may provide the
notification. We may also provide notification by other methods as appropriate.
22.       Psychotherapy Notes.  We will not
use or disclose your psychotherapy notes without your prior written
authorization except for the following:1) use by the originator of the notes for
your treatment, 2) for training our staff, students and other trainees, 3) to defend
ourselves if you sue us or bring some other legal proceeding, 4) if the law
requires us to disclose the information to you or the Secretary of HHS or for
some other reason, 5) in response to health oversight activities concerning
your psychotherapist, 6) to avert a serious and imminent threat to health or
safety, or 7) to the coroner or medical examiner after you die. To the extent
you revoke an authorization to use or disclose your psychotherapy notes, we
will stop using or disclosing these notes.
23.       Research.  We may disclose your health information to
researchers conducting research with respect to which your written
authorization is not required as approved by an Institutional Review Board or
privacy board, in compliance with governing law.
B.         When This Medical
Practice May Not Use or Disclose Your Health Information
Except as described in this
Notice of Privacy Practices, this medical practice will, consistent with its
legal obligations, not use or disclose health information which identifies you
without your written authorization.  If
you do authorize this medical practice to use or disclose your health
information for another purpose, you may revoke your authorization in writing
at any time.
C.         Your Health
Information Rights
1.          Right to Request
Special Privacy Protections.  You have the right to request restrictions
on certain uses and disclosures of your health information by a written request
specifying what information you want to limit, and what limitations on our use
or disclosure of that information you wish to have imposed.  If you tell us not to disclose information
to your commercial health plan concerning health care items or services for
which you paid for in full out-of-pocket, we will abide by your request, unless
we must disclose the information for treatment or legal reasons. We reserve the
right to accept or reject any other request, and will notify you of our
decision.
2.          Right to Request
Confidential Communications.  You have the right to request that you
receive your health information in a specific way or at a specific
location.  For example, you may ask that
we send information to a particular e-mail account or to your work
address.  We will comply with all reasonable
requests submitted in writing which specify how or where you wish to receive
these communications.
3.          Right to Inspect and
Copy.
You have the right to inspect and copy your health information, with
limited exceptions.  To access your
medical information, you must submit a written request detailing what
information you want access to, whether you want to inspect it or get a copy of
it, and if you want a copy, your preferred form and format.  We will provide copies in your requested
form and format if it is readily producible, or we will provide you with an
alternative format you find acceptable, or if we can’t agree and we maintain
the record in an electronic format, your choice of a readable electronic or
hardcopy format. We will also send a copy to any other person you designate in
writing. We will charge a reasonable fee which covers our costs for labor,
supplies, postage, and if requested and agreed to in advance, the cost of
preparing an explanation or summary. We may deny your request under limited circumstances.  If we deny your request to access your
child's records or the records of an incapacitated adult you are representing
because we believe allowing access would be reasonably likely to cause
substantial harm to the patient, you will have a right to appeal our
decision.  If we deny your request to
access your psychotherapy notes, you will have the right to have them
transferred to another mental health professional.
4.          Right to Amend or
Supplement.  You have a right to request that we amend your health information
that you believe is incorrect or incomplete.
You must make a request to amend in writing, and include the reasons you
believe the information is inaccurate or incomplete.  We are not required to change your health information, and will
provide you with information about this medical practice's denial and how you
can disagree with the denial.  We may
deny your request if we do not have the information, if we did not create the
information (unless the person or entity that created the information is no
longer available to make the amendment), if you would not be permitted to
inspect or copy the information at issue, or if the information is accurate and
complete as is.  If we deny your
request, you may submit a written statement of your disagreement with that
decision, and we may, in turn, prepare a written rebuttal. All information
related to any request to amend will be maintained and disclosed in conjunction
with any subsequent disclosure of the disputed information.
5.          Right to an Accounting
of Disclosures.  You have a right to receive an accounting of
disclosures of your health information made by this medical practice, except
that this medical practice does not have to account for the disclosures
provided to you or pursuant to your written authorization, or as described in
paragraphs 1 (treatment), 2 (payment), 3 (health care operations), 6
(notification and communication with family) and 18 (specialized government
functions) of Section A of this Notice of Privacy Practices or disclosures for purposes
of research or public health which exclude direct patient identifiers, or which
are incident to a use or disclosure otherwise permitted or authorized by law,
or the disclosures to a health oversight agency or law enforcement official to
the extent this medical practice has received notice from that agency or
official that providing this accounting would be reasonably likely to impede
their activities.
6.          Right to a Paper or
Electronic Copy of this Notice.  You have a right to notice of our legal
duties and privacy practices with respect to your health information, including
a right to a paper copy of this Notice of Privacy Practices, even if you have
previously requested its receipt by e-mail.
If you would like to have a
more detailed explanation of these rights or if you would like to exercise one
or more of these rights, contact our Privacy Officer listed at the top of this
Notice of Privacy Practices.
D.         Changes to this
Notice of Privacy Practices
We reserve the right to
amend this Notice of Privacy Practices at any time in the future.  Until such amendment is made, we are
required by law to comply with the terms of this Notice currently in
effect.  After an amendment is made, the
revised Notice of Privacy Protections will apply to all protected health
information that we maintain, regardless of when it was created or
received.  We will keep a copy of the
current notice posted in our reception area, and a copy will be available at
each appointment.
E.          Complaints
Complaints about this Notice
of Privacy Practices or how this medical practice handles your health
information should be directed to our Privacy Officer listed at the top of this
Notice of Privacy Practices.
If you are not satisfied
with the manner in which this office handles a complaint, you may submit a
formal complaint to:
Department of Health and Human
Services
200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Room
509F,
Washington, DC 20201
or
OCRMail@hhs.gov
The complaint form may be found at www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/hipcomplaint.pdf.  You will not
be penalized in any way for filing a complaint.
Contacting the Web Site:  If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this website you can
contact us by calling (239)498-4968 or 800-481-FACE(3223).
Notice Informing Individuals
About Nondiscrimination and Accessibility Requirements
Discrimination is Against
the LawRobert
D. Klausner, MD, PA complies with applicable Federal civil rights laws
and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin,
age, disability, or sex. Robert D. Klausner, MD, PA does not exclude
people or treat them differently because of race, color, national
origin, age, disability, or sex.Robert D. Klausner, MD, PA
provides free aids and services to people with disabilities to
communicate effectively with us, such as: qualified sign language
interpreters; written information in other formats (large print,
accessible electronic formats, other formats);  free language
services to people whose primary language is not English, such as
qualified interpreters and information written in other
languages.  If you need these services, contact Kimberly Klausner,
Office Manager.If you believe that Robert D. Klausner, MD, PA
has failed to provide these services or discriminated in another way on
the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex, you
can file a grievance with: Kimberly Klausner, Office Manager 3501
Health Center Blvd., Suite 2240, Bonita Springs, FL  34135,
239-498-4968, Fax 239-498-0149. You can file a grievance in person or
by mail, or fax. If you need help filing a grievance, Kimberly
Klausner, Office Manager is available to help you. You can also file a
civil rights complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office for Civil Rights, electronically through the Office
for Civil Rights Complaint Portal, available at
https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf, or by mail or phone at:
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 200 Independence Avenue,
SW Room 509F, HHH Building Washington, D.C. 20201 1-800-368-1019,
800-537-7697 (TDD) Complaint forms are available at
http://www.hhs.gov/ocr/office/file/index.html.
Dr. Robert D. Klausner
Any information
provided on this Web site should not be considered medical advice or a
substitute for a consultation with a physician. If you have a medical
problem, contact your local physician for diagnosis and treatment.
Proudly Serving Naples Florida, Bonita Springs Florida, Fort Myers Florida and surrounding areas.
©  Robert D. Klausner, MD
HOME
PRIVACY
DISCLAIMER
SITE MAP