http://www.heritageatlakeforest.com/california-privacy-notice/
Atria Park of      Lake Forest
Submit
I would like to know about special events and updates.
Community Features
Apartment Features
Events
Brochure
Floor Plans
Rental Rates
Care Pricing
Atria Park of Lake Forest
5433 West State Road 46
Sanford, FL 32771
321.275.4116
Directions
What we offer:
Assisted LivingMemory Care
I would like to know about special events and updates.
Submit
Assisted Living and Memory Care in Sanford, FL
Set on a beautiful eight-acre campus, Atria Park of Lake Forest is a vibrant senior living community located just minutes from downtown Sanford, the Seminole Mall and nearby Orlando and Mount Dora. Our residents enjoy comfortable amenities, chef-prepared meals and more than 200 engaging social events each month.
Our living options can be customized to your needs as they change. Our assisted living option provides discreet support available 24 hours a day. And we also offer Life Guidance® – our forward-thinking approach to memory care focused on providing daily opportunities for success, engagement and connection – all in a safe, neighborhood setting.
We have more than 200 apartment floor plans available, including studio, one- and two-bedroom options. Reach out to us today.
Continuing to learn, laugh and create - together
Protecting resident health and safety
Fighting isolation with engagement
Keeping families connected and informed
Continuing to learn, laugh and create - together
Protecting resident health and safety
Prepared to vaccinate
The CDC considers Atria residents a top priority and has recommended that each individual state include them among the first to receive the vaccine. Our long-standing relationship with CVS Health, as well as extensive experience with on-site flu clinics, will ensure that every community is prepared to vaccinate the moment it is made available. As this topic continues to evolve, we will work to get you the most current information as quickly as possible.
Timely testing
With support from Mayo Clinic Laboratories, we have administered nearly 100,000 COVID-19 tests to employees, residents and third parties working in Atria communities. We continue to perform 4,000 to 5,000 tests a week, with a turnaround time of three to four days for results - faster than the national average.
Prepared with PPE and sanitizer
When most of the country was experiencing PPE shortages, we worked with suppliers and chartered planes to ensure our communities had the supplies needed to follow safety protocols. We formed key partnerships to make our own gowns, hand sanitizer and hand soap to help keep supplies stocked.
Expanded telehealth
To better protect residents from risks associated with hospital visits, we have outfitted our communities with equipment and technology - including smart TVs, BP monitors and pulse oximeters – for telehealth providers and local physicians to treat residents virtually.
Fighting isolation with engagement
In-apartment programs
During times of quarantine, residents enjoy fitness and learning opportunities, themed culinary experiences, guided meditation, indoor gardening and creative art projects.
Social distance dining
Gathering with friends over a chef-prepared meal is one of life's simple pleasures. At select communities, small group dining options help residents enjoy both the food and the company of neighbors.
A breath of fresh air
With face masks and proper social distancing, residents may stay active with walks, gardening and other outdoor pursuits. During times of quarantine, they can join walking programs accompanied by staff.
Fitness opportunities
Residents stay active with daily fitness challenges, small group exercise classes in select communities and – during times of quarantine – doorway classes led from hallways and other common spaces.
Keeping families connected and informed
Visiting in person
Depending on state or local guidelines, family and friends can enjoy drive-up visits, gathering in designated outdoor spaces or visits inside resident apartments, all with proper PPE and social distancing.
Connecting virtually
Communities are equipped with tablets, mobile TV carts and conference lines to help residents connect with family and friends.
Staying up to date
By logging in to the Atria Mobile app, families can easily see their family member's daily temperature readings and COVID-19 symptom check updates.
Community Features
24-hour staffNurse on-site 24/7Private dining room available for special occasionsOutdoor dining spaceVegetarian mealsPatioWalking pathsResident garden spaceTown car serviceScheduled transportation to local appointments, errands and eventsLibraryWi-Fi in common areasOn-site parking for residents and guestsFull-service salon and spa offering styling, manicure and pedicure servicesMovie theaterVolunteer programsWorship spaceAlzheimer's and dementia support groupEmergency alert pendant or wristbandWellness center offering checkups and monitoringEscort and transfer assistance availableNewspaper deliveryPet-friendly environment
Apartment Features
Selection of floor plansKitchen or kitchenetteWalk-in showerEmergency alert systemIndividual thermostat controlCable or satellite TVElectronic key entry systemHousekeeping and linen servicesMaintenance of apartment, community and grounds
ED Message
A Message from Our Executive Director Michael Sparks
The team here at Atria Park of Lake Forest takes the time to get to know members of the community so we can provide personalized support to help each resident live a full, engaging life. This kind of commitment makes all the difference - and it shows on the smiling faces of our residents. Stop by today for a visit and see for yourself. We look forward to welcoming you.
Brochures
Download OurCommunity Brochure
Download OurMemory Care Brochure
Floor Plans
Download OurFloor Plans
View OurInteractive Site Plan
Write a Review
Share your comments and kudos!
And we’ll respond accordingly. After all, it’s insights from people like you that help us continue to improve the Atria experience for our residents, their families, our staff and those connected to our communities.
Thank you for sharing. Don’t forget to rate us by clicking the stars below!
Your overall rating:
Relationship
I toured
My family member lives at Atria
I am a resident of Atria
I am a former resident of Atria
I inquired at this community
I am an employee
I am a former employee
Submit
Loading form...
Reviews
Staff
We're happy my aunt was able to get into such a wonderful place.
The
staff is courteous and helpful and food is wonderful.
Many things for them...We're happy my aunt was able to get into such a wonderful place.
The
staff is courteous and helpful and food is wonderful.
Many things for them to do and the overall staff has been wonderful to work with.
Worth checking out for your loved ones.
They had a wonderful deal which helped us make the move.
Thank you for all your help.- Robert, Family Member2016 Holidays
I want to sincerely thank the nurses and staff working this Christmas as I am unable to be there with my Mom this year. She has told me how the...I want to sincerely thank the nurses and staff working this Christmas as I am unable to be there with my Mom this year. She has told me how the staff and nurses working this year have made her holiday very blessed and it is the next best thing to being with family. From the bottom of my heart I thank you. I know my Mother will receive the very best and that you girls will make her holiday special. Keep up the great work. Your team is truly one of a kind!!!- michelle, Family MemberThank you!
I wanted to
thank the staff for taking such wonderful care of the residents during Hurricane Matthew. I appreciate that they went without sleep and know that many didn’t...I wanted to
thank the staff for taking such wonderful care of the residents during Hurricane Matthew. I appreciate that they went without sleep and know that many didn’t get to be with their families during the horrible storm. Thank you so much for your dedication; it was comforting to know that my uncle and the other residents were not in danger. - Joyce, SIOR, CCIM, Family MemberA Wonderful Team
I want to give a big THANK YOU to all of the staff at Atria Park of Lake Forest who worked so hard to make Atria a safe and happy...I want to give a big THANK YOU to all of the staff at Atria Park of Lake Forest who worked so hard to make Atria a safe and happy place during Hurricane Matthew. I know that many of those who provide care, culinary, housekeeping, maintenance and activities services worked extra hours. They showed amazing creativity and turned a potentially stressful situation into a non-threatening adventure. Please share my appreciation with everyone!- Sue S., Family MemberPeace of mind!
We truly believe that you are the best place for our Mom. You have exceeded our expectations at every turn! A few days ago we received an email from your...We truly believe that you are the best place for our Mom. You have exceeded our expectations at every turn! A few days ago we received an email from your community outlining all the plans and precautions you were taking to protect our loved ones from the oncoming Hurricane Matthew. From the management to everyone that works in your building, you have gone beyond what we could have hopped for. Mom and the entire family
sincerely thank you and your caring staff! You are the best!! And we will continue to recommend you to anyone wanting to retire in your area.
- Renata Fermon, Family MemberVery pleased with facility & services!
Atria has been a perfect fit for Mom & Dad! Really appreciated the cooperation with Hospice during Dad's passing. Mom has been surrounded by caring staff, new friends & lots...Atria has been a perfect fit for Mom & Dad! Really appreciated the cooperation with Hospice during Dad's passing. Mom has been surrounded by caring staff, new friends & lots to do as she learns to live alone. I love the way the nursing, activity, dining & housekeeping staff anticipate her needs before she even thinks of them! I value the prompt attention I get to each of my questions.- Sue Skambis, Family MemberCare
I like the way i can get assitance with my medications and the call bell response time....I like the way i can get assitance with my medications and the call bell response time.- Rose Galleta, ResidentResident comment
I love my time here. This is my lifetime home. Everyone is nice....I love my time here. This is my lifetime home. Everyone is nice.- Peggy Kinsey, ResidentService
Peaceful and quiet. A sense of tranquility....Peaceful and quiet. A sense of tranquility.- George Diaz , Residentsurvey
Everyone is so friendly here....Everyone is so friendly here.- Charleen Riley, ResidentSurvey
Everyone is just wonderful here....Everyone is just wonderful here.- Bertha Greogory, ResidentSurvey
Everyone is lovable, respectful, hard working....Everyone is lovable, respectful, hard working.- Yolanda Cassio, ResidentSurvey
I love the people, everyone is so nice and fun. I love it here....I love the people, everyone is so nice and fun. I love it here.- Caroline Ross, ResidentSurvey
I feel safe, theres always someone around. I love the staff and my friends....I feel safe, theres always someone around. I love the staff and my friends.- Roy Abott, ResidentSurvey
Lots of nice, helpful, smiling people around. This is very convinient for me to live in. My family lives pretty close....Lots of nice, helpful, smiling people around. This is very convinient for me to live in. My family lives pretty close.- Loise Shrieve, ResidentCare
The service is amazing!!!!!!...The service is amazing!!!!!!- Paul Mokes, ResidentCare
My family is close by, this is a great location. My friends here are great. I get great care....My family is close by, this is a great location. My friends here are great. I get great care.- Elsie Kenia, ResidentCare
The people here are great. ...The people here are great. - Winfield Lippy, ResidentCare
The people and service here is great!!!!!!...The people and service here is great!!!!!!- Pat Dozier, ResidentCare
I feel safe here and the care staff is awesome.
Always smiling faces....I feel safe here and the care staff is awesome.
Always smiling faces.- James Baily, ResidentCare
I love Jackie V. She comes and checks on me everyday. Even when she is not assigned my care. I love the other residents , the care staff, the people...I love Jackie V. She comes and checks on me everyday. Even when she is not assigned my care. I love the other residents , the care staff, the people here are just nice. I was at another facility and I hated it, I love it here.
Activities always offers thigs to do if you feel like doing something.- Joyce Scinto, ResidentCare
Great friends, staff, and great location....Great friends, staff, and great location.- Nancy Hargis, ResidentSurvey
Great care, good shows, great parties, good people. How much better can it get?...Great care, good shows, great parties, good people. How much better can it get?- Mary Mancicni, ResidentCare
The service here goes according to each individual. Some need more care then others, we are allowed our independence. The staff is always smiling and activities rocks....The service here goes according to each individual. Some need more care then others, we are allowed our independence. The staff is always smiling and activities rocks.- Theresia Meijer, ResidentCare
The staff and residents here are so friendly....The staff and residents here are so friendly.- Tom Sheibenberger, Residentcare
I love the care team. Activities alaways has something for us....I love the care team. Activities alaways has something for us.- Esther Sikima, Residentcare
The staff is alaways smiling and very helpful around here....The staff is alaways smiling and very helpful around here.- Harold Hulse, ResidentCare
Activities is really good, the care team is amazing around here....Activities is really good, the care team is amazing around here.- Gerru Menzack, ResidentCare
No cooking !!!!!!! I like the folks that help take care of us. I like the actvities and beimg able to help them....No cooking !!!!!!! I like the folks that help take care of us. I like the actvities and beimg able to help them.- Estelle Battle, ResidentConsistency
I love the consistency
of the activities like the 9:30am exercise class and the fact that we can tune to channel 81 see the evening movie being shown in...I love the consistency
of the activities like the 9:30am exercise class and the fact that we can tune to channel 81 see the evening movie being shown in the theater. - Joann adrienson , ResidentVariety!
I love the variety of shows and entertainers the activities department provides always something different!!...I love the variety of shows and entertainers the activities department provides always something different!!- Albert kipp, ResidentActivities department
I love the activities department .world discussion is my favorite as well as pool club. The girls really encourage the residents to be active. ...I love the activities department .world discussion is my favorite as well as pool club. The girls really encourage the residents to be active. - Wilbert Kies , ResidentThe people
The community runs very smoothly. The activities department has a great variety of shows...The community runs very smoothly. The activities department has a great variety of shows- Jean Chairy, ResidentThe shows!
The variety of shows brought to us by the activities department is great! ...The variety of shows brought to us by the activities department is great! - Nick Zaharis, ResidentThe staff!
The staff here is great! They help when I need it. ...The staff here is great! They help when I need it. - Matilda Levin, ResidentI love everything about atria!
I don't think I could find something better than this. The staff here really care! ...I don't think I could find something better than this. The staff here really care! - Lydia Issacs, ResidentNo Hassle!
The management team is very cooperative. I don't have to clean! ...The management team is very cooperative. I don't have to clean! - Bert Brotine, ResidentI am happy!
Overall I am happy with my decision in choosing Atria! ...Overall I am happy with my decision in choosing Atria! - Inez Hasty, ResidentActivities department
The activities department is great! I love those morning hugs! ...The activities department is great! I love those morning hugs! - James Anderson , ResidentLife for my mother at ATria
Questions/CommentsMy Mother is very happy living at The Manor. She is surrounded by dedicated , loving caregivers that create an atmosphere of positive and caring attention. Her days are filled...Questions/CommentsMy Mother is very happy living at The Manor. She is surrounded by dedicated , loving caregivers that create an atmosphere of positive and caring attention. Her days are filled with activities and friends who enrich her quality of life. She regards them all as
extensions of her family and they provide happiness to her every day.- Hazel Manulkin, Family MemberATRIA-LOVE
They have my favorite foods here and they are always getting me what I like.
The staff takes care of me so well....They have my favorite foods here and they are always getting me what I like.
The staff takes care of me so well.- Ruth Kass, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
They treat my mother so well.
The staff is kind and very patient with my Mom.
She loves it here....They treat my mother so well.
The staff is kind and very patient with my Mom.
She loves it here.- Irma Kies, Family MemberAtria-Love
I absolutely love it here.
The staff makes me laugh every day and there are just so many activities to do.
They certainly keep me busy...I absolutely love it here.
The staff makes me laugh every day and there are just so many activities to do.
They certainly keep me busy- Angelina Coloni, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
The employees keep me on track and make sure I am involved in all the activities that I love and they love me sooooo much - I am well taken...The employees keep me on track and make sure I am involved in all the activities that I love and they love me sooooo much - I am well taken care of and I am a long standing resident- Juanita Papino, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
The staff treats me so kindly, this place is very special to me....The staff treats me so kindly, this place is very special to me.- Natalie Leatrice Butlien, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
I really like living here, I can have a leisurely day or fill my day with activities.
There is always choices and the staff is always here to remind...I really like living here, I can have a leisurely day or fill my day with activities.
There is always choices and the staff is always here to remind and there are so kind.- Barbara Stone, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
I love the bus trips, we go out once a week and have the time of our lives.
It is really nice in our neighborhood and I love the...I love the bus trips, we go out once a week and have the time of our lives.
It is really nice in our neighborhood and I love the bus driver.- John Dufrane, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
I am so happy the people here are so nice and kind.
I just love it here...I am so happy the people here are so nice and kind.
I just love it here- Helen Krogmann, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
This place is so nice, I love it here, there is always something to do....This place is so nice, I love it here, there is always something to do.- Stanley Prokopiak, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
The staff is so nice here, they are always looking out for my well being....The staff is so nice here, they are always looking out for my well being.- Carole McBride, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
The activities they have here are just divine.
I especially like the activities that pertain to music and we get music every day - just love it...The activities they have here are just divine.
I especially like the activities that pertain to music and we get music every day - just love it- Linda Tollman, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
I love it here, everyone is special to me and treats me so nice....I love it here, everyone is special to me and treats me so nice.- Anthony Leggio, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
I love it here,
the food is great and the atmosphere is tremendous...I love it here,
the food is great and the atmosphere is tremendous- Rosemary Jack, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
The meals here are fantastic and the activities are awesome...The meals here are fantastic and the activities are awesome- Louise Blodgett, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
The staff here are terrific, they are always kind and gentle and make sure I am involved on a daily basis...The staff here are terrific, they are always kind and gentle and make sure I am involved on a daily basis- Lillian Blum, ResidentATRIA-LOVE
I feel very safe here and relaxed.
It is a most enjoyable place to be....I feel very safe here and relaxed.
It is a most enjoyable place to be.- Carolyhn Lanier, ResidentLove the Staff! - Memory Care
The Staff here is great i especially love Amy! ...The Staff here is great i especially love Amy! - Carolyn Lyon , ResidentGreat Staff - Memory Care
The staff here is very helpful and the food is great! ...The staff here is very helpful and the food is great! - Eva Rogero, ResidentExcellent Food! - Memory Care
The food here is great! ...The food here is great! - Andrew Braytenbah, ResidentThey Listen- Memory Care
The Food is excellent and the staff listens when i need them. ...The Food is excellent and the staff listens when i need them. - Jean Miller , ResidentI dont have to cook!
It's a great place and the food is great, i dont have to cook! ...It's a great place and the food is great, i dont have to cook! - Mary Allen, ResidentThe Activities Are Great!
I love the activities here, keep me busy everyday! ...I love the activities here, keep me busy everyday! - Evelyn Quincy , ResidentGreat Community- Memory Care
It's a great place, i have alot of friends here! ...It's a great place, i have alot of friends here! - Bernice Guida , ResidentGreat Food!
The Food here is great, very tasty! ...The Food here is great, very tasty! - Edith Weber, ResidentThe food and staff are great to me! - Memory Care
I love you all from the bottom of my heart. I love all the foods! ...I love you all from the bottom of my heart. I love all the foods! - Helen Stephanos , ResidentGreat Time! - Memory care
Fun place, great activities always something going on! ...Fun place, great activities always something going on! - Mark Salter, ResidentLove atria!
This is a really great place ! Staff and food. ...This is a really great place ! Staff and food. - Bobby Mulvey, ResidentFriendly staff
The staff here is very friendly and helpful whenever I need them. ...The staff here is very friendly and helpful whenever I need them. - Charlotte Novak , ResidentLove it ! -memory care
I have been here for a long period of time and I love it ! ...I have been here for a long period of time and I love it ! - Janet tilton, ResidentStaff and food are great - memory care
I love
atria and my room! The food is really good , Ryan and Matt are great! ...I love
atria and my room! The food is really good , Ryan and Matt are great! - Joseph Santoro, ResidentGreat view -memory care
Atria is a great place, I have a great room with a great view. ...Atria is a great place, I have a great room with a great view. - Ruth leggio, ResidentI feel safe. - memory care
I love it here, I feel safe and comfortable here. ...I love it here, I feel safe and comfortable here. - Joann bourg, ResidentI'm doing well here -memory care
I'm happy here, I'm doing very well here ...I'm happy here, I'm doing very well here - Ella Evans, ResidentWonderful staff-memory care
The staff here is wonderful and very helpful. ...The staff here is wonderful and very helpful. - John Casey, ResidentI am satisfied - memory care
I am very satisfied living here the staff and food are great! ...I am very satisfied living here the staff and food are great! - John Wilson, ResidentGreat place to be! - Memory Care
It is a great place to be the staff here is so friendly and warm! ...It is a great place to be the staff here is so friendly and warm! - Esther Roberts , ResidentWe Are Independent!
We are independent. Food is great and staff is very friendly, the songs at sing along are very nice and the residents here are so friendly to eachother I really...We are independent. Food is great and staff is very friendly, the songs at sing along are very nice and the residents here are so friendly to eachother I really like it here! - Marta Trzepacz, ResidentPlenty Of Activities To Choose From!
Great amount of activities to choose from, spagetti and meatballs are excellent as well as the dessert! ...Great amount of activities to choose from, spagetti and meatballs are excellent as well as the dessert! - Nick Tsales , ResidentTransportation and activities!
Love that i get taken everywhere i want and need to go! the staff really put in effort when trying to keep us happy. I also love that activities takes...Love that i get taken everywhere i want and need to go! the staff really put in effort when trying to keep us happy. I also love that activities takes photos of us during our events and activities for memories! - Anna Wheelock , ResidentGreat place, great people!
I think this is a great place with great peple! the staff is friendly and helpful. ...I think this is a great place with great peple! the staff is friendly and helpful. - Maxine weirsma, ResidentThe Staff - Memory Care
One thing I love here are the people! I like Sonia, She is always smiling and always has time for me. ...One thing I love here are the people! I like Sonia, She is always smiling and always has time for me. - Patricia Shaw, ResidentHelping Hand - Memory Care
The staff here is so helpful, they are there when i need them! ...The staff here is so helpful, they are there when i need them! - Linda Wish, ResidentThe Food- Memory Care
I love the food here it taste great! ...I love the food here it taste great! - Patricia Brock , ResidentWonderful Nurses and care staff
My mother was a resident at Atria at lake forest and the memory care staff is amazing. The nurse Wendy is a caring and loving nurse, you can see how...My mother was a resident at Atria at lake forest and the memory care staff is amazing. The nurse Wendy is a caring and loving nurse, you can see how much she cares for the residents. The med tech Tammy is a wonderful lady who treats everyone with so much love and care. I am so grateful my mother and I got to know all the great staff at Atria at Lake forest.- Anonymous , Family MemberAtria Love
I like Atria very much. People here are very nice....I like Atria very much. People here are very nice.- Lillian Colosi, ResidentAtria Love
It is my home....It is my home.- Laura Winton, ResidentAtria Love
I think the food here is good....I think the food here is good.- Rachael Hiers, ResidentAtria Love
I like the staff here....I like the staff here.- Stanley Misunas, ResidentAtria Love
I feel like this is my home....I feel like this is my home.- Caroline A. Vitulano, ResidentAtria Love
I like it here because of the people and the smiles.
I love everything....I like it here because of the people and the smiles.
I love everything.- Fay Lassiter, ResidentAtria Love
I think this is a very, very good place to be....I think this is a very, very good place to be.- Hazel Manulkin, ResidentAtria Love
I think that everybody here is sweet....I think that everybody here is sweet.- Regina Dobes, ResidentAtria Love
They always provide me with what I want and need....They always provide me with what I want and need.- Jolan Carten, ResidentAtria Love
I think it is a very nice place with very nice people....I think it is a very nice place with very nice people.- Maxine Wiersma, ResidentAtria Love
I enjoy the food here....I enjoy the food here.- Steve O\'Donnelle, ResidentAtria Love
I think that the coffee is good here....I think that the coffee is good here.- Kenneth Sandon, ResidentAtria Love
This is a good place to be....This is a good place to be.- Joseph Labrada, ResidentAtria Love
I love the staff here!...I love the staff here!- Rita Boaman, ResidentAtria Love
The staff here is great!...The staff here is great!- Catherine Wall, ResidentAtria Love
This is a great place....This is a great place.- Barry Shiffman, ResidentAtria Love
The people here treat me well....The people here treat me well.- Nellean Keller, ResidentLinda becomming an Atria memory care resident
From the first day that Linda entered Atria, she was overwhelmed with love by all the Atria staff. She was made to feel comfortable almost instantly in what was clearly...From the first day that Linda entered Atria, she was overwhelmed with love by all the Atria staff. She was made to feel comfortable almost instantly in what was clearly a nervous change of life style.In addition to affection, literally every staff member exhibited the highest level of competeence. It is hard to mention one name but Catherine and Sonia come to mind. The activity programing is also outstanding and keeping Linda busy makes Linda happy, safe and content.
I am very grateful than thankful to have found Atria at Lake Forest- peter wish, Family MemberExemplary employees
Just want to give a shout out to a couple of employees at Atria at Lake Forest who go above and beyond and have a true gift for dealing with...Just want to give a shout out to a couple of employees at Atria at Lake Forest who go above and beyond and have a true gift for dealing with the elderly:
Bridgett and Tammy.
Thank you for being so kind to my mother.- Bonny, Family Member
Write A Review
Read All
Sample Featured Events
Loading Events...
Sample Events Calendar