https://www.crosscountryhealthcare.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Resources
Investors Corporate Careers
Healthcare Professionals
Search All Healthcare Jobs
Nurses
Physicians
Allied Health Professionals
Advanced Practitioners
Education Professionals
Executives
Employers
Solutions Overview
Workforce Solutions
Workforce Solutions Overview
Managed Services Programs
Internal Resource Pool
EMR Transition Staffing
Recruitment Process Outsourcing
Optimal Workforce Solutions
Consulting Services
Staffing Solutions
Staffing Solutions Overview
Travel Nursing and Allied
Per Diem Staffing
Locum Tenens Staffing
Education Staffing
Permanent Placement
Permanent Placement Overview
Physician Search Services
Healthcare Executive Search Services
Advanced Practice Search Services
Recruitment Process Outsourcing
Consulting Services
About
About Us
Blog
Executive Leadership
Clinical Leadership
Mission, Vision & Values
Corporate Careers
Press Room
Investor Relations
Social Responsibility
Overview
Light
The Night
The Daisy Award
Project Perfect World
Diversity & Inclusion
Contact
COVID-19 Resources
Privacy Policy
What Information is Collected and How is it Used?
Although we may collect certain information from you, we will not disclose your name, telephone number, credit card or other
personal information to any other companies or individuals unless you authorize us to do
so or except where needed to deliver a service or product requested or ordered by you. In
addition, we will always give you the opportunity to access and correct your personal information
at any time. Some of our websites require registration to access all of the site's information
and features, although all that is typically requested is an e-mail address and some basic
information about you, such as job function.
How We Protect Your Personal Information?
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. Whenever you provide sensitive information, we will take reasonable
steps to protect it, such as encrypting your information with secure server software (SSL)
before your Web browser software sends it to us. Once the data reaches our site, the same
state-of-the-art security software we use to guard all of our company's essential business
data protects your personal data as well. If credit card numbers are collected, they are
used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing purposes.
Our websites may provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control the policies
and practices on these third-party websites, we encourage you to review their applicable
privacy policies.
How We Derive Information Independently from Your Use of the Site?
Aside from any information you may actively disclose to us, there is other, less obvious, information, which we might obtain
from you. We may use such information for internal purposes such as to improve the content
of our Web pages and/or to customize the layout of our pages for each individual according
to their preferences. In addition, we may track your account history regarding your participation
on the Web site. Our system also automatically collects information about the areas visitors
frequent on our website. We use this aggregate information to understand how our members
as a group use the services we provide so that we can improve our Web site. Furthermore,
we may share such aggregate statistical information with our partners, affiliates or other
outside companies. Some examples of how we aggregate such information are as follows:
Cookies
As you probably know, "cookies" are small pieces of information that some websites store
on your computer's hard drive when you visit them. Like many other websites, we use cookies
for various reasons. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better experience by allowing
us to understand what areas of the website are of interest to our visitors. These cookies
do not track individual information. We may also use cookies when you register for membership
on our site. In this situation, a cookie will store useful information that enables our
website to remember you when you return to visit us. Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies but allow you to modify security settings so you can approve or reject
cookies on a case-by-case basis. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you
can still access most of our websites, though you may lose some of the conveniences of
our Web pages.
IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you
begin service with an Internet Service Provider. We collect IP addresses for the purposes
of system administration and to audit the use of our site. Each time you log onto our
site and each time you request one of our pages, our server logs your IP address. Although
we log your session with us, we will not normally link your IP address to anything that
can enable us to identify you. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify
a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or terms of
service or to protect our service, site, users or others.
Computer Information
We query your computer automatically for information about the computer or operating
system you are using such as the speed of your Internet connection or error messages
you may have received. We may do so in order to fit our services to your individual needs
and to diagnose problems you may be having with our website.
Geographic Location
We may gather information about your geographical location by determining where your
computer is located. We do this in order to provide either localized service or to provide
faster service by sending your server localized content.
Other Information
We may require other information for tracking or verifying compliance with our policies,
abiding by federal, state and local laws and for editorial and feedback solicitation
purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated
uses, such as notification of new services, announcements and general communications.
If our information practices materially change at some time in the future, we will post
such change to the site before we use your data for these new purposes. If you are concerned
about how your information is used, please periodically check this privacy policy.
Obtaining Your Consent
By using our Web site, you give Cross Country permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous
user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at one of
Cross Country's websites, you authorize Cross Country to use information you provide to personalize
the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating
aggregate customer data. As a registered member, you give Cross Country and our agents permission
to send you e-mails related to the subscription e-mail services to which you subscribe. If
you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address, or any other
identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided
for by applicable law. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that
you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances
we disclose it.
How To Access And Change Your User Information?
We encourage you to correct and update information related to your email subscription or staffing request by sending an e-mail
to us at privacy@crosscountry.com Upon your request, we will provide you with any unique identifying
or personal information that we maintain about you and will make any appropriate changes
you provide us.
When We May Be Forced To Disclose?
We may disclose user information in special cases when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to identify,
contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference
with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property or the rights or property
of our users or others. We also may disclose user information when we believe in good faith
that the law requires it. Finally, in the event of a merger, sale of all or substantially
all of Cross Country Healthcare's assets or a consolidation we reserve the right to transfer
such personal information to a third party who agrees to abide by this Privacy Policy and
use such personal information only for the purposes it was originally provided.
Opting-Out
If at any time you object to our use of your personal information, including use of your email address, you may stop that
use by email request to: privacy@crosscountry.com
Security
The importance of security is a top priority for us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information
from your Internet connection to our servers. We also take great care to protect user-information
off-line. All of your data is handled only by authorized personnel and our database servers
have a backup system to prevent loss of data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the
Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure and we will not be held liable should
a third party illegally obtain your personal information. While we have made a great effort
to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information
you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Our policy does not extend to anything
that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control, and
is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
Tell Us What You Think
We welcome your questions and comments about our privacy policy. Please send e-mail to: privacy@crosscountry.com.
Cross Country Healthcare
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 21, 2020
About This Notice
This Privacy Notice for California Residents is provided by Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. and its corporate affiliates (collectively, “we”, “our” and similar pronouns).  Please note the following:
We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
This Notice supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy available at https://www.crosscountryhealthcare.com/privacy-policy which applies to our websites on which it is posted, our pages on the various social media platforms that we use and our mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”).
This Notice applies solely to California residents who visit or use the Services, who apply for employment or staffing opportunities or who otherwise provide personal information to us (“consumers” or “you”).
Where noted in this Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts from some of its requirements (i) personal information collected from employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals and used only within the context of such a relationship (“employment-related personal information”) and (ii) personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“B2B personal information”).
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws or health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA).
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category A: Identifiers, such as name, postal address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, unique personal identifier, social media handles, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, or other similar identifiers.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as name, signature, Social Security number, employment history, or bank account number.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, such as age (40 years or older), race, color, or sex.
Category D: Internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history, search history or information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application or advertisement.
Category E: Geolocation data.
Category F: Sensory data, such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Category G: Professional or employment-related information.
Category H: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Category I: Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from applications or other forms you complete or transactions you request.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on the Services.
From other sources. For example, information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our affiliates or business partners.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and personal information to apply for staffing opportunities, we will use that personal information to determine your eligibility for those opportunities. We may also save your information to facilitate your ongoing relationship with us.
To provide, support, personalize, promote, and develop the Services and our products, services and other offerings.
To create, maintain, customize, and monitor your account and relationship with us.
To review, process and fulfill your applications, requests, and transactions, including for human resources purposes.
To communicate with you, provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your experience on the Services and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through the Services, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Services, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business, and to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve the Services and our products, services, and other offerings.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a corporation change or dissolution, such as a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about consumers is among the assets transferred.
Sharing Personal Information
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category E: Geolocation data.
Category F: Sensory data.
Category G: Professional or employment-related information.
Category H: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Category I: Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Clients and business partners in relation to staffing opportunities for which you express interest, apply or are selected.
Third party staffing agencies or vendor management agencies in relation to staffing opportunities for which you express interest, apply or are selected.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not “sold” personal information of consumers, based on our understanding of that term as defined in the CCPA.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information, except for employment-related personal information and B2B personal information where noted. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights, which are subject to our records retention policies and applicable law.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion 0), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or (if applicable in the future) selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We do not provide access and data portability rights for employment-related personal information or B2B personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion 0), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not provide deletion rights for employment-related personal information or B2B personal information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-800-347-2264.
Emailing us at privacy@crosscountry.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To initiate the process of designating an authorized agent, you may submit a verifiable consumer request using one of the means set forth in the Contact Information section below and specifying your request in detail sufficient to enable us to verify and complete your request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password-protected account (if applicable) sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In 0.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
You have the right under the CCPA to direct us at any time not to sell your personal information in the future (the “right to opt out”). Consumers who opt in to personal information sales may opt out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by contacting us at privacy@crosscountry.com or using the other information in the Contact Information section below. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time contacting us at privacy@crosscountry.com or using the other information in the Contact Information section below.
Non-Discrimination
You have a right under the CCPA not to receive discriminatory treatment because you exercised any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will post the updated notice on the Services and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information described here and in the Privacy Policy available at https://www.crosscountryhealthcare.com/privacy-policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-800-347-2264
Email:  privacy@crosscountry.com
Postal Address:
Cross Country Healthcare
6551 Park of Commerce Blvd. Suite #200
Boca Raton, FL 33487-8247
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Cross Country privacy policy and the terms of use. If you do not agree
with this policy and these terms, please refrain from using our site. Notice of any changes
to our privacy policy will be posted on this site. Your continued use of this Cross Country
website following a reasonable notice of changes to our privacy policy or terms of use will
mean you accept the changes.
Cross Country Healthcare is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most
useful and enjoyable Web experience possible. While you can use many features of our website anonymously,
you may be required to provide some personal information to gain access to some of our premium content
and services.
How You Can Reach Us?
Cross Country Healthcare
6551 Park of Commerce Blvd. Suite #200
Boca Raton, FL 33487-8247
Our toll-free telephone number is: 800-347-2264
Our email address to contact us regarding privacy issues is: privacy@crosscountry.com
Contact us about Cross Country Healthcare's workforce solutions and staffing services.
Real Talk
"I love working with Cross Country! I have been able to learn so much and I always get help when needed."
- Karen
Sr. Recruiter
Share your experience with
Cross Country Healthcare
Leave a review
©
Cross Country Healthcare | Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct and Business Ethics Policy
| Code of Ethics