https://www.safestroke.eu/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
A Decrease font size.
A Reset font size.
A Increase font size.
The www.safestroke.eu website is provided by the Stroke Alliance for Europe (SAFE), a non-profit making organisation registered in Belgium (ASBL 0661.651.450) with registered office at Rue Washington 40, Brussels 1050, Belgium.
For the purposes of protecting your personal information, SAFE (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our”) is the data controller. We will treat all information we hold which identifies you as an individual (your “Personal Information”) as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable data protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place
Contents1 What Personal Information do we collect?2 What do we use your Personal Information for?3 Sharing your Personal Information4 Keeping your Personal Information5 Your legal rights
What Personal Information do we collect?
We monitor the activity on the www.safestroke.eu website and capture information from visitors that will help us improve the quality of our service.
We may collect information about how you use the www.safestroke.eu website (User Information) including:
where you are on the internet (e.g. the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com),
your browser type,
the country and telephone area code where your computer is located,
the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit,
the advertisements you clicked on; and
any search terms that you entered on our website.
As you interact with the www.safestroke.eu website we automatically collect the User Information by using cookies (see our Cookies Policy), [server logs], and other similar technologies. We collect User Information where it is necessary for our legitimate interests in developing the www.safestroke.eu website and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
If you register with us we may also collect:
your email address
first name
last name
country
title
This information is collected with your consent when you create your online account or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. It is important that the Personal Information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Personal Information changes during our relationship with you.
What do we use your Personal Information for?
We use your information only for the following purposes:
statistical or survey purposes to improve the www.safestroke.eu and its services to you;
to administer the www.safestroke.eu website;
if you consent, to notify you of activities, products or services that may be of interest to you (marketing communications).
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us you can opt-out by [using the unsubscribe option contained in each marketing communication] or by [emailing ‘unsubscribe’ to mail@safestroke.eu at any time].
If we need to use your Personal Information for any purpose unrelated to those described in this Privacy Policy we will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Sharing your Personal Information
We will not share your Personal Information with any company for mailing or marketing purposes. You should be aware however that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority to provide your Personal Information and/or User Information, we are entitled do so and may be obliged to do so.
We do not transfer data outside of the EEA, and will not transfer your Personal Information to countries that have not been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Keeping your Personal Information
We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes though other means.
Your legal rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Information (commonly known as a ‘data subject access request’). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of incomplete or inaccurate Personal Information we hold about you.
Request erasure of your Personal Information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Information when there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
Object to processing of your Personal Information where we are relying on a legitimate interest and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
Request restriction of processing of your Personal Information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Information in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the information’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the information is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request transfer of your Personal Information to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Belgian supervisory authority for data protection which is the Belgian Commission for the Protection of Privacy (https://www.privacycommission.be/)
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise any of the rights listed above you can contact us:
By email at info@safestroke.eu; or
By post at AFE Secretariat, c/o The Stroke Association, Att. Sandra Jackson, Stroke Association House, 240 City Road, London, EC1V 2PR, United Kingdom
Search for:
Life with spasticity
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.