https://www.whiteribbonalliance.org/privacy-policy/
ABOUT US
THE ISSUES
VISION
WHERE WE WORK
TEAMS
JOIN US
DONATE
SIGN UP
;
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement was last updated on June 4, 2018.
INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY POLICY
We, The White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood®, want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect:
Through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”),
through our social media pages and apps located at
https://www.facebook.com/whiteribbonalliance/,
https://www.youtube.com/user/WhiteRibbonAlliance,
https://www.instagram.com/whiteribbonalliance/, and
https://twitter.com/WRAglobal/,
(collectively, our “Social Media Pages”),
through HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy, and
through offline interactions with you.
Collectively, we refer to the Websites and our Social Media Pages, as the “Services”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual:
Name
Postal address (including billing and shipping addresses)
Telephone number
Email address
Credit and debit card number
Donation Amount
Donation Dedication (“In Honor Of” / “In Memory Of”)
Collection of Personal Information
We and our service providers collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through the Services
We collect Personal Information through the Services, for example, when you sign up for a newsletter, register an account to access the Services, or make a purchase.
Offline
We collect Personal Information from you offline, e.g., when you attend one of our events, provide us with Personal Information over the phone, or contact customer service.
From Other Sources
We receive your Personal Information from other sources, for example:
publicly available databases
joint promotional partners, when they share the information with us;
We need to collect Personal Information in order to provide the requested Services to you.  If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the Services. If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
We and our service providers use Personal Information for legitimate business purposes including:
Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests.
To provide the Services’ functionality to you and providing you with related customer service, or to register you to attend events.
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests (such as membership requests), when you contact us via one of our online contact forms or otherwise, for example, when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request a quote for or other information about our Services.
To complete your transactions, especially your donations, and provide you with related customer service.
To send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Providing you with our newsletter and/or other promotional materials
To send you promotional related emails, with information about our services, new campaigns and other news about our organization or events that we believe may be of interest to you.
We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest.
Aggregating and/or anonymizing Personal Information
We may aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
Accomplishing our business purposes
For data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our Services;
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;
For fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
For developing new campaigns and services;
For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current campaigns and services;
For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users;
For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users; and
For operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests;
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We disclose Personal Information:
To our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You can consult the list and location of our affiliates here.
The White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood® is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information.
To our third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us.
These can include providers of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, e-mail delivery services, credit card processing, and other services.
By using the Services, you may elect to disclose Personal Information
On message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages). Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so:
To comply with applicable law and regulations.
This can include laws outside your country of residence.
To cooperate public and government authorities.
To respond to a request or to provide information we believe is important
These can include authorities outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with law enforcement.
For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important.
For other legal reasons.
To enforce our terms and conditions; and
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In connection with a sale or business transaction.
We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our organization or its assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
OTHER INFORMATION
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual
Browser and device information
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Policy.
Collection of Other Information
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other traffic data.  We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience.  We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them.  We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website.  You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our promotional campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
IP Address
Your IP address is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider.  An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.  Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services.  We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Services. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information.  If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for promotional purposes.  You may opt-out from:
Receiving electronic communications from us:  If you no longer want to receive promotional emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by following the instructions in each email, or by emailing us at info@whiteribbonalliance.org.
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  Please note that if you opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out.
How you can access, change or delete your Personal Information
If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another organization (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may contact us by emailing us at info@whiteribbonalliance.org. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information.  For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.  We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a donation, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such donation). Finally, we are not responsible for removing or suppressing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your Personal Information, or limiting their use of your Personal Information.
RETENTION PERIOD
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link.  The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our Social Media Pages.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16).  If you are under the age of 16 please do not provide your information to use via the Services.
JURISDICTION AND CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
If you are located in the EEA: Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here [hyperlink to EU Commission’s adequacy list online:  https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en]. For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your Personal Information. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below or by following this link: https://www.whiteribbonalliance.org/contact-us/
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
THIRD PARTY PAYMENT SERVICE
We use a third-party payment service to process payments made through the Services. If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your Personal Information will be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.  We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services.  Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
The White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood®, located at 1100 17th Street NW, Suite 800, Washington, D.C. 20036 USA, is the organization responsible for collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@whiteribbonalliance.org, or:
The White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood®
1100 17th Street NW, Suite 800
Washington, DC 20036
USA
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EEA
If you are located in the EEA, you also may:
Lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of data protection authorities is available at http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.
ABOUT US
PARTNERSSTRATEGY & REPORTSRESOURCESCAREERSCONTACT
MEDIA
NEWS AND PREVENT GALLERIESFILMSCITIZENS' POSTPODCAST
Search for:
© 2020 White Ribbon Alliance
Privacy Policy  Terms of Use  Solicitation Disclosure
Global Code of Conduct: English | Spanish
HOME
WHAT WOMEN WANT
ABOUT US
THE ISSUES
VISION
WHERE WE WORK
TEAMS
JOIN US
DONATE
When was the last time you made a difference?
This giving season, will you make a difference for women and girls by supporting our advocacy efforts to make sure their voices are heard? Donate today
×