http://www.amga.org/terms-and-conditions-of-use/
Advertisement
Home
Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions of Use
By accessing, viewing, or using this Web site, you indicate that you
understand and intend these Terms and Conditions of Use to be the legal
equivalent of a signed, written contract and equally binding, and that you
accept such Terms and Conditions and agree to be legally bound by them. Please
note that AMGA reserves the right to amend the Terms and Conditions of Use under
which this Web site and its offerings are extended to you at any time, but will
alert you that changes have been made by indicating the date the terms were last
updated.  We encourage you to review our terms of use whenever you use this
Web site.  Your continued use of this Web site following such modifications
will be conclusively deemed your acceptance of any changes to these Terms and
Conditions of Use.
License Grant.  These Terms and Conditions of Use provides you with a
personal, revocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use this Web site
conditioned on your continued compliance with these Terms and Conditions of Use.
You may print and download materials and information on this Web site solely for
personal and noncommercial use, provided that all hard copies contain all
copyright and other applicable notices contained in such materials and
information.  As a further condition of use of this Web site, you warrant
to AMGA that you will not use this Web site for any purpose that is unlawful or
otherwise prohibited by these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Information Surety. While the AMGA works hard to ensure that the information
and materials provided on this Internet Web site are accurate and complete, it
is possible that the information may change prior to this site being updated,
and/or that the errors or omissions may occur. We welcome your suggestions on
how to improve this Web site and correct errors.
Please use the information on this Web site based on your own evaluation and
analysis of any risks. It is your responsibility to ensure that the information
you use is accurate and appropriate to your use. AMGA assumes no responsibility
for consequences resulting from the use of the information included on this
Internet site or from the use of information obtained at linked Internet
addresses.
Disclaimer of Endorsement. Reference to specific commercial businesses,
products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or
otherwise, on any Web site administered by the AMGA does not imply its
endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by AMGA.
Links to other Internet sites. AMGA may provide links from its Web pages to
external Web sites because these sites provide information that may interest our
customers. These links are provided as a convenience only. AMGA does not
endorse, approve, certify, or control these external sites and does not
guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficiency, timeliness, or correct
sequencing of information located at such addresses. Use of any information
obtained from such external addresses is voluntary, and reliance on it should be
undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy,
and timeliness.
Copyrights and Trademarks. Unless otherwise indicated, AMGA owns all rights,
including but not limited to copyright, trademark, and service mark rights, to
all materials and documents provided on this Web site.   Any person
may view and print the documents and materials on this site provided that the
materials and documents are used for personal informational purposes only. The
information and materials contained on this site may not be used for commercial
purpose. Any copy of the materials and documents or portion thereof must include
this copyright notice. Trademarks and service marks of AMGA may not be used in
any way without the express written permission of AMGA.
Liability. Because AMGA does not know how you are using information found on
our Web site, AMGA does not make any express or implied warranties about the
information contained in this Web site for your particular use. AMGA disclaims
all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or
reliance on information found on its Web sites to the full extent provided by
state and Federal law.
ALL INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. BECAUSE CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF
CERTAIN WARRANTIES, THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT SHALL AMGA BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OF, OR THE
INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEDGED
LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER
BASIS, EVEN IF AMGA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. BECAUSE
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AMGA’S LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICATIONS SHALL BE LIMITED
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Indemnification.  You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless AMGA
and its officers, directors, employees, members, volunteers, agents,
predecessors, successors, and assigns, from and against any and all claims,
proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses), relating to or
arising from your use of the Web site, your breach of these Terms and Conditions
of Use, or any other matter for which you are responsible hereunder or under
law.
Code of Conduct.  You agree not to do the following:
(1)  Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Web
site.  This includes, without limitation: (a) using, or attempting to use,
any account without the owner’s permission, (b) obtaining or soliciting another
person’s password or other personal information under false pretenses, or (c)
impersonating another user or otherwise misrepresenting yourself to AMGA, the
Web site’s systems, or other entities.
(2)  Interfere (or attempt to interfere) with the operation of the Web
site.  This includes, without limitation, (a) interfering with, defeating,
or circumventing any security function of the Web site, or attempting to do so,
or (b) accessing, or attempting to access, any portion of the Web site that you
are not authorized to access.  Unauthorized access (or attempts) may
subject you to civil and/or criminal penalties.
(3)  Use the Web site to post, store, or transmit any information or
software that contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other harmful or
disruptive component.
(4)  Use the Web site for any unlawful purposes.
(5)  Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, resell, retransmit, reverse
engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Web site.
Password Policy.  Your use of certain portions of this Web site may
require a password.  Anyone with knowledge of your password can gain access
to the restricted portions of this Web site and the information available to
you.  Accordingly, you must keep your password secret.  By agreeing to
these Terms and Conditions of Use, you agree to be solely responsible for the
confidentiality and use of your respective password, as well as for any
communications entered through the Web site using your password.  You must
also immediately notify AMGA if you become aware of any loss or theft of your
password or any unauthorized use of your password.  AMGA reserves the right
to delete or change a password at any time and for any reason.
Waiver.  Failure to insist on strict performance of any of the Terms and
Conditions of Use will not operate as a waiver of any subsequent default or
failure of performance.  No waiver by AMGA of any right under these Terms
and Conditions of Use will be deemed to be either a waiver of any other right or
provision or a waiver of that same right or provision at any other time.
Severability.  If any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use is
determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including,
but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and the liability limitations set
forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed
superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most clearly matches the
intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions
of Use shall continue in effect.
Governing Law; Disputes.  Any disputes arising in connection with these
Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy Policy shall be resolved in the
state and federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, U.S.A.
The validity, construction, and performance of these Terms and Conditions
Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, U.S.A.
This Web site is controlled and operated by AMGA from its offices within the
United States.  AMGA makes no representation that materials on the Web site
are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from
territories where any of the contents of this Web site are illegal is
prohibited.  If you choose to access this Web site from other locations,
you do so on your own volition and are responsible for compliance with any
applicable local laws.
Costs and Attorney’s Fees.  In any action to enforce these Terms and
Conditions of Use, the prevailing party will be entitled to reasonable costs and
attorneys’ fees.
Privacy Policy.  Please see AMGA’s Privacy Policy below for a summary of
AMGA’s practices regarding collection and use of non-public personal
information.  By using this Web site, You consent to AMGA’s collection and
use of personal data as outlined therein.
Privacy Policy
When you visit this Web site, some information such as your Internet address,
Internet Service Provider, operating system, the site from which you linked and
the time and date of your visit may be collected automatically as part of the
software operation of this site. This may include things like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses and other system information. We may use this information to
compile aggregate statistics about the total number of daily visitors to our
site, the pages most frequently visited, and how long people stay at each page,
as well as to investigate potential security incidents and vulnerabilities
associated with the use or abuse of this site.
We also may collect personal information, including phone number, postal
address, e-mail addresses, and other information you chose to provide at various
times, such as when you complete an online form or request. The personal
information we collect online is used to process your requests, to tell about
opportunities we think will be of interest, and to understand your needs so that
we can serve you better. For example, we may use your e-mail or postal address
to alert you about information we think may be of special interest.
How we store and protect your personal information. Information collected
online is electronically stored. AMGA is not responsible for any information you
provide to additional parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with
their practices before disclosing information to them.
Apart from this, we disclose personal information in good faith belief that
we are required to do so by law, or that by doing so is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal process; respond to any claims; or protect the rights,
property, or personal safety of AMGA, its members, our customers, or the public.
Opting out. If, at any time, you wish to opt-out of having your personal
information collected by AMGA, used by AMGA for secondary purposes, or stop
receiving promotional information from AMGA or if you have any questions or
concerns, please e-mail us at: cgibbs@amga.org. You may also write to us at:
Fred Haag
AMGA
One Prince Street
Alexandria, VA 22314-3318
Accessing and Changing Your Information.  If you are registered user of
the Web site, you may review and update or correct your information online or by
contacting us as provided above.
What are cookies and are you required to accept them? AMGA may use Internet
"cookies", web beacons, or other technology to collect information from
visitors' hard drives.  Your browser gives you the option to accept or
decline cookies. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that
help us know where you’ve been on our site and what pages to present to you
next. They also tell us what pages are being viewed and which are not. This
helps us design the site to make your experience easier.
Security.  While no physical or electronic security system is
impenetrable, AMGA strives to maintain levels of privacy and security consistent
with industry standards. To protect the security of information supplied by
users in order to access restricted areas, users must provide e-mail addresses
and passwords to access their information. Although AMGA takes measures to
safeguard against unauthorized disclosure of a user’s data or personal
information, AMGA cannot control Internet transmissions and cannot guarantee or
warrant that personal information transmitted to AMGA will never be compromised.
Geolocation Information.  AMGA may collect geo-location information if
you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information.
You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to
prevent it from providing AMGA with such information.
Use of this Web site by Children. AMGA encourages parents to take an active
interest in their children’s use of the Internet. AMGA does not intend to
collect information from children who identify themselves as less than 18 years
of age. If you are under 18, you should not provide information on this site and
should ask your parent to do so for you.  To the extent that AMGA is able
to determine the age of users by their submissions to, or communications with,
the Web site, AMGA will not knowingly (a) collect or post information from
individuals under 13 years of age without their parent’s or guardian’s
verifiable consent, or (b) provide any personally identifying information
collected from those under 13, regardless of its source, to any third party for
any purpose whatsoever.
Third Party Websites.  This Web site may contain links to other Internet
websites. Unless AMGA explicitly states otherwise, AMGA has no control over
these third party sites and their privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy
applies only to information you supply (or that we collect) in connection with
use of the Web site. You should review third party privacy policies in
connection with visiting other sites.
Governing Law.  This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of AMGA
will be subject exclusively to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia within
the United States of America, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and you
submit to personal jurisdiction in Virginia.  The parties irrevocably agree
that the state and federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Virginia,
U.S.A. shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute which may
arise out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.  AMGA makes no
representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws
of any other state or country. Visitors who use the Web site and reside outside
the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for
compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
If you reside outside of the United States, by using the Web site, you consent
to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.
Changes to this Policy. AMGA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy
at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating the
date the terms were last updated. We encourage you to review our terms of use
whenever you use this website.
Advertisement