http://www.personal-lifecoach.com/privacy-policy/
DIY Home Landscaping Tips
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us
Subscribe to the RSS Feed
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:personal-lifecoach Inc. ("personal-lifecoach") operates personal-lifecoach.com and may operate other websites. It is personal-lifecoach's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, personal-lifecoach collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. personal-lifecoach's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how personal-lifecoach's visitors use its website. From time to time, personal-lifecoach may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
personal-lifecoach also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on personal-lifecoach.com blogs/sites. personal-lifecoach only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to personal-lifecoach's websites choose to interact with personal-lifecoach in ways that require personal-lifecoach to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that personal-lifecoach gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at personal-lifecoach.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with personal-lifecoach are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, personal-lifecoach collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with personal-lifecoach. personal-lifecoach does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
personal-lifecoach may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. personal-lifecoach may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, personal-lifecoach does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
personal-lifecoach discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on personal-lifecoach's behalf or to provide services available at personal-lifecoach's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using personal-lifecoach's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. personal-lifecoach will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, personal-lifecoach discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when personal-lifecoach believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of personal-lifecoach, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an personal-lifecoach website and have supplied your email address, personal-lifecoach may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with personal-lifecoach and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. personal-lifecoach takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. personal-lifecoach uses cookies to help personal-lifecoach identify and track visitors, their usage of personal-lifecoach website, and their website access preferences. personal-lifecoach visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using personal-lifecoach's websites, with the drawback that certain features of personal-lifecoach's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If personal-lifecoach, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that personal-lifecoach goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of personal-lifecoach may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by personal-lifecoach and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, personal-lifecoach may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in personal-lifecoach's sole discretion. personal-lifecoach encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a personal-lifecoach.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« May
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Posts
Best Front Yard Landscaping Ideas
Small backyards Ideas
The Basics About Hiring A Lawn Care Service
Different Types of Landscape Designs
Four Lawn and Landscaping Tips for Spring
Categories
Landscaping
Search for:
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us