http://www.cariboumemorial.org/privacy/
417-635-5749
pr@cariboumemorial.org
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Home
About
Donations
Volunteer!
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Google+
Privacy policy
Working with private data is done in two ways: either manual or automatic, in a strict and secure environment, to ensure privacy at the highest levels.
Definitions:
Personal data: any information about a person, whether is holding an identidy or can be identified, direct or collateral, particularly by referring to an ID number or some other factors, like physical, physiological, spiritual, economic, cultural or social features.
Agreement: the formal understanding between Caribou Memorial and the persons which data will be processed, always clear and unequivocally.
Protection and security level or processing data: the security level is proportional with the risk taken, adequate to the legal requirements eloborated by the supervision authority.
Processing of personal data: any operation or set of operations done to process data, by any means - manual or automatic -, like collecting information, saving, organizing, adapting or modifying, extracting, consulting, combining or segregating, blocking, deleting or destroying data.
Operator: any entity, personal or legal, including public authorities, institution or their regional structures, able to establish the purpose or means of processing data.
User: any person interacting under the operator's jurisdiction, on the website.
Outlines of processing personal data
Legal
Personal data are processed in good faith, according to governing laws.
Determined purpose
Any process involved in working with private data is done based on a known final goal, explicite and implicite, adequate, pertinent and without excess.
Services
Life flight
24 hour emergency
Physical therapy
Diagnostic
Imaging services
Labor
Pharmacy
Nursery
Orthopedic services
Health education
Need help?
Fill in the form
Subject
Call me back!