http://www.premierjets.com/privacy-policy
Call Now -
1-503-640-2927
REQUEST A QUOTE
SERVICES
Medical Flights / Organ Transplants
Cargo Flights
Charter Flights
ABOUT
Service Area
Staff
Accreditations and Credentials
Testimonials
FAQ
CONTACT
Blog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app? We do not collect information from visitors of our site.When do we collect information and how is it used?This website collects information from you when you visit via Google analytics. This information is basic demographic information for the purposes of seeing the generalities of people that visit our site (age groups, general geographic location, etc). The information collected is
non-identifiable.How do we protect your information?Premier Affiliates only provides articles and information regarding our business and related subjects. We will never ask for credit card numbers or other sensitive information. We use regular Malware Scanning.Do we use 'cookies'?Google analytics uses cookies. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly on some websites.Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Third-party linksWe do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website. We have implemented the following:We, along with third-party vendors, such as the Google Analytic), use firstparty cookies for functions as they relate to our website.Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protectchildren's privacy and safety online.We at Primer Affiliates do not specifically market to children under the age of 18 years old. Premier Affiliates does not let third-parties, including ad networks or plugins, collect PII from children under 18.
Request A Quote
Main Office 2140 NE 25th Avenue  Hillsboro, Oregon 97124
Contact +1-503-640-2927operations@premierjets.com
Office Login
Privacy Policy
Share by: