https://www.geisinger.org/about-geisinger/corporate/corporate-policies/social-media-guidelines
Skip to main content
Website Terms of Use
Geisinger.org Privacy Policy
Social Media Guidelines
Corporate Compliance Reporting
Report fraud
HIPAA (New)
Patient Rights & Responsibilities
Universal Authorization
Corporate Policies
Social Media Guidelines
Geisinger uses social networking sites to share general health education and information. We invite you to join us in promoting health and wellness by posting comments, questions and suggestions. By using our social media sites, you agree to the terms and conditions specified below.
Staff monitors our social media during regular business hours, Monday - Friday. We may not see or review every post immediately and comments may be moderated. Therefore, there may be a delay in responding to comments.
The opinions expressed on Geisinger social networking sites are those of the individual authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of Geisinger. Geisinger employees who post comments on our sites must follow all applicable Geisinger policies; identify their affiliation with Geisinger; and ensure that comments are consistent with our standards of professional conduct.
Since this is a public page, please do not include any medical, personal or confidential information in your comments. If you have questions regarding personal or confidential health information or require medical advice, please contact our Geisinger central call line at: 570-271-6211. In the event of an emergency, please call 911.
Information and discussions on Geisinger social networking sites should not be considered medical advice. Your communications with Geisinger through Geisinger social networking sites are informal and not part of our grievance or customer service process. To submit a grievance, please contact Geisinger's Patient Advocates at: 570-271-8881
BY SUBMITTING CONTENT (POSTS, COMMENTS, PHOTOS, ETC.) TO A GEISINGER SOCIAL NETWORKING SITE, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THIS INFORMATION IS PUBLICLY AVAILABLE, AND THAT GEISINGER MAY USE THIS INFORMATION IN STAFF, FAMILY AND EXTERNAL PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE YOUR INFORMATION PUBLISHED, PLEASE DO NOT POST THE INFORMATION.
Should specific discussions and topics generate a large number of comments, or warrant a unique discussion location, we will transfer these discussions to a dedicated discussion space or forum.
Please help to keep this community positive and supportive. Geisinger reserves the ultimate right to edit or delete any comments or content deemed inappropriate. A comment will be hidden if it:
Violates the privacy of our patients and their families
Violates copyright or other laws, or may be confidential
Is off-topic and redundant (e.g., spam or posts intended to sell or promote products, programs or services not related to or affiliated with Geisinger)
Is abusive or hurtful
Uses foul language or "hate speech" (racial-, ethnic- or gender-bashing language)
Includes personal attacks or defamatory comments (i.e., negative personal comments about a fellow commenter) instead of just expressing a difference of opinion
Constitutes impersonation of another person or entity - or falsely states or misrepresents affiliation with another person or entity
Is deemed by our Social Media team to be inappropriate or offensive
Visitors who repeatedly submit inappropriate content may be banned from our social networking sites.
ABOUT US QUICK LINKS
For Media
Geisinger Foundation
News Releases
Join the Geisinger family
Policies
Make a gift
Community Health Needs Assessment