http://www.fentonvets.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you voluntarily enquire/order our products and services, as follows:
Enquiry Form
If you choose to make an enquiry about our products or services, we collect the following personally identifiable information:
Name
E-mail address
Telephone Number
The lawful basis for processing your information is by contract or your consent depending on the nature of your enquiry.
This information is not shared with anyone outside our company.
When placing an order
If you choose to order our products or services, we collect the following personally identifiable information:
Name
Address
Telephone Number
Email Address
The lawful basis for processing the above information is by contract.
How will we use your data
We collect information about you to deliver the services you have requested and occasionally to inform you of other products or services available from us.
We do not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside Fenton Vets.
We do not collect sensitive personal information such as race, religion, political affiliations or bank/credit card details.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith and belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Fenton Vets or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Fenton Vets; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Fenton Vets, or the public.
We collect and process information so we can carry out our responsibilities in animal health, animal welfare, disease monitoring, public health, conservation and compliance with marketing regulations.
We may use your data for the following:
Investigate and report positive results for notifiable or reportable disease
Monitor the possible spread of disease and inform risk assessments
Consultations/visits/inspections required to protect animals and animal welfare
Develop disease control measures
Inform the Veterinary Medicines Directorate of a suspected adverse reaction to a pharmaceutical product
Produce guidance and reports
Client research to improve our services
Dealing with legal claims against us and fraud prevention
Use of IT servicing of data systems
Ensuring our administrative and IT systems are secure and robust against unauthorised access
Maintaining up-to-date personal data to ensure effective correspondence and contact points in the event of an emergency
Sharing Information
Personal data may be made available to local authorities and other public bodies in the UK and EU to meet legal requirements
We may share data with Defra, Iechyd da, RSPCA, other Charities to include Cats Protection League, Dogs Trust, Blue Cross, Xl Vets, Local Government and other organisations/bodies, manufacturers and enforcement authorities.
We may have to release information (including personal data and commercial information under the following legislation:
Data Protection Act 1998
Freedom of Information Act 2000
However, we will not allow any unwarranted breach of confidentiality and we will not act in contravention of our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Marketing
We may occasionally email you regarding products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at any time.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes and if you no longer wish to be contacted, please email admin@fentonvets.co.uk with the subject "Unsubscribe me".
Access to your information and correction or deletion
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some, or all, of the personal information, please email admin@fentonvets.co.uk or write to us at this address: Fenton Veterinary Practice Limited, 21 Portfield, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire SA61 1BN
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You can ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate or remove your information and we have a legal responsibility make any changes for you.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information. Cookies cannot be used to run programmes or deliver viruses to your computer. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of our websites or other websites you visit.
How do we secure your information?
We secure your personally identifiable information on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 2nd July 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you by:
E-mail to: admin@fentonvets.co.uk
Or write to Fenton Veterinary Practice Limited, 21 Portfield, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire SA61 1BN
Havefordwest Practice
Fenton Vets
21 Portfield, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire SA61 1BN
Email. admin@fentonvets.co.uk
Small Animals:(01437) 762806Farm Animals:(01437) 762511
Directions
Pemboke Dock Practice
Fenton Vets
Unit B,London Road Shopping Mall, Kingswood Trading Estate, London Road, Pembroke Dock,SA72 4RS
Email. admin@fentonvets.co.uk
Tel: (01646) 622010
Fenton Veterinary Practice
Get in touch
If you have any questions don't hesitate to get in touch with our friendly veterinary team.
Get in touch
Secondary heading
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies