http://www.dialysisfinder.com/notice-of-privacy-practices
Locate dialysis centers anywhere in the U.S.
1-866-889-6019
Get help from a dialysis placement specialist!
1-866-889-6019
Get placement help now
›
Locate dialysis centers anywhere in the U.S.
1-866-889-6019
Call a dialysis placement specialist
COVID-19 Updates
Safety is #1. Please click here to find COVID-19 updates and safety tips for dialysis patients. For information in Spanish, please click here.
Feedback
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
Effective as of October 9, 2017
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS
TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY.
Your health information is personal, and we are committed to protecting it.
For purposes of this Notice, "DaVita" and the pronouns "we," "us" and "our" refer to all of the licensed dialysis
facilities operated or managed by DaVita Inc. and/or the following subsidiaries, when such subsidiaries are
acting as a covered entity under HIPAA: DaVita Rx, LLC, DVA Laboratory Services Inc., Total Renal Laboratories,
Inc., RMS Lifeline Inc., Nephrology Practice Solutions, LLC, Nephrology Medical Associates of Georgia, LLC
and DNP Management Company, LLC. These entities have been designated as a single affiliated covered entity
for HIPAA Privacy Rule compliance purposes.
DaVita uses and discloses health information about you for treatment, to obtain payment for treatment, for administrative
purposes, to evaluate the quality of care that you receive, and for other purposes permitted by HIPAA. DaVita
is required by law to maintain the privacy of your health information and provide you a notice of our legal
duties and privacy practices with respect to that information and to provide you with notice of a breach
of your unsecured protected health information.
This Notice applies to all records involving your care that are created, and/or maintained by DaVita. Your health
information is contained in a medical record that is the physical property of DaVita. DaVita is required
to abide by the terms of this Notice.
DaVita reserves the right to change its privacy practices, as reflected in this Notice, to revise this Notice,
and to make the new provisions effective for all protected health information it maintains. Revised Notices
will be available in the clinic, on our website, or upon your request.
If you are a patient insured by the United States Department of Veteran Affairs, you may be entitled to rights
and we may be subject to restrictions regarding the use and disclosure of your health information other than
as set forth in this Notice. At all times, we will comply with the applicable requirements of the Department
of Veteran Affairs regarding the use and disclosure of your health information.
How DaVita May Use or Disclose Your Health Information:
We may use or disclose your health information, in certain situations, without your consent or authorization.
Below we describe examples of how we may use or disclose your health information as permitted under or required
by federal law, including instances where we will obtain your authorization. Such uses or disclosures may
be in oral, paper or electronic format.
For Treatment.
DaVita may use and disclose your health information to provide you with medical treatment or services or
to assist in the coordination, continuation or management of your care and any related services. This includes
the coordination or management of your health care with a third party. For example, a health care provider,
such as a physician, nurse or other person providing health services to you, will record information in your
record that is related to your treatment. This may include interdisciplinary conferences with team members
from DaVita and support care teams from other facilities involved in your care and treatment or other providers
who may be able to provide information or insight in the development and coordination of your plan of care.
This information is necessary for other health care providers to determine what treatment you should receive.
For Payment.
DaVita may use and disclose your health information to others for purposes of obtaining payment for treatment
and services that you receive. For example, a bill may be sent to you or to a third-party payer, such as
an insurance company or health plan, for care, items or services provided to you. The information on the
bill may contain information that identifies you, your diagnosis and treatment.
For Health Care Operations.
DaVita may use and disclose health information about you for operational purposes. For example, your health
information may be used by DaVita or disclosed to others in order to:
Communicate with you about our clinic activities and locations;
Evaluate the performance of our staff;
Assess the quality of care and outcomes in your case and similar cases;
Learn how to improve our facilities and services;
Determine how to continually improve the quality and effectiveness of the health care we provide; and
Train Residents, Medical Students, Nurses, Advanced Practitioners, Physician Assistants, Medical Assistants
and other health care professional students or interns.
Health Information Exchange (HIE).
DaVita - along with other health care providers - participate in HIEs which allow patient information to
be shared electronically with other participants. HIEs give your participating health care providers immediate
access to your pertinent medical information necessary for treatment, payment and health care operations.
If you choose to participate in the HIE, your information will be available through the HIE to other providers
in accordance with this Notice and the law. However, sensitive information will never be included. Sensitive
information includes:
Certain mental health, alcohol and substance abuse treatment information;
HIV testing and information;
Any other health information that requires patient consent in order to be disclosed according to contracts;
and
Any other health information that requires patient consent in order to be disclosed under Federal or State
law.
If you choose not to participate in the HIE, your Protected Health Information will continue to be used in
accordance with this Notice of Privacy Practice and the law, but will not be made available through the
HIE.
Communication.
DaVita may use and disclose your information to provide appointment reminders, leave a message on your answering
machine, or leave a message with an individual who answers the phone at your residence. We may, from time
to time, contact you to provide information about treatment alternatives or other DaVita health-related benefits
and services that may be of interest to you, including information on DaVita Rx (DaVita's pharmacy), DVA
Laboratory Services Inc., Total Renal Laboratories, Inc., RMS Lifeline (DaVita's vascular access clinics)
or Nephrology Practice Solutions (physician practices owned by DaVita). In order to better serve you, we
may communicate with you about refill reminders and alternative products. We may also provide you with informational
materials including information about DaVita and its subsidiaries. We may also, at times, send you informational
material about a particular product or service that may be helpful for your treatment. Material may come
from a third party.
Destruction of Records.
DaVita complies with state and federal regulations in regards to the destruction of records, specifically:
The health care record of a person who is less than 23 years of age may not be destroyed;
The health care record of a person must be maintained for 5 years after it has been received or created,
unless federal law requires that it be retained for a longer period of time; and
The health care record of a person who has reached the age of 23 years may be destroyed after 5 years from
the date the record was received or created, unless federal law requires that it be retained for a longer
period of time.
Required or Permitted by Law.
DaVita may use and disclose information about you as required or permitted by law. If a use or disclosure
is required by law, the use or disclosure will be made in compliance with the law and will be limited to
the relevant requirements of the law. If a use or disclosure is required by law, you will be notified of
any such uses or disclosures. For example, DaVita may use and/or disclose information for the following purposes:
For judicial and administrative proceedings pursuant to legal authority;
To report information related to victims of abuse, neglect or domestic violence;
To assist law enforcement officials in their law enforcement duties;
To notify you, law enforcement and regulatory authorities, as necessary, of a breach involving your unsecured
health information, and others as appropriate to help resolve the situation; or
To health oversight agencies responsible for monitoring the health care system and government programs.
Public Health.
Your health information may be used or disclosed for public health activities such as: (1) assisting public
health authorities or other legal authorities to prevent or control disease, injury or disability; (2) reporting
child abuse or neglect to a public health authority or other governmental authority that is authorized by
law to receive such reports; (3) reporting information to a person subject to the jurisdiction of the Food
and Drug Administration (FDA), for public health purposes related to the quality, safety or effectiveness
of FDA-regulated products or activities such as collecting or reporting adverse events, dangerous products,
and defects or problems with FDA-regulated products; (4) notifying a person who may be at risk of contracting
or spreading a disease, if such disclosure is authorized by law; (5) reporting information to your employer,
for the purposes of conducting an evaluation of medical surveillance of the workplace or for the purposes
of evaluating whether you have a work-related illness or injury; or (6) disclosing proof of immunization
to your school, or your child's school, if the school is required by law to have such proof prior to admitting
you or your child. We will obtain and document your agreement to such immunization disclosures.
Individuals involved in your care.
We may provide information about you to a family member, friend or other person involved in your health care
or in payment for your health care. If you are deceased, we may disclose medical information about you to
a family member or friend who was involved in your medical care prior to your death, limited to information
relevant to that person's involvement, unless doing so would be inconsistent with written wishes you previously
provided to us. In addition, upon admission to one of our facilities, we will ask you to complete a
Permission to Discuss Health Information with Other Individuals formto help clarify for us which of your
family members and/or friends are likely to be involved with your health care and/or payment for your health
care. If we disclose information to a family member, relative or close personal friend, we will disclose
only information that we believe is relevant to that person's involvement with your health care or payment
related to your health care.
Clinical Trials and Other Research Activities.
DaVita may use and disclose your health information for research purposes without an authorization from you
when an institutional review board or privacy board has waived the authorization requirement. Under certain
circumstances, your information may also be disclosed without your authorization to researchers preparing
to conduct a research project, for research on decedents or to researchers pursuant to a written data use
agreement.
Health and Safety.
We may, consistent with applicable law and standards of ethical conduct, use or disclose health information
about you if we believe that the use or disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious threat to
the health or safety of a person or the public; provided that, if a disclosure is made, it must be to a person(s)
reasonably able to prevent or lessen the threat. We may also use or disclose your health information if we
believe that the use or disclosure is necessary for law enforcement authorities to identify or apprehend
an individual who: (1) admits to participation in a violent crime that we reasonably believe caused serious
physical harm to the victim, or (2) appears to have escaped from a correctional institution or lawful custody.
Notification and Disaster Relief.
We may use or disclose your health information to notify or assist in notifying your family, a personal representative
or another person responsible for your care of your location, condition or death. We may disclose your health
information to disaster relief authorities so that your family can be notified of your location and condition.
Correctional Institutions.
If you are an inmate or in the custody of law enforcement, we may disclose your health information to correctional
institutions or law enforcement for such purposes as providing care, for the health and safety of yourself
or others, for law enforcement at the correctional facility or for maintenance of safety, security and order
at the facility in accordance with state and/or federal regulations.
Decedents.
Health information may be disclosed to funeral directors, medical examiners or coroners to enable them to
carry out their lawful duties. Once 50 years have passed after your death (or such other period as may be
specified by law), we may use and disclose your health information without regard to the restrictions set
forth in this Notice.
Organ/Tissue Donation.
Your health information may be used or disclosed for cadaveric organ, eye or tissue donation and transplantation
purposes.
Government Functions.
We may disclose your health information for specialized government functions, such as military and veteran's
activities, national security and intelligence activities and protection of public officials.
Workers' Compensation.
Your health information may be used or disclosed in order to comply with laws and regulations related to
Workers' Compensation.
Business Associates.
We may contract with one or more third parties (our business associates) in the course of our business operations.
We may disclose your health information to our business associates so that they can perform the job we have
asked them to do. We require that our business associates sign a business associate agreement and agree to
safeguard the privacy and security of your health information.
Authorizations for Other Uses and Disclosures:
While we may use or disclose your health information without your written authorization as explained above, there
are other instances where we will obtain your written authorization. Except as otherwise provided in this
Notice, we will not use or disclose your health information without your prior written authorization. You
may revoke an authorization at any time, except to the extent DaVita has already relied on the authorization
and taken action.
Examples of uses and disclosures that require your authorization are:
Psychotherapy Notes.
If Psychotherapy Notes are created for your treatment, we must obtain your prior written authorization before
using or disclosing them, except (1) if the creator of those notes needs to use or disclose them for treatment,
(2) for use or disclosure in our own supervised training programs in mental health, or (3) for use or disclosure
in connection with our defense of a proceeding brought by you. "Psychotherapy Notes" means notes recorded
(in any medium) by a health care provider who is a mental health professional documenting or analyzing the
contents of conversation during a private counseling session or a group, joint or family counseling session
and that are separated from the rest of the individual's medical record. "Psychotherapy Notes" excludes medication
prescription and monitoring, counseling session start and stop times, the modalities and frequencies of treatment
furnished, results of clinical tests and any summary of the following items: diagnosis, functional status,
the treatment plan, symptoms, prognosis and progress to date.
Clinical Trials and Other Research Activities.
While we may use or disclose your health information for certain research activities without your authorization
(explained above), there are other activities which may require your authorization. When your specific treatment
is part of a research study and the exceptions to authorization explained above do not apply, we may disclose
your health information to researchers only after you have signed a written informed consent to participate
in the research study and a written authorization to use and disclose your health information for research
purposes. You do not have to sign the authorization in order to receive traditional services from DaVita.
However, if you do not provide written authorization for us to disclose your health information to the researchers,
you may become ineligible for the research study itself.
Marketing.
If we use or disclose your health information for marketing purposes, we must first obtain your written authorization
to do so, except if the communication is face-to-face by us to you or is a promotional gift of nominal value.
No Sale of Your Health Information.
We will not sell your health information to a third party without your prior written authorization.
Patient Recognition.
DaVita strives to celebrate and honor the lives of our patients through a variety of patient recognition
activities, such as celebrating birthdays, anniversaries, graduation, weddings and other personal achievements,
recognizing dialysis milestones and other health achievements, publishing newsletters, holding patient contests,
posting patient photos and fun facts on the facility bulletin board or "Wall of Fame," acknowledging when
a patient is hospitalized and memorializing patients who pass away ("Patient Recognition Activities"). We
may also use your information to send you or your family greeting cards as part of our Patient Recognition
Activities. Patient Recognition Activities are voluntary. You may participate in these Patient Recognition
Activities by executing a written authorization.
Uses and Disclosures of Your Highly Confidential Information.
Some federal and/or state laws require special privacy protections for certain highly confidential health
information, relating to: (1) psychotherapy services; (2) mental health and developmental disabilities services;
(3) alcohol and drug abuse prevention, treatment and referral; (4) HIV/AIDS testing, diagnosis or treatment;
(5) venereal disease(s); (6) genetic testing; (7) child abuse and neglect; (8) domestic abuse of an adult
with a disability; and/or (9) sexual assault. Unless a use or disclosure is permitted or required by law,
we will obtain your written consent or authorization prior to using or disclosing your highly confidential
health information to third parties.
Media.
From time-to-time, media events are hosted at our facilities. The purpose of these events is to raise awareness
about chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. At these events, there may be individuals from
the media as well as DaVita's public relations and marketing teams. If your image, voice or statement is
captured on film, we will obtain your written authorization prior to running any news article, press statement
or other publication with your image, voice or statement. Your participation in these media events and authorization
to disclose your likeness is completely voluntary.
Your Health Information Rights:
You have the following rights regarding your health information. To exercise any of the rights below, please
contact your facility's Facility Administrator to obtain the proper forms.
You have the right to:
Request a restriction on the uses and disclosures of your information for treatment, payment and health care
operations or request a limit on the health information we disclose about you to someone involved in
your care or the payment for your care, such as a family member or a friend:
If you have paid for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, and you ask us not to share
that information with your health insurer for purposes of payment or our operations (not treatment),
we will agree with your request unless a law requires us to share the information. For all other
requests, we will consider your request. For these:
Your request must be in writing, and we will notify you of our decision in writing.
If we do agree to your request, we will comply with your request unless the
information is needed to provide you emergency treatment.
Except for restrictions that we must comply with relating to health plans, we may terminate
our agreement to a restriction at any time by notifying you in writing, but our termination
will only apply to information created or received after we sent you the notice of termination,
unless you agree to make the termination retroactive.
Obtain a paper copy of this Notice upon request and in a timely manner. You may obtain a paper copy of this
Notice by contacting the Privacy Office at 855-472-9822. The Notice is also available in your facility
and on our website.
Inspect and obtain a copy of your health and billing records in a timely manner. You have the right to receive
your clinical diagnostic laboratory test results directly from DVA Laboratory Services Inc. and Total
Renal Laboratories, Inc. All requests to inspect or copy your health information or to access directly
your clinical diagnostic laboratory test results must be in writing. The Facility Administrator, or their
designee, can provide a form for you to use. In certain circumstances, we may deny your request for inspection
or copying, but if we do, we will notify you in writing of the reason(s) for the denial and explain your
right to have the denial reviewed. If the information is maintained electronically and if you request
an electronic copy, we will provide you with an electronic copy in the form and format requested by you,
if it is readily producible in that form and format (if it is not, then we will agree with you on a readable
electronic form and format). You can direct us to transmit the copy directly to another person if you
submit a signed written request that identifies the person to whom you want the copy sent and where to
send it. If you request copies, we may charge a reasonable cost-based fee for the labor involved in copying
the information, the supplies for creating the paper copy or the cost of the portable media, postage,
and providing a summary of your records, if you request a summary.
Request an amendment to your health information. You may request that your health record be amended if you
believe that the health information we have about you is incomplete or incorrect. Requests to amend your
health information must be in writing. The Facility Administrator, or their designee, can provide a form
for you to use. We may deny your request and if we do, we will notify you in writing of the reason for
the denial and your right to submit a statement disagreeing with the denial.
Request confidential communications. You have the right to ask DaVita to communicate health information to
you using alternative means or at alternative locations. Such requests must be in writing. The Facility
Administrator, or their designee, can provide a form for you to use. We will accommodate reasonable requests
and will notify you if we are unable to agree to your request. We may condition our agreement on information
as to how payment will be handled and specification of an alternate address or other method of contact.
Receive an accounting of disclosures of your health information. You have the right to obtain a list of instances
in which DaVita has disclosed your health information except in certain instances. These instances include:
disclosures for treatment, payment and health care operations; disclosures made to you; disclosures incident
to a use or disclosure permitted or required by the Federal HIPAA Privacy Rule; disclosures authorized
by you; disclosures to persons involved in your care or to disaster relief authorities; disclosures for
national security and intelligence purposes; disclosures to correctional institutions or law enforcement
officials; disclosures that are part of a limited data set; and disclosures occurring more than six years
prior to the date of your request. Your request must be in writing. The Facility Administrator, or their
designee, can provide a form for you to use. The first disclosure list in a year is free; if you request
additional lists in any year we may charge you a fee.
Complaints
You may complain to DaVita and to the Department of Health and Human Services if you believe your privacy rights
have been violated. You will not be retaliated against for filing a complaint.
Non-Retaliation
DaVita will not retaliate against you for requesting access to your medical records, Notice of Privacy Practices
or any other HIPAA-related documents. Further, DaVita will not retaliate against you for filing or making
us aware of any HIPAA complaints or grievances.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or complaints about this notice or our privacy practices, please contact: DaVita Inc.
Privacy Office
2000 16th St.
Denver, CO 80202
Phone: (855) 472-9822
View the
Privacy Practice Notice in a PDF
(240KB) (PDF)
Home |
Resources |
DaVita Notice of Privacy Practices |
Website Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Dialysis Centers by State |
Add Your Center |
Request Dialysis Treatment |
Sitemap |
Feedback |
Accessibility Statement
© 2020 DaVita Inc. All rights reserved.
A comprehensive dialysis center directory with centers found in the US. Search now and find a center near you.
Cookie Settings