https://www.additudemag.com/category/adhd-add/related-conditions/oppositional-defiant-disorder/
FooterLogo
Join | Sign In Search ADDitude
SUBSCRIBE
ADHD
What Is ADHD?
ADHD Symptoms
ADHD in Children
ADHD in Adults
ADHD in Women
The ADHD Brain
Find ADHD Specialists
Symptoms & Tests
New! Symptom Checker
ADHD Test for Children
ADHD Test for Adults
All Symptom Tests
ODD
Autism
Learning Disabilities
Sensory Processing
Rejection Sensitivity
All ADHD Comorbidities
ADHD Treatment
Treatment Reviews
ADHD Medications
Natural ADHD Remedies
ADHD Therapies
Managing Treatment
Treating Your Child
Find ADHD Specialists
ADHD Parenting
Positive Parenting
Behavior & Discipline
Schedules & Routines
Organizing Your Child
Health & Nutrition
Friendships & Activities
Teens with ADHD
School & Learning
Homework & Studying
Accommodations
IEPs & 504 Plans
Learning Challenges
School Behavior
Organization
For Teachers
High School
ADHD Adults
Do I Have ADD?
Getting Things Done
Time & Productivity
Health & Nutrition
Home Organization
Relationships
ADHD Resources
2020 Gift Guides
ADHD News & Research
ADHD Newsletters
Free Downloads
Free Webinars
ADDitude Podcast
ADHD Directory
The ADDitude Store
For Professionals
For Clinicians
For Educators
Research Updates
MAGAZINE
SUBSCRIBE
New Issue!
ADDitude Magazine
Digital Issues
Give a Gift Sub!
Community
Discussion Forums
Guest Blogs
Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Home
ADHD & Symptom Tests
ADHD Comorbidities & Related Conditions
What helps ODD? Oppositional defiant disorder is a neurological condition that requires the trained...
Symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder are common in adults with ADHD, but seldom diagnosed. Here,...
Oppositional defiant disorder is a condition marked by overt aggressiveness, hostility, and...
"I was diagnosed with oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) as a child," one reader tells us. "Is there...
In this hour-long webinar-on-demand, learn about medications that can help you manage ODD symptoms,...
The stereotypical hallmarks of ADHD — inattention, poor executive functions, behavioral problems, and...
Many men with attention deficit have uncontrolled emotions that threaten their home life, friendship...
A majority of people ADHD also have a second condition — like learning disabilities, mood disorders,...
A new analysis conducted by UCLA researchers suggests that girls with ADHD are not only at higher...
"My son, who has attention deficit, won't look in the eyes of people who are speaking to him — a...
When anger floods in, it drowns out reason. Your angry child can't articulate his feelings, and so...
Oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) is a serious, family-straining condition often associated with...
Anger leads the list of emotions that can get kids into trouble. Here are simple anger management...
A child with ADHD who is also oppositional and defiant may refuse to take his ADHD medication....
Children with oppositional defiant disorder are blatantly disobedient, disrespectful, and...
Show More Stories
Free Newsletter
Signs & Symptoms
Understand ADHD and related conditions.
Email Address
Sign Up
Read These Next
"Why is My Child So Angry and Aggressive?"
Beaten down by your child's defiant behavior? Wondering why she's always in a rage? It could be oppositional...
Conduct Disorder in Teens with ADHD: Signs, Symptoms, Interventions
In extreme cases, ADHD is accompanied by conduct disorder — a disruptive behavior disorder marked by...
Study: Children with ADHD Struggle Doing Chores Independently and Satisfactorily
The benefits of doing chores are well known, but a new study says children with ADHD may miss out on these...
More Articles Recommended For You
Will Anything Solve My Child’s Defiance and ODD?
Listen to “The ADHD-ODD Connection,” with David Anderson, Ph.D.
Listen to “Beyond Rewards & Consequences: A Better Strategy for Teens with ADHD and ODD” with Ross W. Greene, Ph.D.
Recent Discussions
Extremely loud child
My eight year old daughter has ADHD. She is taking meds which is helping. She is a loud child. Mornings are...
16 year old daughter being assessed for adhd and using emotional blackmail
I am new to this , despite having years of experience and qualifications with younger children, I am really...
Short form for ADHD fidget devices
Hello, my name is Jadon Dewey, and I’m a senior taking Engineering Design and Development at my district’s...
More New Discussions