https://www.bodhijeffreys.com/privacy-policy-and-cookies
Privacy Policy and CookiesThis agreement was last modified on March 13, 2018.
Bodhi Jeffreys ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://www.bodhijeffreys.com/ (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Bodhi Jeffreys has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Bodhi Jeffreys may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Coaching
Awakening & Sacred Living
Give the unique gift you are to the world
For individuals, entrepreneurs, creatives, CEOs, couples, parents
More Info
Recent testimonials
Bodhi has exceptional wisdom and practical knowledge, always applied with a gentle heart.
Monique Martineau
Mindfulness Mentor & Wellness Coach Fenton, California
Bodhi has exceptional wisdom and practical knowledge, always applied with a gentle heart. I learned ways of "being" that allow me to enjoy my life, heal my pain, and be peaceful during heated circumstances.I highly recommend Bodhi as a teacher of teachers.
I’m thankful for your clarity and presence and for how much peace it has brought into my life.
Violet Lehrer
Owner, Clarity Path Coaching Carlsbad, California
Bodhi, I woke up flooded with gratitude for you today — your essence, your teaching, your energy, your sweet soft voice, your non-judgment. Your ability to have integrated that and not just teach it is inspiring to me. I’m thankful for your clarity and presence and for how much peace it has brought into my life. I’m thankful that the kids have learned the meaning of resistance and trigger.
I’m thankful for the hundred times I’ve heard your voice saying “the truth and essence of who we are is love” and that I can hear that voice in my head louder than the childhood “you’re not good enough”. I’ve thankful for the healing you’ve guided me on. I’m thankful that you have shown me (and Matt) the path to our hearts. I’m thankful for all the moments of freedom and joy that are in my life because I am not in resistance. You have made a profound difference in my life.
Bodhi's insight into guiding me to truth is rare and unique.
Sofia Manning
Best-Selling Author, Founder of Manning Inspire Copenhagen, Denmark
I have met a lot of coaches and being a coach myself I have very high standards for what I think a great coach is. Bodhi is more than a great coach, he is a healer and teacher as well as a brilliant coach. Bodhi's insight into guiding me to truth is rare and unique. I feel lucky to have the opportunity to work with him and highly recommend his coaching to anyone who is committed to truth and living a life from freedom.
I am learning to live with an open, positive heart thanks to Bodhi's wisdom and guidance.
Julie Sidur
Insurance Professional Oceanside, California
Working with Bodhi on an individual basis is teaching me how to see the truth about my self-defeating ways and empowering me to deal with the toxic energy in me from as far back as my childhood. He is helping me break free from my negative, conditioned responses that I have had most my life. I am learning to be able to express myself more clearly from my authentic higher self. All I have ever wanted to do is to be able to connect with people.
Bodhi shows me how to do this through helping me to process what is really going on inside, seeing what is truly needed and proceeding from a grounded, secure place in my communication with people in my life. I am learning to live with an open, positive heart thanks to Bodhi's wisdom and guidance. For this I will be forever grateful to Bodhi.
It feels safe to let go of the identification with mind in his presence.
Silja Bjorklund
Quantum Energetics Practitioner, QE With Silja Encinitas, California
Working with Bodhi has brought me into a profoundly deep awareness of my true nature. It feels safe to let go of the identification with mind in his presence. His coaching to live this in my daily life is gentle, clear, and very effective.
See all testimonials
Get awakening talks, videos, events and music
First name: *
Last name: *
Home page:
Email address: *
Sign up
About Bodhi Jeffreys
Bodhi Jeffreys has been exploring consciousness from an early age. Following a profound spiritual awakening, he has been guiding people through their own awakening process as a consciousness teacher, awakening and sacred living coach and conscious business mentor. Bodhi has a Ph.D. in transpersonal psychology and served as a CEO for 20 years. He has also been a university faculty member, as well as a professional songwriter & musician.
Contact
Bodhi Jeffreys
San Marcos, CA 92069
+1 760 599 9488
bodhi@bodhijeffreys.com
FacebookInstagram
Search
Search the site:
Back to top
About
Coaching
Events
Music
Read
Listen
Watch
Contact