http://www.aft.org.uk/view/terms.html
Terms and Conditions - AFT
Terms and Conditions
The following Terms govern use of the website aft.org.uk (the 'Website'). Please read them carefully because by registering with or visiting aft.org.uk, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use.
aft.org.uk is published by John Wiley and Sons Limited (the ‘Publisher’), a private company registered at The Atrium, Southern Gate, Chichester, West Sussex PO19 8SQ, on behalf of the Association for Family Therapy (registered office: 7 Executive Suite, St James Court, Wilderspool Causeway, Warrington Cheshire WA4 6PS. Company No. 03018026, Registered Charity No. 1063639) (the ‘Association’).
The following Terms and Conditions of Use, govern use by all users of the Website (each a ‘User’). Please read the following carefully because by using the Website you are irrevocably agreeing to fully abide by these Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy and Data Protection Policy.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
The entire contents of all material available through the Website are protected by copyright unless otherwise indicated. As a User you have certain rights specified below; all other rights are reserved. All Users will have access to all material within the Website.
Users may download, view, copy and save to hard disk or diskette and store or print out single copies of individual pages for their own personal and non-commercial use, scholarly, educational or scientific research or study. Users may transmit to a third party, in hard copy or electronically, a single page from the Website for that party's own personal and non-commercial use or scholarly, educational, or scientific research or study. In addition, Users have the right to use, with appropriate credit, brief excerpts from the Website content in their own work for the above purposes.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions, Users may not copy, distribute, transmit or otherwise reproduce, sell or resell material or any extracts of material from the Website; store such material in any form or medium in a retrieval system; download and/or store material; or transmit such material, directly or indirectly, for use in any paid service such as document delivery or list serve, or for use by any information brokerage or for systematic distribution, whether or not for commercial or non-profit use or for a fee or free of charge. For any uses other than those permitted above, permission should be sought from the Association in the first instance by contacting the Association at the above address.
Users agree not to remove, obscure or modify any copyright or proprietary notices, author attribution, disclaimer or any screen display as they appear on the Website. Users may not integrate material from the Website with other material or otherwise create derivative works in any medium based on or including materials from the Website. However, brief quotations for purposes of comment, criticism or similar scholarly purposes are not prohibited herein.
Users may not do anything to restrict or inhibit any other User's access to or use of the Website.
If a User refuses or fails to abide by these Terms and Conditions or violates any other terms of this Agreement, the Publisher and Association reserves the right in its sole discretion to suspend or terminate their access to the Website immediately without notice, in addition to any other available remedies.
Users shall not have the right to incorporate any material from the Website into any institutional or other repository under any circumstances without the prior written approval of the Association.
All trademarks, logos, product and company names are owned by the Publisher, the Association or third parties. No permission is given in respect of the use of any such trademarks, logos, product or company names where such use may infringe the holder's rights.
BREACH OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
When the Publisher considers that a breach of these Terms and Conditions has occurred, we may at our discretion take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with these Terms and Conditions constitutes a material breach of the same on which you are permitted to use the Website, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Website.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law.
The Publisher excludes their liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of these Terms and Conditions. The actions described above are not limited, and the Publisher may take any other action it reasonably deems appropriate.
ADDITIONAL TERMS
The Publisher is not responsible for any charges associated with accessing the Website including any computer equipment, telephone or Internet connections, or access software.
The Publisher and Association reserve the right at any time without notice to alter the content of the Website and these Terms and Conditions. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions shall be posted on the Website. Your continued use of the Website following any such change shall signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions as amended.
The Website may provide links to third-party websites. Where such links exist, the Publisher and Association disclaim all responsibility and liability for the content of such third-party websites. Users assume the sole responsibility for the accessing of third party websites and the use of any content appearing on such websites.
Registration is required to access selected areas of the Website. At registration, you shall select your username and password. You should not share or disclose your password to any other User. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Publisher and Association reserve the right to deny Users access to the Website or any part of it without notice and to decline to provide access or services to any User who is in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
The Website includes areas in which third parties can advertise goods and services. The use of such goods and services shall be subject to the third party's terms and conditions and Users assume the sole responsibility for entering into agreements with such third parties. The Publisher and Association disclaim all responsibility and liability for any disputes arising from such agreements or for any errors or inaccuracies in the description of such goods and services. The advertising of goods and services in selected areas of the Website implies no endorsement or warranty on the part of the Publisher or Association in relation to those goods and services.
Any special offers or promotions advertised on the Website will comply with the relevant legislation and codes of practice in force in the United Kingdom.
Warranty Limitations and Exclusions of Liability
This Website and its content (whether provided by the Publisher, the Association or by third parties) is provided on an 'as is' basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose or warranties as to accuracy or completeness.
The use of the Website and any services provided is at the User's own risk. Users should be aware that identifiable personal information, such as name or email address, that is voluntarily disclosed as part of the Directories or on any related third-party bulletin boards or in chat areas accessible to other Users, could be collected or disclosed by other Users and that no liability is accepted for such collection and disclosure by the Publisher or Association.
Access to the Website may be interrupted and may not be error free.
Neither the Publisher, the Association nor anyone else involved in creating, producing or delivering the Website shall be liable to the fullest extent permitted by the law for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages arising out of the User's use of or inability to use the Website or any materials or information in it.
The User accepts and agrees that the information on the Website is intended as general information only. Neither the Publisher, the Association nor anyone else involved in creating, producing or delivering the Website shall be liable for any loss or damage occasioned to any person or property through using the information contained in aft.org.uk, or acting or refraining from acting as a result of such use.
The Website is aimed primarily at Users who are residents in the United Kingdom. The Publisher and Association make no representation that any information, service or product referred to in the Website is suitable or available for use outside the United Kingdom. Neither the Publisher, the Association nor anyone else involved in creating, producing or delivering the Website shall be liable for any failure to comply with any local legislation and codes of practice applicable outside of the United Kingdom.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by English law as if made and wholly performed in England and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts
PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION POLICY
The Publisher and Association recognise the importance of protecting the information it collects in the operation of the Website and will act in compliance with the Website’s Privacy and Data Protection Policy.
LINKING TO THE WEBSITE
You may link to the home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage the reputation of the Publisher or the Association or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
The site must not be framed on any other site, if a link to the Website is directed to an area requiring registration, the link must be directed to the relevant registration page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these Terms and Conditions.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to the AFT Office.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES
In addition the Website may offer additional services, including optional E-mail Alerting Services, which are opted into by registration and may be opted out of at any time. By choosing to take advantage of this and other services offered by the Website, Users consent to the use of their information for the purposes of providing these services.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website puts on a hard drive so that it can remember information about a user at a later date. The Website uses cookies in two ways: as a temporary Session Control cookie to validate access privileges and, at the User's option, as a permanent cookie to facilitate login to the Website via the Remember Me option. Cookies are not used to gather or provide usage statistics. By choosing to take advantage of these services, Users consent to the use of their information for the purposes of providing these services.
Session Control Cookie: Session control cookies are used on most Web sites today because they facilitate navigation. In order to use the Website Users must have their browsers set to accept cookies.
Once a User is signed onto the Website, the Web server uses a temporary cookie to help manage the visit to the service. This Session Control Cookie is deleted when the User clicks on the Logout button in the Website or when the User quits the browser.
Remember Me Cookie: When a User registers to gain access to the Website or its personalization features, the User is asked to choose a user name and password. Every time the User logs into the Website, he/she will be asked to enter this unique user name and password. Users have the option of storing this information on their computers as a permanent cookie by selecting the 'Remember Me' option when logging in. This feature is optional and user controlled. The Remember Me cookie can be deleted at any time by clicking on the Logout button in the Website.
Users must be careful not to store their user name and password as a cookie on any computer that is not their own, since doing so would enable other users coming to that computer to access the Website under their name.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms of Use shall be governed by English law as if made and wholly performed in England and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
GENERAL
No failure by the Publisher or Association in exercising any rights under these Terms and Conditions shall prejudice or restrict our rights or operate or be construed as a waiver thereof. Any single or partial exercise of any such rights shall not preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. No waiver of any breach of these Terms and Conditions shall be held to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.
The Publisher or Association shall not be liable for any breach of these Terms and Conditions or any failure to provide or delay in provision of any services through this Website resulting from any event or circumstance beyond its reasonable control including, without limitation, any Acts of God, strikes, lock outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, fire, flood, explosion or accident.
If any of these Terms of Use are or become or are declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such terms shall be severed from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of these Terms and Conditions.
Section Navigation
Join AFT
AFT Statement – BLM
COVID-19 information
Benefits of Membership
Branches
Publications
Journal of Family Therapy
Context
Writing for Context
Context Subscriptions
Advertise in Context
Australian and New Zealand Journal of Family Therapy
Journal of Marital and Family Therapy
SCORE
SCORE Translations
Research
Employers and Commissioners
Make a charitable donation
International links
EFTA
Who's Who at AFT
Board of Directors and Trustees
Committees
Staff & Officers
Site Breadcrumb
Home
Terms and Conditions
Share This Links
Follow @AFTorg_UK
Home Page - Association for Family Therapy & Systemic Practice
Search the site
Site Search
Enter Search Term
Main Site Navigation
Home
About AFT
Considering Therapy?
Members
Training
Media
Events
Jobs
Contact Us
Members' Login
Credentials
E-mail Address:
Password:
Remember Me
Site Registration
Website Registration
Forgotten Password?
Site Footer
Accessibility Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
7 Executive Suite, St James Court, Wilderspool Causeway, Warrington, Cheshire, WA4 6PS
Company No. 03018026, Registered Charity No. 1063639
The Association for Family Therapy © 2020
Brought to you by Wiley
Our site uses cookies to improve your experience. You can find out more about our use of cookies
in our "standard cookie policy", including
instructions on how to reject and delete cookies if you wish to do so. By continuing to browse this site you agree
to us using cookies as described in our "standard cookie policy".
Our site uses cookies to improve your experience. You can find out more about our use of cookies
in our "standard cookie policy", including
instructions on how to reject and delete cookies if you wish to do so. By continuing to browse this site you agree
to us using cookies as described in our "standard cookie policy".