https://www.tplocare.com/privacy/
Skip to content Skip to blog sidebar
Home » Privacy Policy
Kickstart Commerce LLC (“Kickstart Commerce”) operates tplocare.com and may operate other websites. It is Kickstart Commerce’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Kickstart Commerce collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Kickstart Commerce’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Kickstart Commerce’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, Kickstart Commerce may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Kickstart Commerce also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on tplocare.com blogs/sites.
Kickstart Commerce only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Kickstart Commerce’s websites choose to interact with Kickstart Commerce in ways that require Kickstart Commerce to gather personally-identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Kickstart Commerce gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at tplocare.com to provide a username and email address.
Those who engage in transactions with Kickstart Commerce are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, Kickstart Commerce collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Kickstart Commerce.
Kickstart Commerce does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Kickstart Commerce may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Kickstart Commerce may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Kickstart Commerce does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Kickstart Commerce discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that
(i) need to know that information in order to process it on Kickstart Commerce’s behalf or to provide services available at Kickstart Commerce’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Kickstart Commerce’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Kickstart Commerce will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Kickstart Commerce discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Kickstart Commerce believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Kickstart Commerce, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of an Kickstart Commerce website and have supplied your email address, Kickstart Commerce may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Kickstart Commerce and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Kickstart Commerce takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookie
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Kickstart Commerce uses cookies to help Kickstart Commerce identify and track visitors, their usage of Kickstart Commerce website, and their website access preferences.
Kickstart Commerce visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Kickstart Commerce’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Kickstart Commerce’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Kickstart Commerce, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Kickstart Commerce goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Kickstart Commerce may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer.
This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Kickstart Commerce and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Kickstart Commerce may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Kickstart Commerce’s sole discretion.
Kickstart Commerce encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
If you have a tplocare.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Locate A TPLO Specialist
Have a TPLO specialist contact you to answer any questions you may have about your dog, and general dog knee injuries and surgery.
Email Address
*
Trending Topics
4 Common TPLO Surgery Alternatives for Your Dog November 5, 2019
5 Best Slings and Lift Harnesses for Dog Knee Injuries November 25, 2019
7 Dog Supplements to Consider Pre and Post TPLO Surgery November 11, 2019
Best 3 Pet Health Insurance Providers Covering TPLO Surgery for Dogs December 1, 2019
6 Cones and Collars for Dogs Post Surgery and Injury Recovery October 19, 2020
Browse by Topic
Education
Equipment
Financing
Prevention
Supplements
Recent PostsHow to tell the difference between dog hip dysplasia and dog knee injuriesNovember 9, 20206 Cones and Collars for Dogs Post Surgery and Injury RecoveryOctober 19, 2020Best 3 Pet Health Insurance Providers Covering TPLO Surgery for DogsDecember 1, 2019Helpful Insight Into Understanding Your Dog’s CCL InjuryNovember 30, 20196 Ways to Save Money on Dog Knee SurgeryNovember 28, 2019