http://www.ridgeviewmedical.org/privacy/
You are here:
Home > Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Ridgeview is sensitive to protecting the privacy of our website visitors. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to let you know how Ridgeview handles information received from you through this website, as well as inform you of the risks involved when you communicate or provide information by way of the Internet. Keep in mind that changes are periodically made to this Privacy Statement without notice and it is your responsibility to review the Statement when you use this website. By continuing to use this site, you consent to any changes to our policy or terms of use.
During your visit to Ridgeview’s website, remember that the medical and health information presented here is intended to be general in nature, and should not be viewed as a substitute for professional advice. Please consult with a health care professional for all matters relating to personal medical and health care issues.
Health and Medical Information
Certain health and medical information about you is protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) and applicable state law. This information may be provided by you online or offline, or may be collected by us from other methods such as through a health care provider. Ridgeview protects covered health and medical information as required by HIPAA and applicable state law. Similarly, Ridgeview may use covered health and medical information as permitted by HIPAA and applicable state law.
To read more about Ridgeview’s privacy practices regarding health and medical information under HIPAA, please click here Notice of Privacy Practices [PDF]. In the event of any conflict between Ridgeview’s HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices and this Website Privacy Statement, the terms of our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices shall control.
Security/Confidentiality
No transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Ridgeview will, however, use a number of physical security methods (such as locks and alarm systems); electronic security methods (passwords and encryption methods); and procedural methods (rules regarding the handling and use of information) to protect the security and integrity of information submitted through this Web site.
Information Collection and Storage
Personally Identifiable Information: Ridgeview does not collect information that personally identifies you unless you choose to provide it to Ridgeview (for example, Web pages that allow you to register for a class, complete an online job application or send an e-mail message). The personal information you submit is shared only with those people at Ridgeview who need this information to respond to your question or request, and as otherwise permitted by law to allow Ridgeview to operate our business or to comply with applicable laws.
As used in this Privacy Statement, personal information does not include information protected under HIPAA or applicable state laws, which is protected as described in the section “Health and Medical Information” above.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Ridgeview collects information that does not personally identify you for various purposes (for example, website usage, traffic patterns, site performance and related statistics based on your visits to our website).Ridgeview collects some of this information using persistent “cookies” to recognize a repeat visitor and gather general information about how the site is viewed. Ridgeview also collects and logs the IP address of each visitor to gather aggregate data on visitors to our site. Keep in mind that neither cookies nor IP addresses are used to collect any personal information from you.
Email
Most email does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. It is possible that your email could be viewed inappropriately by another Internet user. If you choose to provide us with your email, any misaddressing may result in others intercepting, altering, forwarding or using the information without authorization. If you wish to keep your information completely private, you should not use email.
At times, a representative from Ridgeview’s website may wish to deliver information to you via email. In addition, Ridgeview's Marketing and Communications Department and/or Ridgeview Foundation may occasionally distribute news and announcements via email. Please note, Ridgeview does not sell, trade, or otherwise share our email lists with others. You may remove your name from any list you have registered for using our website’s established method.
If you receive email at work, your employer may have the right to save and read your email; similarly, your Internet service provider may have the right to save and read your email.
If you share your email account, others may view your emails.
Email can be used unknowingly to spread computer viruses.
Links to Other Websites
Ridgeview’s website contains links to other websites that are not managed or controlled by Ridgeview. These links are provided for your convenience only. Ridgeview does not review, endorse or take responsibility for the content of these other websites. Ridgeview bears no responsibility for the content in any linked websites–whether Ridgeview provides a link or a third party links to Ridgeview’s website. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to Ridgeview’s website, you do this entirely at your own risk. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that the third party you link to for your use is free of computer viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. If you choose to access such sites, you are subject to the privacy policies of those sites.
If you transmit or provide data to Ridgeview, it is confidentialRidgeview does not sell or publish peoples’ personal information and financial information collected via any of Ridgeview’s websites.
Information from Children
Ridgeview’s website is not intended to attract or collect information from children under the age of 13, unless they receive verifiable parental consent. If you think Ridgeview has collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 through this website, please contact Ridgeview immediately.
Printing or Downloading Information
Unless otherwise stated, you may print or download information from Ridgeview’s website for personal, noncommercial use only. You must, however, identify the source of the material and include a statement that the materials are protected by copyright law.
Website Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact Ridgeview at: info@ridgeviewmedical.org.
Ridgeview Medical Center500 S. Maple StreetWaconia, MN 55387
Recent News
Meet Our Board Member - Nikki Vanecek
December 7, 2020
New Norman and Ann Hoffman Emergency Center opens on Ridgeview’s Waconia Campus
December 4, 2020
CEOs letter to the community
December 3, 2020
Ridgeview receives semi-trailer for emergency response, mobile clinic services
December 3, 2020
New Norman and Ann Hoffman Emergency Center opens on Ridgeview’s Waconia campus
December 1, 2020
View More
Upcoming Events
Ongoing
FREE Childbirth Education Guidebook - The Gift of Motherhood
Education and support guidebook for your upcoming childbirth experience.
Ongoing
Online Prenatal Education
Ridgeview offers comprehensive online education to help you prepare for your birthing experience.
Jun
25
Thursday
Mom & Baby Virtual CONNECTION
10:30 AM - 11:30 AM
Offers moms the opportunity to visit with a Ridgeview lactation consultant to get their breastfeeding questions answered, and connect with other new moms virtually.
Sep
21
Monday
Bariatric Support Group
6:00 PM - 7:00 PM
This Bariartic support group offers education and guidance helping you achieve and maintain a successful and healthy weight.
Oct
6
Tuesday
Bariatric Support Group
6:00 PM - 7:00 PM
This Bariartic support group offers education and guidance helping you achieve and maintain a successful and healthy weight.