http://www.pledgepage.org/?pg=legal
9,856 PledgePage sites have generated 157,372,683 hits to raise well over $3,190,806 for good causes around the globe.
Thank you.
Login
[?]
username:
password:
keep me logged in
Search
individuals
List All PledgePages
About Us
Features
Our History
Spotlight Sites
Testimonials
Legalese
About CharityFocus
Contact Us
Technical Support
General Information
Signup
Volunteer
FAQ
Help
Legalese
This page contains informations on intellectual property copyrights, terms of use and privacy policy.
If you have any questions, please feel free to
contact us.
Copyright:
All content included on the PledgePage Service, such as text, graphics,
logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of
PledgePage or their content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and
assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of PledgePage
and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on
this site is the property of PledgePage or its software suppliers and protected
by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this
site may be used as provided for in the Terms of Use. Any other use, including
the reproduction, modification or creation of derivative works, distribution,
transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this
site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks and Service Marks:
PledgePage and PledgePages and My PledgePage are the property of PledgePage,
in the United States and other countries. Other PledgePage graphics, logos
and service names are the property of PledgePage. PledgePage's trademarks
may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not
PledgePage's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among
customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits PledgePage.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Terms of Use: PledgePage.com, Inc. ("PledgePage", "Pledgepage.com", "we") owns and operates the
properties located at www.PledgePage.com (collectively the "Properties").
This Agreement and Disclaimer contains the terms, conditions and restrictions
applicable to your use ("You") of and access to PledgePage's Properties and
the services provided by PledgdPage in connection therewith, including,
without limitation, any and all information you may obtain or view on the
Properties.
By your use of the Properties, including our Website located at www.PledgePage.com you are deemed to have agreed to all of the terms set forth in this Agreement and Disclaimer. If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement and Disclaimer, you are hereby notified that you should not view or access any of the Properties.
Right to modify site:
We reserve the right to modify the Terms of Use at any time and without prior
notice to You. We may add to, change, delete or end our or Your use of our
service at any time. The service may be temporarily unavailable from time to
time for maintenance or other reasons.
Our service includes a broad range of on-line resources. Unless we expressly
tell you otherwise, all new features that we provide to modify, supplement, or
improve our current Service will be subject to this User Agreement. Before you
can use our Service, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web. You're
solely responsible for paying all sums associated with that access and
obtaining and maintaining all equipment needed for that access. We currently
offer users disk space for their files at each PledgePage address.
Right to Suspend or Terminate Your Use of the Service:
We may, in our sole discretion, (a) suspend or terminate your account or your
web pages (or any of them), (b) terminate or modify all or any portion of the
Service, (c) remove, discard, and bar your and third party access to any
Content (and related files and information) for any reason, including, without
limitation, for lack of use or if we believe that you violated or acted
inconsistent with the letter or spirit of this TERMS OF USE, and (d) suspend
or terminate your e-mail account, if any, for lack of use. We may exercise
any such rights without notice or liability to you or any third party.
Eminent Domain:
PledgePage reserves the right to take and keep for itself your subdomain
and any and all subdomains within the PledgePage domain. PledgePage, in its
sole discretion and without notice, may exercise such "eminent domain" powers
over any or all such subdomains, and thereby cause you to surrender your
subdomain to PledgePage without any compensation to you or liability to us.
Banners, Advertisements, and Promotions:
We reserve the right to post banners, advertisements, promotions, and similar
content on web pages and PledgePage sites that are a part of our Service.
The manner, mode, location, and extent of such postings are subject to
change.
Fees: Building a homepage on PledgePage is currently free to the user. Making a
donation on PledgePage is currently free to the donor. We will not charge
any fees to the user or donor without prior notification.
Your registration obligations:
You must provide truthful, complete
information (the "Registration Information") on our online registration form.
You also must update the Registration Information as appropriate in order to
keep the Registration Information truthful and complete. If you provide us
with any Registration Information or other information that isn't truthful,
complete, or up-to-date, or if we have grounds to suspect that any of it
isn't truthful, complete, or up-to-date, then we may suspend, terminate, or
take any other legal action with respect to your account. If you share your
password with any third parties, you assume complete responsibility for
that person's contributions to your web page and that person's use of our
Service. We reserve the right to refuse use of our Service (or any portion
of it) by you or any third party.
Unsolicited submissions:
Don't send us, by any means, any unsolicited submissions of any kind,
including, without limitation, any ideas, concepts, offers, proposals,
business plans, or any other form or manner of solicitation. We won't
acknowledge or assume any responsibility for any such communications, and
the content of any such communications (and any other communications) will
not be treated as confidential or proprietary to you. If, notwithstanding
the above, you choose to send us any such communication, you acknowledge
that, by doing so, (a) you waive and relinquish any and all rights you
may have to any such unsolicited submission with respect to PledgePage,
and (b) you will not attempt to hold us liable for any use or non-use
of any such unsolicited submission.
You must be at least 13 years old to use our service.
If you're younger than 13 years old, you are prohibited from using
the service unless under strict supervision by an adult.
By clicking the "I accept" button at the
end of this terms of use, you signify your acceptance of this terms of use
and further represent that you are at least 13 years old.
No resale of service:
You may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, rent, lease,
sublease, or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or
access to the Service.
Content:
All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics,
video, messages, and other information or materials that you find at
www.PledgePage.com and that does not originate directly from PledgePage
("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the
sole responsibility of the person from whom that Content originated.
This means that you, and not PledgePage, are fully responsible, and are
legally liable, for all Content that you upload, download, post, make
available, or otherwise transmit on the Service. We don't review or
control the Content posted by users of the Service or otherwise, nor do
we, either expressly or implicitly, warrant or make any assurance about
the accuracy, source, quality, or integrity of any such Content. In
addition, visitors to and other users of our Service will have access
to Content that you upload, post, or otherwise make available and might
copy, modify, or distribute it. We're not and shall not be liable to you
for any such use of any Content by visitors to or users of our Service.
We don't generally monitor the Content posted by users. While using the
Service, you may be exposed to Content of other users with which you may
disagree or that you may find offensive, indecent, or objectionable, or
that is inaccurate, misleading, or illegal. You expressly assume and agree
to bear any and all risks associated with the use of any Content and your
exposure to any Content, including any reliance by you on the accuracy,
integrity, usefulness, or completeness of such Content. We're not and
shall not be liable or responsible to you or any other party for (and
you agree to hold PledgePage harmless from) any harm, loss, or damages
of any amount or type arising from your access to, or use of, the Service
or any Content posted to, downloaded from, or otherwise made available
through, the Service - whether it's your Content or the Content of a
third party or PledgePage.
You agree that you won't use the Service to do any of the following:
upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available any Content,
or select any member name, that:
violates any intellectual property right or other right of
any party;
is abusive, harmful, threatening, harassing, vulgar,
obscene, hateful, pornographic, or racially or ethnically
objectionable, or violates the privacy of a third party;
violates any applicable domestic or international law or
government regulation (including those of any state, foreign
country, securities exchange, the S.E.C., and the F.C.C.);
upload, post, make available, or otherwise transmit serial
numbers for software for the purpose of illegally registering
or validating software;
is disruptive to the PledgePage community or to PledgePage's
business or business relationships; or
you don't have a right to make available under any law or
under contractual or fiduciary relationship (including,
without limitation, proprietary and confidential information
of others, including information learned during employment
or consulting relationships or pursuant to non-disclosure
agreements, and inside information as that term is
understood under applicable securities laws).
upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available any material
that contains software viruses, worms, or any other computer code or
portions of code, programs, or files designed to interfere with,
interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software
or hardware or telecommunications or other equipment or to cause a
security breach of such software, hardware, or other equipment;
upload, post, transmit, or otherwise make available any unsolicited
or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail,
chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation,
except in those areas of the Service that we may designate for such
purposes;
engage in or run raffles, lotteries, contests, or sweepstakes;
disguise the origin of any Content uploaded to, posted on,
transmitted, or otherwise made available on or through the Service,
including, without limitation, by forging headers, providing inaccurate
intellectual property notices, or otherwise manipulating identifiers;
impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, a
PledgePage official, employee, or representative, or falsely state or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation or association with, sponsorship
by, or connection to, any person or entity, including, without limitation, by
using logos, names, trademarks, service marks, meta tags, addresses,
symbols, or other identifiers that you do not have the legal right to
use;
modify, obscure, or eliminate the PledgePage frame set, banner
advertising, or any other content or information that originates from
PledgePage;
harm minors in any way;
promote or provide instructions or information about how to engage
in illegal conduct or commit illegal activities, promote physical harm or
injury, or promote any illegal act of cruelty to animals. This includes,
but is not limited to, providing instructions on how to assemble bombs and
any other weapons, and creating Crush sites;
collect or harvest screen names; collect or store personal data
about other users; or solicit or attempt to discover a user's password,
screen name, or other registration information without the user's express
knowledge and consent;
interfere with or disrupt the Service, or servers or networks
connected to the Service, or violate any requirements, policies, regulations,
or procedures of networks connected to the Service;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll"
faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act
in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real
time exchanges;
provide links to sites, networks, Content, or resources that are
themselves in violation of the letter or spirit of this TERMS OF USE, or
promote the violation of this TERMS OF USE or make available tools or
information whose primary use constitutes a violation of the letter or
spirit of this TERMS OF USE;
use your web pages or directory as storage for remote loading or as
a door or signpost to another web page, whether inside or outside
PledgePage;
develop hidden pages or images (those not linked to from another
accessible page), or restrict access to any pages other than through
password protection mechanisms provided and approved by PledgePage;
interfere with the operation or design of any elements that PledgePage
may add to users' pages, including, without limitation, toolbars,
advertising banners, watermarks, logos, or other messages of any kind;
or,
engage in commercial activities on the Service that are not
PledgePage-approved. Such prohibited commercial activities include,
without limitation:
soliciting for advertisers or sponsors;
displaying an advertising or sponsorship banner of any kind,
including those that are generated by banner or link exchange
services, other than those provided by PledgePage;
displaying banners for services that provide cash or
cash-equivalent prizes to users in exchange for hyperlinks to
their web sites, other than those provided by PledgePage;
advertising or soliciting the sale of member pages or
subdomains through any means other than those provided by
PledgePage; and,
providing a link to a commercial site outside of a
PledgePage-approved program unless that link may be construed
exclusively as a service to your visitors and you receive no
individual payment or consideration by providing that link.
Content Submitted for the Service:
We don't claim ownership of the Content that you place on your web pages.
You represent and warrant that you own all necessary rights, title, and,
interests in and to any and all Content that you post, upload, transmit, or
make available on your PledgePage web pages, consistent with your use of such
Content and consistent with your grant of rights to PledgePage under this
TERMS OF USE. By submitting Content to us for inclusion on your PledgePage
web page, and/or by posting, uploading, or otherwise making available Content
on your PledgePage web page, you grant PledgePage a world-wide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, and otherwise
exploit the Content in all current and future media for the purpose of
displaying, distributing, and promoting your PledgePage web page and/or
PledgePage itself. PledgePage has the right to refuse or remove any Content
that violates this TERMS OF USE or that is, in PledgePage's sole discretion,
objectionable.
Links to Other Sites and Resources:
As a convenience to you, we may provide links through the Service to other
World Wide Web sites or resources (collectively, the "Third Party Resources").
We don't maintain such Third Party Resources, nor do we have any control over
them. We don't endorse, approve, or sponsor any of the Third Party Resources,
or any content, advertising, information, materials, products, services, or
other items on or available from them (collectively, the "Third Party
Materials"). The Third Party Resources and the Third Party Materials may
contain content that you or others may find inappropriate, offensive,
indecent, or objectionable. We disclaim all liability for the availability,
performance, accuracy, source, quality, integrity, and decency of the Third
Party Resources and Third Party Materials, and the compliance of the Third
Party Resources and Third Party Materials with any law or regulation. We're
not and shall not be liable for any harm, loss, or damage of any kind caused
or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on
any Third Party Materials or Third Party Resources.
International Use of PledgePage:
The Internet spans the world. Because of this, you must comply with all
applicable local laws, rules, and regulations, whether in other countries
or states within the United States, regarding online conduct, acceptable
Content, and your use of the Service. In addition, you must comply with
all applicable laws and regulations regarding the transmission of technical
data exported from the United States or the country from which you use the
Service, including, without limitation, any and all restrictions on encryption
technology.
PledgePage's Privacy Policy:
Under our Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated into this TERMS OF USE,
we may disclose to third parties certain aggregate information contained in
your Registration Information or related information. We won't, however,
disclose personally identifiable information about you unless: (a) you
specifically authorize us to do so, (b) we believe, in good faith, that
such disclosure is necessary either to comply with the law or a legal process
(including subpoenas and other court orders), or to enforce this TERMS OF USE,
or (c) it's otherwise permitted under our Privacy Policy (which we may amend
from time to time, without notice to you). For more information, please see
our full Privacy Policy.
PledgePage's Proprietary Rights:
The Service and any software used in connection with the Service ("Software")
contain information that's proprietary and confidential to PledgePage, and
they're protected by intellectual property, trade secret, and other laws.
The content and other materials contained in advertisements or presented to
you through the Service are protected by similar laws. Except as expressly
authorized in writing by PledgePage or, where applicable, Third Party
Businesses, you agree not to, in whole or in part, copy, duplicate, create
derivative works based on, modify, sell, distribute, lease, loan, or rent
the Service or any software used in connection with the Service or any
content or other materials made available to you on or through the Service.
PledgePage grants you a personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right
and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer;
provided, however, that (a) you may not copy, modify, create a derivative
work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to
discover any source code associated with the Service, and (b) you may not
sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise
transfer any right in the Software to any third party. You may not modify
the Software in any manner or form. You may not access the Service by any
means other than through the interface that's provided by PledgePage for
use in accessing the Service.
PledgePage Isn't Responsible for Any Loss or Corruption of Data:
We're not and shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or corruption
of data that you may experience on the Service or otherwise, nor are we
required to return to you any data that you have stored on the Service.
This includes, without limitation, the loss or corruption of data resulting
from the suspension, deletion, or modification of your web pages or the
PledgePage site, network, system, or server "crashes" or outages, or other
power outages, damage caused by viruses, worms, or security breaches, file
corruption, and any other cause. We urge you to maintain backup versions of
your web pages or PledgePage site to help protect yourself against such
losses.
We May Give Notices, But We're Not Required to Do So:
We may give you notice by either email or regular mail. We may also provide
notices of changes to this TERMS OF USE or other matters by displaying
notices, or links to notices, to you generally on the Service. However, you
acknowledge and agree that PledgePage is not obligated under any circumstances
to give you notice. It's exclusively your responsibility to keep up with,
read, and understand any changes PledgePage may make to its Service, to this
TERMS OF USE, or otherwise. We urge you to keep apprised of all such changes
and to read this TERMS OF USE on a regular basis. Whether or not you chose to
keep apprised and whether or not we elect to give you formal notice of any
such changes, you agree to be bound by the most recent TERMS OF USE posted on
the www.PledgePage.com site.
Indemnity:
You agree to indemnify and hold PledgePage and its affiliates, employees,
directors, agents, and partners harmless from all liabilities, losses,
damages, costs, and expenses (including attorneys' and other professionals'
fees) on account of any claim, suit, action, demand, or proceeding made or
brought against any such party, or on account of the investigation, defense,
or settlement thereof, arising out of or in connection with (a) your Content,
(b) your use of and connection to the Service, (c) your violation of this
TERMS OF USE, or (d) your violation of any rights of any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED TO
YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND
ALL WARRANTIES OF EVERY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (A) THE SERVICE WILL
MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (B) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE,
OR ERROR-FREE, (C) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE WILL ACHIEVE ANY PARTICULAR RESULT,
(D) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL
OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY THIRD
PARTY RESOURCES AND THIRD PARTY MATERIALS) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR
(E) ANY ERRORS IN OUR SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED AND
ANY MATERIAL, PRODUCT, OR SERVICE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY THIRD PARTY RESOURCES AND THIRD PARTY
MATERIALS) IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU'LL BE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA AND DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM AND ANY
OTHER PROPERTY ITEM THAT RESULTS FROM ANY SUCH ACTIVITY. NO ADVICE OR
INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM PLEDGEPAGE OR
THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED
IN THIS TERMS OF USE. THE DISCLAIMERS CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH ARE A
MATERIAL PART OF OUR AGREEMENT TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE TO YOU.
Limitations of Liability:
WE WON'T AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES
(EVEN IF WE'VE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING
FROM: (A) ANY USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (B) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION,
OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED
INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (C) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF
YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, DATA, OR HOME PAGE; (D) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD
PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (E) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE OR ANY
THIRD PARTY RESOURCES, THIRD PARTY MATERIALS, OR THIRD PARTY BUSINESSES. THE
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH ARE A MATERIAL PART OF
OUR AGREEMENT TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE TO YOU.
Exclusions to Limitations:
SOME JURISDICTIONS DON'T ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR
LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.
General Provisions:
This TERMS OF USE constitutes the entire agreement between you and PledgePage
and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements, if any,
between you and PledgePage, including, without limitation, any prior versions
of this TERMS OF USE. You also may be subject to additional terms and
conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other PledgePage services,
third-party content, or third-party software. This TERMS OF USE and the
relationship between you and PledgePage shall be governed by the laws of the
State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You
agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and
state courts located within the County of Los Angeles, State of California.
The failure of PledgePage to exercise or enforce any right or provision of
this TERMS OF USE shall not constitute a waiver or relinquishment of such
right or provision, or any other right or provision. If any provision of
this TERMS OF USE is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
you agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to your and our
intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of this
TERMS OF USE will remain in full force and effect. You agree that, regardless
of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action that you
may have arising out of or related to use of the Service or this TERMS OF USE
must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or
be forever barred.
Privacy Policy
PledgePage has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information and your
contacts' and donors' information. As part of the normal operation of services,
we collect and, will in some instances, disclose information about you. To
better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information
practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is
collected and used.
PledgePage markets its services to non-profits and other fundraising entities.
Each nonprofit (NPO) or fundraising entity (FE) may have a privacy policy that
differs from PledgePage's. Please refer to the nonprofit organization or
fundraising entity for its own privacy policy. PledgePage is not responsible
for any uses of page builder or donor information by the nonprofit organization
or fundraising entity.
Information PledgePage collects from users:
Registrant's Contact Information
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information
(like your name and email address), unique identifiers (like your password),
and demographic information (like your zip code) for you to get access to our
site.
Certain information, such as passwords and e-mail addresses, is collected in
order to, among other things, verify your identity and for use as account
numbers in our record system.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your use of our site. Cookies are
stored on your computer, and are not stored on the PledgePage.com site
anywhere. We use cookies to recognize you when you visit our site.
Our Use of Your Information
Your contact information is used by PledgePage to contact you when
necessary regarding your use of PledgePage services.
Non-Profit's or Fundraising Entity's Use of Your Information
Because you might be participating in a fundraising event for a non-profit
with which PledgePage has a relationship, PledgePage will disclose and make
fully available all registration information to the non-profit (NPO) on behalf
of which you are fundraising.
Other Disclosure of Your Information
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us
online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy and
Terms of Use without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such unrelated uses. In the future, we may offer you the option to
receive information from PledgePage partners.
PledgePage.com will never willfully sell or rent for consideration any
personally identifiable information about you to any third party without
first receiving your permission.
PledgePage.com cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable
information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy
Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable
information to the government or by court order under certain circumstances,
or other situations may arise requiring such disclosure. In addition, you
authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or
other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary
or appropriate.
This site contains links to other sites. PledgePage.com is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
REGISTRANT'S CONTACT INFORMATION/ADDRESS BOOK:
Contact Information
To better manage your fundraising activities, you are likely to enter or
import contact information into our databases for management on your site.
This information is not and will never be made publicly available by
PledgePage
for viewing on your site. Instead it is only visible from the
administration section of your page, of which only you and PledgePage can
view.
Our Use of This Information
We never use or share the personally identifiable information about your
contacts provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in
this Privacy Policy and Member Agreement without also providing your contacts
an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. In the
future, we may offer them the option to receive information from PledgePage
and its partners.
PledgePage.com will never willfully sell or rent for consideration any
personally identifiable information about your contacts to any third party
without first receiving the permission of your contacts.
NPO's or FE's Use of This Information
Because you might be participating in a fundraising event for a non-profit
with which PledgePage has a relationship, PledgePage will provide aggregated
infromation you enter to the non-profit (NPO) or fundraising entity (FE) on
behalf of which you are fundraising. We will not, however, provide all the
detailed information on your contacts to the NPO without first providing your
contacts an opportunity to opt-out.
Thanking Contributors on the Site
With the PledgePage tool set, you have the option of thanking your
contributors by placing their names on your site. Because the site is
publicly accessible, this information could be accessed by other people.
For that reason, PledgePage suggests you proceed with caution when thanking
donors on your site. Neither PledgePage nor the charity receiving the
donation is responsible for the use of any information regarding your
contributors that you make publicly available on your site.
DONOR INFORMATION:
Credit Card Information
When a donor uses PledgePage-enabled services to make an online donation,
the credit card billing information, including the name on the donor's card,
billing address, and expiration date, is used to process the donation. An
Email address is entered so the non-profit can send the donor an Email
receipt of the donation. All this information is encrypted using SSL,
industry standard secure technology. This encryption is designed to prevent
theft or interception of the information.
Donating online through PledgePage will not open your credit card information
to dissemination. PledgePage will not disclose, sell, trade, rent, or
otherwise reveal donors' credit card information to third parties, including
advertisers or marketers, without first receiving the donors' consent. This
information is only used to process the donation.
Our Use of This Information
We never use or share the personally identifiable information about donors
provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use without also providing the donor an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. In the
future, we may offer them the option to receive information from PledgePage
and its partners.
PledgePage.com will never willfully sell or rent for consideration any
personally identifiable information about you to any third party without
first receiving your permission.
NPO's or FE's Use of This Information
Each nonprofit may have a privacy policy that differs from PledgePage's.
Please refer to the nonprofit organization for its own privacy policy.
PledgePage is not responsible for any uses of donor information by the
nonprofit organization.
Other Donor Information
As for the donor's other personally identifiable information, PledgePage
may disclose aggregate use statistics (for example, 50% of our users are
male) in order to describe our services to prospective partners, investors,
and otherwise relevant third parties. Such disclosed information will not
include any personal information about individual donors. Other than this
statistical use, PledgePage will not disclose, sell, trade, rent, or
otherwise reveal personal information about individual donors to third
parties without first receiving the donor's consent.
Non-Profit or Fundraising Entity Privacy Policies
Each nonprofit (NPO) or fundraising entity (FE) may have a privacy policy
that differs from PledgePage's. Please refer to the nonprofit organization
or fundraising entity for its own privacy policy. PledgePage is not
responsible for any uses of page builder or donor information by the
nonprofit organization or fundraising entity.
Security
In order to maximize protection of your information, PledgePage uses state
of the art technology to protect your data from use, misuse or alteration
by unauthorized third parties. Currently PledgePage uses Secure Socket Layer
Software (SSL) to protect your data and secure your transactions. SSL
encrypts all your personal information, including your credit card number,
name and address as it is transmitted over the Internet. Of course, no data
transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and
PledgePage does not warrant that your information will be absolutely secure.
Any transmission of data on or through the use of the PledgePage site is
at your own risk.
Copyright © 2001-2006 CharityFocus