http://www.isbd.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 29, 2018
International Society for Bipolar Disorders (“we” or “us”) has created this Privacy Policy to describe our practices in connection with the information that we collect through our website at www.isbd.org (the “website”), our social media pages (collectively, our “social media pages”), HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy (the “email messages”) (collectively, including the websites, our social media pages and the email messages, the “services”) or when you make online or offline donations.  By providing Personal Information to us, you agree to the Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We May Collect
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person, including:
Name
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Social media account ID
Please note that we may use a third-party payment service to process donations and other payments made through the Services.  If you wish to make a payment through the Services, your Personal Information may be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to provide that information to us for our use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To complete and fulfill your transaction, for example, to process your membership, donations, or other payments, have your order delivered to you, communicate with you regarding your donation or order and provide you with related services.
To send you promotional or fundraising communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our campaigns and operating and expanding our outreach activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May be Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our third-party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, credit card processing, auditing and other similar services.
By you, on blogs and other services to which you can post information and materials (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages).  Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information and may be available to users of the Services and to the general public.  We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your Personal Information, or any other information, on the Services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Please note that we will never sell your personal information to other organizations or send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations, except as may be necessary to transfer personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
Other Information
Other Information We May Collect
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as:
Browser and device information
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other information provided by you
Aggregated information
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third-party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services you are using.   We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data.  We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, and to display information more effectively.  We can recognize your computer to assist your use of the Services.  We also gather statistical information about the usage of the Services to continually improve the design and functionality, understand how the Services are used, and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Services.  If you do not want information collected using cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers to allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.  You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
Analytics: Third-party services, such as Google Analytics, may be used in connection with the Services.  Such third-party services, including Google Analytics, may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about services used and to report on activities and trends.  Such services may also collect information regarding Google Analytics.  You may go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ to download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some Services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our promotional campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rate.
IP Address: Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.  Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services.
Demographic data:  We may collect demographic data about our users, such as geographical location.
By aggregating information: We may use Personal Information to generate aggregated data that does not personally identify any other user of the Service, (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable laws, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your geographical location).  If we combine any Other Information with Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link.  The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Google, or any other social media platform provider, including any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our Social Media Pages.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.  When Personal Information is submitted on our website*, this information is protected both online and offline.  Whenever we collect Personal Information (such as credit card data) transmitted online, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of our Web page.  Personal Information also is protected offline by granting access only to employees who need the information to perform a specific job.  We also seek to use third-party service providers capable of protecting the information they maintain or process for us.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
If you no longer want to receive fundraising or promotional emails or mailed communications from us on a going -forward basis, you may opt-out of receiving these fundraising or promotional-related emails or mailed communications by using the unsubscribe feature contained in each of these emails.  We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  Please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving fundraising or promotional emails or mailed communications from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
If you would like to update Personal Information that you have provided to us, you may contact us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Services.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.  Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of our country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services.  Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at chadd@isbd.org or please write to the following address:
2630 Monroeville Blvd #396
Monroeville, PA 15146
Unites States of America
*Please note that email communications are not always secure; so please do not include credit card information or sensitive information in your emails to us.
×
Subscribe
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Close
Subscribe
×
Unsubscribe
You have been unsubscribed.
Close
This is membership content
Are you an isbd member?
Login
Not a member? Join today to view all member content.
Become a Member