http://www.urologyhealth.org/urologic-conditions/what-is-urology
AUA Summit - What is Urology?
Urology A-Z
What is Urology?
In This Section
Urologic Conditions
All Conditions
All Procedures
Condition Search
What is Urology?
Allied Health Professionals
Urology 101 Video
Urology 101 Video - Spanish version
Pediatric Urology
Pediatric Urology - Transitioning from Pediatric to Adult Care
How Does Your Urinary Tract Work? Video
The Urinary Tract System
Urologic Condition Videos
What is Urology?
Urology is a part of health care that deals with diseases of the male and female urinary tract (kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra). It also deals with the male organs that are able to make babies (penis, testes, scrotum, prostate, etc.). Since health problems in these body parts can happen to everyone, urologic health is important.
Urology is known as a surgical specialty. Besides surgery, a urologist is a doctor with wisdom of internal medicine, pediatrics, gynecology and other parts of health care. This is because a urologist encounters a wide range of clinical problems. The scope of urology is big and the American Urological Association has named seven subspecialty parts:
Pediatric Urology (children's urology)
Urologic Oncology (urologic cancers)
Renal (kidney) Transplant
Male Infertility
Calculi (urinary tract stones)
Female Urology
Neurourology (nervous system control of genitourinary organs)
Who takes care of urology patients?
If you have a problem with urologic health you might see a urologist. You might also see a person on the
urologist's care team.
Explore Further
Bladder Health Month Info Center
November is Bladder Health Month! Check out the Info Center for patient education, videos and podcasts.
Why a Clinical Trial Might Be Right for You
Learn how a clinical trial may be a good option for you with this informative video.
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to enable you to more easily use our website, to monitor and analyze the use of our site to help improve our website and services, and to assist us with advertising reporting functions.
By checking the “I Agree” box, you consent to our use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy.
I Agree You can learn more about our Cookie Policy here