http://www.genetic.org/privacy/
Skip to contentPrivacyHome/PrivacyPrivacytyler2020-07-10T14:45:59-04:00AXYS is committed to protecting your privacy and using technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the AXYS website and governs data collection and usage. By using the AXYS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationAXYS collects personally identifiable information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number.AXYS also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by AXYS. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by AXYS for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AXYS website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through AXYS public social media groups, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: AXYS does not read any of your private online communications.AXYS encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to visit by clicking a link from the AXYS website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. AXYS is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the AXYS website.Use of your Personal InformationAXYS collects and uses your personal information to operate the AXYS website and deliver the services you have requested. AXYS also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from AXYS and its affiliates. AXYS may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.AXYS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. AXYS may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, AXYS may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to AXYS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.AXYS does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.AXYS keeps track of the websites and pages our customers visit within AXYS, in order to determine what AXYS services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within AXYS to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.AXYS websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AXYS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AXYS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AXYS, or the public.Use of CookiesThe AXYS website use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize AXYS pages, or register with AXYS site or services, a cookie helps AXYS to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same AXYS website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the AXYS features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the AXYS services or websites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationAXYS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. AXYS secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementAXYS will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. AXYS encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AXYS is protecting your information.Contact InformationAXYS welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that AXYS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact AXYS at info@genetic.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Go to Top