https://www.eurordis.org/content/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
EURORDIS TV
Contact Us
The Voice of
Rare Disease
Patients in Europe
Donate
About EURORDISWho we are
What we do
International activities
Membership
Library
Our funding
Donate
Contact us
Job openings
About Rare DiseasesWhat is a rare disease?
Find information or help
A public health priority
Undiagnosed rare diseases
Rare Disease PolicyEU Rare Disease Policy
National Rare Disease Policy
International
Policy Fact Sheets
Decide
Rare Barometer Programme
Orphan Drugs & TreatmentsWhat is an orphan drug?
Improve the safety of your medicines
Compassionate Use
Role of EURORDIS
Patient advocates involvement
Access to orphan drugs
Health technology assessment
EURORDIS Round Table of Companies (ERTC)
List of the latest marketing authorisations and orphan medicinal products designations
Living with a Rare Disease
Services & TrainingsEURORDIS Open Academy
Specialised Social Services
RareConnect
Help line services
EURORDIS Community Advisory Board (CAB) Programme
Get involvedIndividuals
Patient groups
Companies
News & EventsEURORDIS Events
Members’ news and announcements
International rare disease events
Rare diseases in the arts
EURORDIS webinars
EURORDIS press releases
eNews
Home
Languages
EN
FR
DE
ES
IT
PT
RU
Cookie Policy
The Website is operated by European Organisation for Rare Diseases, a non-governmental organisation, with its registered office at Plateforme Maladies Rares, rue Didot 96, 75014 Paris and registered in France  under the company number 413 459 066 000 36 ("Eurordis", "We", "Us" or "Our").
The present Cookie Policy applies to the website www.eurordis.org ("Website") and explains which cookies are used by Us on the Website. By visiting and using the Website, you expressly agree to the use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy. If you do not agree to this Cookie Policy, please leave the Website immediately.
We use cookies in the context of Our privacy protection and personal data processing policy. Please consult the Privacy Policy for more information about this policy and an overview of your rights in this regard.
You will find a description of the conditions for your use of the Website in the Conditions of Use.
1. What are cookies
Cookies are small data files that a website server permanently or temporarily stores on your computer through your browser. Cookies contain a unique code that allows Us to recognise your browser during your visit (a so-called "session" cookie) or when you visit or use the Website at a later time (a so-called "permanent" cookie).
Cookies allow Us to simplify, complete and personalize the use of the Website.
2. Use of cookies
The Website use cookies to distinguish you from other Users of the Website. Cookies are used to ensure that We give you the best experience on the Website and allow Us to improve the Website. The Website uses the following types of cookies:
2.1. Necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the operation of the Website and enable you to move around the Website and use its features. They allow you, for instance, to navigate between different sections of the Website or to complete forms. When you want to use your user name to log in to the Website, cookies are also necessary for secure validation of your identity before you are granted access to your data, and to prevent other users from accessing your data. If you refuse these cookies, certain parts of the Website will not work or will not work correctly.
2.2. Functional cookies
Functional cookies facilitate and enhance navigation on the Website and enable Us to provide a more personalized user experience. They include cookies that save your language preferences, as well as cookies that remember if you have already downloaded certain documents, so you do not receive the same document every time.
2.3. Performance cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the Website, such as information about page visits or the number of error messages displayed, in order to analyze and optimize the use of the website.
In this regard, cookies to support the use of Google Analytics and Facebook’s Social Plugin have been installed. For an overview of Google and Facebook’s respective privacy policies, we refer to the website of Google
and Facebook .
3. Managing cookies
You can use your browser settings to refuse the installation of cookies. You can also delete installed cookies from your computer or mobile devices at any time.
Once you have given Us your consent to the use of cookies, We will store a cookie on your computer or device to remember this for the next time. If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you will need to delete your cookies using your internet browser settings.
More information on the use of cookies can be found on the website www.allaboutcookies.org or you may always contact Us at Eurordis, Rue Didot 96, 75014 Paris, France or eurordis@eurordis.org .
4. Changes
We reserve the right to amend the present Cookie Policy at any time. You are responsible for reading the applicable Cookie Policy on a regular basis and for complying with the latest version.
This Cookie Policy was last modified and revised on 4 November 2015.
Page created: 04/11/2015Page last updated: 04/11/2015
Search for:
Social Media
Tweets by @eurordis
News
Find out the latest news from the rare disease community!
Language
English
French
German
Spanish
Italian
Portuguese
Russian
Subscribe
EURORDIS.org at a glance
About EURORDIS
About Rare Diseases
Rare Disease Policy
Orphan Drugs & Treatments
Living with a Rare Disease
Services & Trainings
Get involved
News & Events
EURORDIS TV
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyConditions of useAbout this websiteEditorial Board
We comply with the HONcode standard for health trustworthy information
We are grateful for the financial support of the EURORDIS website by:
This website received funding under an operating grant from the European Union’s Health Programme (2014-2020)
The voice of rare disease patients in Europe
The international voice of people living with rare diseases
Bringing together patients, families and experts to share experiences in a moderated multi-language forum.
The Rare Barometer Programme is a EURORDIS initiative that carries out surveys to transform rare disease patients' experiences into figures and facts that can be shared with decision-makers.
An international awareness raising campaign taking place on the last day of February each year, Rare Disease Day is a EURORDIS initiative
Join the largest gathering of rare disease stakeholders across Europe, at the biennial European Conference on Rare Diseases and Orphan Products. ECRD is a EURORDIS initiative