https://www.ata.org/legal-and-privacy-information
Legal and Privacy Information The American Tinnitus Association respects your privacy and does not share your contact or personal information with any other organization or company.
American Tinnitus Association Privacy Policy
American Tinnitus Association (ATA) cares about your privacy. ATA will limit the amount of Personal Information it asks of you to what is necessary for the purposes provided herein and will treat such Personal Information according to this policy. This Privacy Policy outlines the type of Personal Information that is collected by ATA from consumers and how we use and protect it. This Privacy Policy also tells you what to do if you do not want ATA to use your Personal Information to market its services and products to you, and how you can change information you have already provided to us. This Privacy Policy applies to the ATA website and to ATA’s collection of data through printed promotional materials and telephone calls to ATA.
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By providing Personal Information to ATA, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted here. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any Personal Information. If you choose not to provide Personal Information, you may not be able to do certain things through the ATA website, including without limitation access particular features of the ATA website, purchase products through the ATA website, and email ATA.
Information Collected Through Your Use of the ATA Website
ATA is the sole owner of the Personal Information captured on the ATA website. This information is not and will not be shared with any other parties, unless otherwise provided herein.
Your Personal Information
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means personally-identifiable information such as your name, address, phone number, email address, and credit card information. In order to participate in the services provided by ATA, you will be asked to provide Personal Information. You are never under any obligation to provide such information. When you do provide us with Personal Information, you are authorizing us to use that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, which includes your right to limit our use of your Personal Information (see the Contact Us section below).
Anonymous Information We Receive From Your Usage of the ATA Website
We collect some information about you from your use of the ATA website (hereinafter referred to as “Anonymous Information”). Our web servers may automatically collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet and the Internet protocol address of your computer. Additionally, we may collect information about the browser software you use, the type of operating system your computer uses, the date and time you access the ATA website, a list of which pages on the ATA website you visit, and the Internet address of the website you used to link to the ATA website. To help make the ATA website more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we may also use a standard feature found in browser software, called a “cookie,” to assign each visitor a unique, random number, a sort of anonymous user ID that resides in your computer. The cookie does not identify the Personal Information of the visitor; rather, it identifies the computer that a visitor uses to access the ATA website. A cookie cannot read data off of your hard drive. We do not link cookie data with Personal Information. The cookie may store user preferences, information about your browser and other identifying information. You can disable a cookie at any time by changing the preferences in your browser.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information
When you supply us with your Personal Information, we will use it for the express purpose stated when we ask for such Personal Information (e.g., to charge your credit card for ordering a product or to respond to any requests you may have about your account or a transaction). We may also use your Personal Information to contact you regarding your account or to provide information about other products or services that may be of interest to you (including those we may offer jointly with other companies). At any time, however, you may opt out or unsubscribe of such contact (see the Contact Us section below). We respect your privacy and your right to limit the ways in which we contact you.
Anonymous Information
We collect Anonymous Information in an effort to ensure that our web pages will appear and function appropriately on your computer, to help us improve our services and the ATA website, and so we may determine which site referred you to the ATA website.
Personal Information and Anonymous Information
At times, we may retain third parties to analyze data we collect, including Personal Information and Anonymous Information, solely to help us improve our services and the ATA website. In addition, if you order a product or service from us, we may provide Personal Information to suppliers and other third parties to enable delivery of such product or service. These third parties are not authorized to use your Personal Information in any other way and are required to keep the information confidential. ATA does not sell or license Personal Information or Anonymous Information. Please note that we will release your Personal Information or Anonymous Information if required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order.
Security of Information
The security of your Personal Information is very important to us and we are committed to protecting the Personal Information we collect. We have reasonable security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, alteration, or unauthorized access of Personal Information we have collected from you. This includes the use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for processing contributions securely. All Personal Information is subject to restricted access to prevent loss, misuses, alteration, or unauthorized access.
Retention and Storage
We will retain your Personal Information in our databases in accordance with our document management and retention policy and applicable laws. This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us, but it will be only as long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to prevent fraudulent activity, protect ourselves against liability, permit us to pursue available remedies, or limit any damages that we may sustain. Also, we may retain your Personal Information beyond the end of your relationship with us if we believe in good faith that a law, regulation, rule, or guideline requires it.
Links
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the ATA website. The ATA website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by ATA. ATA is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. These websites may have their own policies regarding privacy and security. We advise you to review any linked websites for their own privacy practices.
Legal Disclaimer
We cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will never be compromised. No Internet transmission is ever 100% secure. Further, while we employ reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat those measures or use non-public Personal Information for improper purposes. Nevertheless, we value your business and have adopted this Privacy Policy and undertaken the described security measures as an endeavor to respect your privacy and to keep your Personal Information confidential. ATA reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information without your consent and without notice to you as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on ATA. The legal process may require us to disclose or allow access to Personal Information, such as your account, billing, payment, and communications sent to ATA. We may also use or disclose your Personal Information without your consent (a) to protect our other customers, employees, or property; (b) in emergency situations; (c) to enforce our rights in court or elsewhere, or directly with you, for violations of service terms, conditions, or policies, and/or (d) as otherwise required by law.
Modifications to Privacy Policy
ATA reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice to you, to change or remove this Privacy Policy at its discretion. We will post any new policy here, and we encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post the revised Privacy Policy to the ATA website, as well as to existing information held by us.
Contact Us
If you want to remove your name from the ATA mailing list, please contact ATA through any of the means listed below and provide your full name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and your request for suppression of your Personal Information in our files. To review or correct your Personal Information with ATA, please contact ATA through any of the means listed below and provide your full name, mailing address, phone number, and email address along with your request for review or correction. Contact ATA through any of the means listed below if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, or to report any violations of the Privacy Policy. Please know that we may not be able to honor your request to change or delete your Personal Information if we are legally obligated to retain that information or for other reasons, as set forth in our Retention and Storage policy set forth above.
Contact Information
American Tinnitus Association
P.O. Box 424049
Washington, DC  20042-4049
tinnitus@ata.org
(800) 634-8978
Patient Stories
There are as many experiences of tinnitus as there are people. Learn about the various ways people manage their condition and take back their lives.Patient Stories
Tinnitus Research
ATA is one of the only organizations worldwide funding tinnitus research. Learn about ATA's innovative Roadmap to a Cure, and recently-funded studies.Research Toward a Cure
Treatment Options
You have choices when it comes to tinnitus treatment. Learn about your options, including general wellness, sound therapy, behavioral therapies and more.Treatment Options
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are used to improve the functionality and use of our internet site, as well as for analysis site usage and marketing purposes. To see our privacy policy click here. By continuing to use this site without changing your settings you consent to our use of cookies.
Continue