https://www.eadv.org/privacy
×
More
COURSES
RESIDENT COURSES
SPECIALIST COURSES
Test 1 LEVEL 2
PPRC
SCHOLARSHIP AND GRANTS
RESEARCH FELLOWSHIP
×
COVID-19
COVID-19
EADV COMMUNICATIONS ON COVID-19
JEADV ARTICLES
EADV TASK FORCE RECOMMENDATIONS
FURTHER READING
ABOUT EADV
History of EADV
Leadership and committees
Nominations and Elections
Statutes
Annual Report 2019
Task forces
International initiatives
Awareness campaigns
Sister societies
CALENDAR
EADV Calendar
Key Congresses and Events
EADV Team
Job opportunities
EVENTS
EVENTS
29th Congress EADV Virtual
CONGRESSES
SYMPOSIA
SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION
SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION
CME-CPD
SPEAKER AND CHAIR
MEMBERSHIP
Membership
BECOME A MEMBER
MEMBERSHIP RENEWAL
MY EADV
EDUCATION
EDUCATION
COURSES
COURSES
RESIDENT COURSES
SPECIALIST COURSES
HOW TO APPLY
HOW TO ORGANIZE A COURSE
E-LEARNING
MASTERCLASS
MOHS FELLOWSHIP
PUBLICATIONS
PUBLICATIONS
JEADV
EADV NEWS
MEDICAL JOURNALS
MEDICAL BOOKS
CLINICAL GUIDELINES
Patient Leaflets
FUNDING
FUNDING
PROJECT PROPOSAL
RESEARCH FELLOWSHIP
SCHOLARSHIPS AND GRANTS
PATIENT CORNER
Patient Corner
Patient Leaflets
Patient organisations
Find a specialist
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
2. What kind of information do we collect?
3. How we collect information
4. Use of your information
5. Disclosure in “Register my practice”, “Membership directory” and “Event app - messages”
6. Disclosure of sharing your information
7. Cross borders transfers
8. Security
9. Cookies
10. Links to third party websites
11. Your rights
12. Data retention, account deactivation and deletion
13. What is our legal basis for processing the data?
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
15. Recourse
1. Introduction
The European Academy of Dermatology and Venerology (collectively, “EADV”, “we”, “us” or “our”) takes very seriously and respects the importance of protecting personal information collected from Members and other users of services. By submitting information to EADV you consent to practices described in this policy, which aim to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you are less than 18 years of age, then you must first seek the consent of your parent or guardian prior to submitting any personal information.
This document describes how EADV collects and uses the personal information you provide to us. It will also describe the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information as well as how you can access, update and delete this information.
2. What kind of information do we collect?
To follow the objectives of the EADV, to provide our benefits and offerings to EADV Members and to the rest of our users we must process personal information. The type of information we collect depends on how you use EADV benefits and offerings.
Actions you and other do and provide:
a)	Information and content you provide: We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use EADV benefits and offerings, including when you sign up or apply for a membership or profile on one of our digital services and create and share content, and message or communicate with EADV or others. This can include: personally identifiable information, such as name, second name and surname, physical and email address, address of your practice or educational training, educational and professional interests, username and passwords, birthday and gender, phone number, photography, history of activity within EADV Congresses, Symposia, benefits and offerings, information included in submitted documents (such as CV´s, diplomas, letters, publications), history of payments, as well as information about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the date the data was created or physical, IP or email address from which it was delivered from;
b)	Usage: We collect information about how you use EADV benefits and offerings, such as the actions you take and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For example, we record the history of the participation at: EADV Congresses and Symposia, EADV Events App, Scholarship and Grants, CME-CPD, scientific programme, Courses, membership payments, payments for offerings as well as information collected by website cookies on our websites and digital services as well as our partners and suppliers;
c)	Information about online transactions: If you make online transactions (such us when you pay your membership fee, purchase participation at EADV Congress or Symposium, at EADV Courses or for temporary access on Learning Centre) the information about the purchase or transaction is collected and stored by the provider of the service of online transactions which is selected by the EADV. We collect information about the amount of payment, time, and personal information of the payer.
3. How we collect information
EADV may collect personal information from you in the following ways:
a)	From your written or verbal input (such us online forms with input fields and checkboxes, letters and email correspondences, phone calls, phone messages, voice messages, documents delivered in paper and digital versions on various carriers or means of transfer and photography);
b)	Automatically through digital technologies including tracking online, such as by website cookies, by smart devices or by combining data sets, by collecting data from a browser or device, or by using algorithms and statistics to analyze the variety of data such as records of behavior, usage, location, technology or payments;
c)	Information from partners. EADV might use applications and services developed and held by our suppliers to collect your personal data, contact detail to your workplace, name of the place you work, areas of your vocational activity and interest, statistical information about your work, purchases you make or about how you use their services including your settings and preferences. They might share that information only with EADV and process that information only by our permission and on our behalf. Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with. We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us. If the ownership or control of all or part of EADV benefits and offerings or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
4. Use of your information
a. Academy
EADV may use your personal information in the performance of any contract and agreement we enter into with you, to comply with legal obligations or where EADV has a legitimate interest in using your information to enhance or fulfill the EADV membership, benefits and offerings.
We may use your information in the following way (after obtaining your consent, if required):
To provide you with information about the status, obligations or benefits and offerings regarding your EADV membership;
To administer all of EADV benefits and offerings, especially EADV membership, EADV Courses, Project Proposal, Research Fellowship, CME-CPD, scientific programme, Grants and Scholarships, Congresses and Symposia and for internal operations, notifications and reminders, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes;
To provide you with information about events, services and organization of EADV Congresses and Symposia;
To allow you to participate in EADV benefits and offerings, including EADV Courses, Project Proposal, Research Fellowship, CME-CPD, scientific programme, Grants and Scholarships, Congresses and Symposia);
To send you documents, publications, certificates, diplomas and other materials;
To provide you with information about changes or updates to EADV statuses, membership, benefits and offerings or our digital services;
To inform you about similar or entirely new EADV benefits and offerings;
To help enhance, evaluate, develop, and create EADV websites;
For any other purpose that we may inform you from time to time.
b. Communicate with you
We use the information about you to send you communications about the activity of the Academy, services that we offer, information regarding your membership and online account, and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
c. Research and academics
EADV might provide information and content to partners or academics. This is in order to improve the functionality and experience of EADV benefits and offerings as well as to support our mission and vision which is implemented through EADV benefits and offerings.
d. Legal requests
Information we receive about you (including financial transaction) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigation of possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
5. Disclosure in “Register my practice”, “Membership directory” and “Event app - messages”
When you share and communicate using sections on our website eadv.org such as “Register Practice”, “Membership directory” you choose that the data share is visible to all the users who has access to the website and therefore it becomes public and it can be collected, disclosed, seen, accessed, reshared or copied by others.
When you share and communicate using our “Event app – messages” you choose the recipient of the message, such as participant of the EADV Congress or Symposium who is also a user of the same app.
6. Disclosure of sharing your information
We share information both internally within EADV and externally with our suppliers in accordance with this policy. Information controlled by EADV is stored and processed only inside the EU or in countries or organizations recognized by EU Commission as providing equivalent protection to GDPR.
These transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in the EADV Status, EADV Website Terms and Conditions and to operate and provide EADV benefits and offerings to you.
We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests, if we have a good-faith belief that the law requires us to do so. We can also respond to legal requests when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law, affects users, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.
7. Cross borders transfers
We share information both internally within EADV offices and externally with our suppliers and partners. Information controlled by EADV will be stored in EU for the purposes as described in this policy. In case of international transfers, which are necessary to provide the services set forth in EADV terms and conditions and to operate and provide EADV benefits and offerings, we utilize standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission and rely on the European Commission´s adequacy about certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers from the EEA to the United States and other countries.
8. Security
EADV applies various physical, technical and administrative safeguards in order to keep the collected data safe and protected. All personal information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorized access, modification or misuse. EADV does not share the data to people, partners and suppliers who are not directly involved in the data processing. Access to your personal data is restricted only to those who need it in order to perform their job function.
9. Cookies
Website cookies are small text files created by websites and other digital services, that are stored on your computer or digital device.
We connect information from and about computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use to integrate with our digital services. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, operating system, Internet Service Provider, referring and exit pages, the files viewed on our websites, operating system, movements around the website, date and time, geographic and demographic information.
Cookies do not carry any personally identifiable information and represent your use of our digital services to analyze trends, better administer the website and improve your user experience on digital services that belong to EADV. They help with recognizing you on your next visit or while creating a profile or submitting an online form. Our partners and suppliers might use the same cookies or similar technologies for the same reasons.
Your browser should allow you to control and stop cookies usage, but keep in mind that disabling cookies might limit or change the usage of our digital services.
10. Links to third party websites
EADV websites and digital services might provide links to third-parties websites, which do not belong to our partners or suppliers, and with the content end methods of collecting data about their users which are independent from us. In case of using these links, be aware that this kind of third-party websites are not a subject to this privacy policy and EADV does not take responsibility for their privacy policy and methods of collecting and processing personal data.
11. Your rights
Under GDPR you have the right to access, rectify, transport and erase your data.
You can modify data directly on the online profile (by checking certain boxes or changing text in input fields) of our digital services. You can also use your right to contact us any time with a written request regarding any action of information concerning your personal information (by email to membership@eadv.org), such as:
Providing you details of your personal information with the purpose for processing;
Rectify the errors;
Delete your personal information;
Transferring your personal information to a third party.
12. Data retention, account deactivation and deletion
We store your data as long as it is required by legal and governmental institutions and until it is no longer necessary to provide our services or until your membership is deleted – whichever comes first. This is a case-by-case determination that depends on things like why it is collected and processed, operational needs described in EADV statuses.
We keep copies of ID or passport only for the purpose and time necessary to verify your personal information submitted during application process and it is being kept no longer than 30 days (starting from receiving the document). After the deletion you will not be able to recover that information.
When you ask for erasing your data, we delete information and documents you provided (including photos related to your profile, copies of documents) and you will not be able to recover that information later. Information that others have about you (“Register my practice”) is not part of your account and will not be deleted. If you do not want to delete your account but want to temporarily stop using the EADV benefits and offerings, you can deactivate your membership. To get full information about your personal data which you shared with EADV, please contact us at any time by writing to membership@eadv.org.
13. What is our legal basis for processing the data?
We collect, use and share the data that we have in the ways described above:
as necessary to fulfill our EADV Terms of Use;
consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time by contacting membership@eadv.org;
as necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
to protect our vital interests, or those of others;
as necessary in the public interest.
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
EADV reserves itself the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. We will notify you before we make changes to this policy and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our services.
15. Recourse
If you have questions about this policy, comments or complaints, you can contact at any time by writing to membership@eadv.org.
You also have right to lodge a compliant with EADV lead supervisory authority, the Belgian Data Protection Commissioner, or your local supervisory authority.
Date of last revision: May 18th, 2018
Edit static section
Title
Body
Link
Close
Save