http://www.crosstimbershospice.org/privacy-policy
Search
About
About Us
Our Team
Why the Name
Services
Hospice Services
What is Hospice
Bereavement
Referral
Events
Funding
Help
Contact
Donate
Volunteer
Making the journey less lonely...
South Central Oklahoma's only non-profit hospice, serving our community since 1981.
Notice of Hospice Privacy Practices
NOTE TO PATIENTS: THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN OBTAIN ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT
CAREFULLY .
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF HEALTH INFORMATION
Cross Timbers Hospice (Hospice) may use your health information (information that constitutes "protected health information" as defined in the Privacy Rule of the Administrative
Simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996) (HIPAA), for purposes of providing you treatment and conducting health care operations. The
Hospice has established policies to guard against unnecessary disclosure of your health information.
THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH AND PURPOSES FOR WHICH YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED
To Provide Treatment. The Hospice may use your health information to coordinate care within the Hospice and with others involved in your care, such as your
attending physician, members of the Hospice interdisciplinary team and other health care professionals who have agreed to assist the Hospice in coordinating care. For example,
physicians involved in your care will need information about your symptoms in order to prescribe appropriate medications. The Hospice may also disclose your health care information to
individuals outside of the Hospice involved in your care including family members, clergy who you have designated, pharmacists, suppliers of medical equipment or other health care
professionals.
To Obtain Payment From Third Parties. The Hospice may include your health information in invoices to collect payment from third parties for the care you receive
from the Hospice. For example, the Hospice may be required by your health insurer to provide information regarding your health care status so that the insurer will reimburse you or
the Hospice. The Hospice may also need to obtain prior approval from your insurer and may need to explain to the insurer your need for hospice care and the services that will be
provided to you.
To Conduct Health Care Operations. The Hospice may use and disclose health information for its own operations in order to facilitate the function of the Hospice
and as necessary to provide quality care to all of the Hospice's patients. Health care operations includes such activities as:
Quality assessment and improvement activities
Activities designed to improve health or reduce health care costs
Protocol development, case management and care coordination
Contacting health care providers and patients with information about treatment alternatives and other related functions that do not include treatment
Professional review and performance evaluation
Training programs including those in which students, trainees or practitioners in health care learn under supervision
Training of non-health care professionals
Accreditation, certification, licensing or credentialing activities
Review and auditing, including compliance reviews, medical reviews, legal services and compliance programs
Business planning and development including cost management and planning related analyses and formulary development
Business management and general administrative activities of the Hospice
For example, the Hospice may use your health information to evaluate its staff performance, combine your health information with other Hospice patients in statistical
form to evaluate how to more effectively serve all Hospice patients, disclose your health information to Hospice staff and contracted personnel for training purposes,
use your health information to contact you as a reminder regarding a visit to you, or contact you as part of community information mailings (unless you tell us you do
not want to be contacted).
For Appointment Reminders. The Hospice may use and disclose your health information to contact you to set an appointment for a home care visit,
or as a reminder that you have such an appointment.
For Treatment Alternatives. The Hospice may use and disclose your health information to tell you about or recommend possible treatment options or
alternatives that may be of interest to you.
THE FOLLOWING IS A SUMMARY OF THE CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH AND PURPOSES FOR WHICH YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION MAY ALSO BE USED AND DISCLOSED
To Report Abuse, Neglect Or Domestic Violence. The Hospice is allowed to notify government authorities if the Hospice believes a patient is the victim of abuse,
neglect or domestic violence. The Hospice will make this disclosure only when specifically required or authorized by law or when the patient agrees to the disclosure.
To Conduct Health Oversight Activities. The Hospice may disclose your health information to a health oversight authority for activities including audits, civil
administrative or criminal investigations, inspections, licensure or disciplinary action. The Hospice, however, may not disclose your health information if you are the subject of an
investigation and your health information is not directly related to your receipt of health care or public benefits.
In Connection With Judicial And Administrative Proceedings. The Hospice may disclose your health information in the course of any judicial or administrative
proceeding in response to an order of a court or administrative tribunal as expressly authorized by such order or in response to a court order or other lawful process, but only when
the Hospice makes reasonable efforts to either notify you about the request or to obtain an order protecting your health information.
For Law Enforcement Purposes. As permitted or required by State law, the Hospice may disclose your health information to a law enforcement official for certain
law enforcement purposes as follows:
As required by law for reporting certain types of wounds or other physical injuries pursuant to the court order or similar process
For the purpose of identifying or locating a suspect, fugitive, material witness or missing person
Under certain limited circumstances, when you are the victim of a crime
If the Hospice has a suspicion that your death was the result of criminal conduct including criminal conduct at the Hospice
In an emergency in order to report a crime
To Coroners And Medical Examiners. The Hospice may disclose your health information to coroners and medical examiners for the purposes of determining your cause
of death or for other duties as authorized by law
To Funeral Directors. The Hospice may disclose your health information to funeral directors consistent with applicable law and if necessary, to carry out their
duties with respect to your funeral arrangements. If necessary to carry out their duties, the Hospice may disclose your health information prior to an in reasonable anticipation of
your death.
To Florists At The Time of Your Death. The Hospice may disclose your health information to a florist at the time of your death in order to provide a floral
tribute from the Hospice at the time of your funeral service
For Organ, Eye or Tissue Donation. The Hospice may use or disclose your health information to organ procurement organizations or other entities engaged in the
procurement, banking or transplantation of organs, eyes or tissue for the purpose of facilitating the donation and transplantation when this has been specifically identified as your
wish after death
For Research Purposes. The Hospice may, under very select circumstances, use your health information in statistical form, for research. Before the Hospice
discloses any of your health information for this purpose, it will be with your specific permission and the project will be subject to an extensive approval process
In the Event of A Serious Threat to Health or Safety. The Hospice may, consistent with applicable law and ethical standards of conduct, disclose your health
information if the Hospice, in good faith, believes that such disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety or to the health and
safety of the public.
For Specified Government Functions. In certain circumstances the Federal regulations authorize the Hospice to use or disclose your health information to
facilitate specified government functions relating to military and veterans, national security and intelligence activities, protective services for the President and others, medical
suitability determinations and inmates and law enforcement custody.
For Workers' Compensation. The Hospice may release your health information for workers' compensation or similar programs.
AUTHORIZATION TO USE OR DISCLOSE HEALTH INFORMATION
Other than is stated above, the Hospice will not disclose your health information other than with your written authorization. If you or your representative authorizes the Hospice to use or
disclose your health information, you may revoke that authorization in writing at any time.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR HEALTH INFORMATION
You have the following rights regarding your health information that the Hospice maintains:
Right to Request Restrictions. You may request restrictions on certain uses and disclosures of your health information. You have the right to request a limit on
the Hospice's disclosure of your health information to someone who is involved in your care or the payment of your care. However, the Hospice is not required to agree to your request.
If you wish to make a request for restrictions, please contact the Compliance Officer at the Hospice.
Right to Receive Confidential Communications. You have the right to request that the Hospice communicate with you in a certain way. For example, you may ask that
the Hospice only conduct communications pertaining to your health information with you privately with no other family members present. If you wish to receive confidential
communications, please contact the Compliance Officer at the Hospice in writing or by phone at 580-223-0655 or 1-800-498-0655. The Hospice will not request that you provide any
reasons for your request and will attempt to honor your reasonable requests for confidential communications.
Right to Inspect and Copy Your Health Information. You have the right to inspect and copy your health information, including billing records. A request to
inspect and copy records containing your health information may be made to the Compliance Officer at the Hospice in writing or by phoning 580-223-0655 or 1-800-498-0655. If you
request a copy of your health information, the Hospice may charge a reasonable fee for copying and assembling costs associated with your request.
Right to Amend Health Care Information. You, or your representative, have the right to request that the Hospice amend your records, if you believe that your
health information is incorrect or incomplete. That request may be made as long as the information is maintained by the Hospice. A request for an amendment of records must be made in
writing to the Compliance Officer at the Hospice and mailed to Compliance Officer, Cross Timbers Hospice, 207 C Street, NW, Ardmore, Oklahoma 73401. The Hospice may deny the request
if it is not in writing or does not include a reason for the amendment. The request also may be denied if your health information were not created by the Hospice, if the records you
are requesting are not part of the Hospice's records, if the health information you wish to amend is not part of the health information you or your representative are permitted to
inspect and copy, or if, in the opinion of the Hospice, the records containing your health information are accurate and complete.
Right To An Accounting. You or your representative have the right to request an accounting of disclosures of your health information made by the Hospice for
certain reasons, including reasons related to public purposes authorized by law and certain research. The request for an accounting must be made in writing to the Compliance Officer,
Cross Timbers Hospice, 207 C Street, NW, Ardmore, Oklahoma 73401. The request should specify the time period for the accounting starting on or after April 14, 2003. Accounting request
may not be made for periods of time in excess of seven (7) years. The Hospice would provide the first accounting you request during any 12-month period without charge. Subsequent
accounting requests may be subject to a reasonable cost-based fee.
Right to a Paper Copy of This Notice. You or your representative has a right to a separate paper copy of this Notice at any time even if you or your
representative have received this Notice previously. To obtain a separate paper copy, pleas contact the Compliance Officer at 580-223-0655 or 1-800-498-0655. You may also obtain a
copy of the current version of the Hospice's Notice of Privacy Practices at its website, www.crosstimbershospice.org.
DUTIES OF THE HOSPICE
The Hospice is required by law to maintain the privacy of your health information and to provide to you and your representative this Notice of its duties and privacy practices. The Hospice is
required to abide by the terms of this Notice as may be amended from time to time. The Hospice reserves the right to change the terms of its Notice and to make the new Notice provisions
effective for all health information that it maintains. If the Hospice changes it Notice, the Hospice will provide a copy of the revised Notice to you or your appointed representative. You or
your personal representative has the right to express complaints to the Hospice and to the Secretary of DHHS if you or your representative believes that your privacy rights have been
violated. Any complaints to the Hospice should be made in writing to the Compliance Officer, Cross Timbers Hospice, 207 C Street, NW, Ardmore, Oklahoma 73401. The Hospice encourages you to
express any concerns you may have regarding the privacy of your information. You will not be retaliated against in any way for filing a complaint.
CONTACT PERSON
The Hospice has designated a Compliance Officer as its contact person for all issues regarding patient privacy and your rights under the Federal privacy standards. You may contact this person
at Cross Timbers Hospice, 207 C Street, NW, Ardmore, Oklahoma 73401 or by phone at 580-223-0655 or 1-800-498-0655.
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Notice is effective April 14th 2003
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE, PLEASE CONTACT:
Compliance Officer, Cross Timbers Hospice
207 C Street, NW
Ardmore, Oklahoma 73401
Or you may phone at: 580-223-0655 or 1-800-498-0655
Service area includes these counties: Carter, Jefferson, Johnston, Love, Murray, Marshall, Garvin, Stephens
Ardmore
Main Office
207 "C" Street NW
Ardmore, Oklahoma
73401
580.223.0655
Directions
Davis
AAO
Alternate Administrative Office        610 East Main Sreet                          Davis, Oklahoma
73030
580.369.5335
Directions
Contact Us
Phone 580.223.0655
Toll Free 1.800.498.0655
Fax 580.223.3267
Follow us on Facebook
Website by Morweb.org
Privacy Policy | Copyright 2020