https://www.indianradiologist.com/index.php/privacy-policy
Indian Radiologist
India's exclusive portal dedicated to Radiology, Imaging & Technology Trends
Email Address
*
Private Policy
Home
Private Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions for www.indianradiologist.com Below are the Terms and Conditions for use of www.indianradiologist.com. The website www.indianradiologist.com is the intellectual property of Radiology Events Education Fest Associates LLP (REEFA), that is registered at the following address: 1st Floor, Jain Arcade, CD Marg, Khar West, Mumbai 400052 Please read the private policy and terms and consitions carefully. If you need to contact us regarding any aspect of the following terms of use of our website, please contact us on the following email address - indianradiologist1@gmail.com. By accessing the content of www.indianradiologist.com ( hereafter referred to as website ) you agree to the terms and conditions set out herein and also accept our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions you should not continue to use the Website and leave immediately. You agree that you shall not use the website for any illegal purposes, and that you will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt or manipulate the content or information available on the website or reduce the overall functionality of the website. You agree not to compromise the security of the website or attempt to gain access to secured areas of the website or attempt to access any sensitive information you may believe exist on the website or server where it is hosted. You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, losses, liability, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions in this agreement and to which you will have agreed if you continue to use the website. The reproduction, distribution in any method whether online or offline is strictly prohibited. The work on the website and the images, logos, text and other such information is the property of www.indianradiologist.com ( unless otherwise stated ).
Disclaimer
Though we strive to be completely accurate in the information that is presented on our site, and attempt to keep it as up to date as possible, in some cases, some of the information you find on the website may be slightly outdated. www.indianradiologist.com reserves the right to make any modifications or corrections to the information you find on the website at any time without notice.
Change to the Terms and Conditions of Use
We reserve the right to make changes and to revise the above mentioned Terms and Conditions of use. If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at indianradiologist1@gmail.com. At www.indianradiologist.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.indianradiologist.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.indianradiologist.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. Cookies and Web Beacons www.indianradiologist.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. DoubleClick DART Cookie .:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.indianradiologist.com. .:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.indianradiologist.com and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense Facebook Twitter YouTube These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.indianradiologist.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. www.indianradiologist.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.indianradiologist.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
POSTING MATERIAL ON THE SITE
User should use the Service in a reasonable and lawful manner only. The communications should not be obscene, indecent or offensive in any way. User should agree to refrain from conduct that could constitute a criminal offense or give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise violate any law or regulation. The user should agree and acknowledge that failure to abide by these Terms may subject the user to civil and/or criminal liability. User agrees not to post any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights. User also agrees that the posting of any material him/her shall imply that the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right in that material rests with him/her. User agrees and acknowledges that he/she shall be solely liable for any action or damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, or proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any posting made by him/her. REEFA owns all Intellectual Property rights in the collective and entire work placed on the service. User is prohibited from publishing, copying, or in any way exploiting, any of the content of the service, in whole or in part. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, publication, or commercial exploitation of material accessed or downloaded from www.indianradiologist.com will be permitted without the express written consent of the Service Provider. In the event of authorized copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletions of author, trademark, or copyright notice shall be made. User agrees that he/she does not acquire any ownership rights by copying or downloading copyrighted material.You hereby grant toindianradiologist.com a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute, and display in India or any other part of the world any content, your name, city and country, posted on on this site, in whole or in part. User agrees upon registration with www.indianradiologist.com to provide accurate and complete name and e-mail address information, and to promptly update this information from time to time as needed. REEFA reserves the right to terminate the access of users and account holders who infringe the copyrights of others. If anyone copies the literary work of someone else and posts it on the website www.indianradiologist.com. You agree to indemnify REEFA and its affiliates, employees, agents and representatives, and to hold them harmless from any and all claims and liabilities (including legal fees) that may arise from your postings, or from your unauthorized use of material obtained throughwww.indianradiologist.com , or from your breach of this Agreement, or from any similar actions arising through your use of www.indianradiologist.com. REEFA reserves the right to review, edit, or delete any material posted by users in the interactive areas or elsewhere on the service, at its discretion and without notice.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE USING www.indianradiologist.com AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND THE SERVICE PROVIDER AND ITS AFFILIATES HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY OTHER WARRANTY, CONDITION, GUARANTEE OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER ORAL, IN WRITING OR IN ELECTRONIC FORM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY MATERIAL ON THE SERVICE. www.indianradiologist.com AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THERE WILL BE NO FAILURES, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS OR LOSS OF TRANSMITTED INFORMATION, OR THAT NO VIRUSES WILL BE TRANSMITTED ON THE SERVICE. www.indianradiologist.com AND ITS AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ALLEGEDLY SUFFERED OR ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR INABILITY TO ACCESS THE SERVICE, INCLUDING FOR VIRUSES ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICE, YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE OR ANY OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICE, REGARDLESS OF THE TYPE OF CLAIM OR THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.
Jurisdiction
you agree that this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and jurisdiction for any legal action or proceeding shall be in Mumbai only. You expressly agree to submit to the venue of Mumbai courts.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement or portion thereof shall be declared invalid for any reason, the invalid provision or portion thereof shall be deemed omitted and the remaining terms shall be given full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement represents the complete and entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral. If you do not agree with the Terms contained in this Agreement, please exit the service now. No distribution or copying of this information on any other server, or modification or re-use thereof in any manner is permitted without prior permission of REEFA All material appearing on this website is without providing warranties of any kind either express or implied and no representations of any nature whatsoever are sought to be made in regard to the use or result of use thereof. Viewer Contributed Material, comments and suggestions about this website are invited. However, all such viewer contributed material, comments, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information disclosed or offered to REEFA through this website www.indianradiologist.com shall be deemed to be and remain the property of REEFA.
YOUR INFORMATION
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your website experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our services, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses IndianRadiologist.com or advertisements and other content served by or on other Web sites.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation or information, when you open e-mail from us if your computer supports such capabilities.
Sharing Your Info: We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases, such as Marketplace sellers, these businesses operate sales atwww.indianradiologist.com or sell offerings to you on our site, and your information can be shared with them for delivery services or any such affiliated services regards despatch of goods or information regarding new products.
Terms & Conditions for Online Payments
1. Once a User has accepted these Terms and Conditions, he/ she may register and avail the Services. 2. In these Terms and Conditions, the term “Charge Back” shall mean, approved and settled credit card or net banking purchase transaction(s) which are at any time refused, debited or charged back to merchant account (and shall also include similar debits to Payment Service Provider's accounts, if any) by the acquiring bank or credit card company for any reason whatsoever, together with the bank fees, penalties and other charges incidental thereto. 3. Server Slow Down/Session Timeout: In case the Website or Payment Service Provider’s webpage, that is linked to the Website, is experiencing any server related issues like ‘slow down’ or ‘failure’ or ‘session timeout’, the User shall, before initiating the second payment,, check whether his/her Bank Account has been debited or not and accordingly resort to one of the following options:
In case the Bank Account appears to be debited, ensure that he/ she does not make the payment twice and immediately thereafter contact REEFA via e-mail or any other mode of contact as provided by the Institute to confirm payment.
In case the Bank Account is not debited, the User may initiate a fresh transaction to make payment.
However, the User agrees that under no circumstances the Payment Gateway Service Provider/ REEFA shall be held responsible for such fraudulent/duplicate transactions and hence no claims should be raised to Payment Gateway Service Provider No communication received by the Payment Service Provider(s) in this regards shall be entertained by the Payment Service Provider(s).
4. REEFA and the Payment Service Provider(s) assume no liability whatsoever for any monetary or other damage suffered by the User on account of:
The delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Payment Gateway or Services in connection thereto; and/ or
Any interruption or errors in the operation of the Payment Gateway.
5. The User agrees, understands and confirms that his/ her personal data including without limitation details relating to debit card/ credit card transmitted over the Internet may be susceptible to misuse, hacking, theft and/ or fraud and that REEFA or the Payment Service Provider(s) have no control over such matters. 6. Although all reasonable care has been taken towards guarding against unauthorized use of any information transmitted by the User, REEFA does not represent or guarantee that the use of the Services provided by/ through it will not result in theft and/or unauthorized use of data over the Internet. 7. REEFA, the Payment Service Provider(s) and its affiliates and associates shall not be liable, at any time, for any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information contained on the Website. 8. The User will be required to login his/ her own User ID and Password, given by REEFA in order to register and/ or use the Services provided by Institute on the Website. By accepting these Terms and Conditions the User aggress that his/ her User ID and Password are very important pieces of information and it shall be the User’s own responsibility to keep them secure and confidential. In furtherance hereof, the User agrees to;
Choose a new password, whenever required for security reasons.
Keep his/ her User ID & Password strictly confidential.
Be responsible for any transactions made by User under such User ID and Password.
Debit/Credit Card, Bank Account Details
1. The User agrees that the debit/credit card details provided by him/ her for use of the aforesaid Service(s) must be correct and accurate and that the User shall not use a debit/ credit card, that is not lawfully owned by him/ her or the use of which is not authorized by the lawful owner thereof. The User further agrees and undertakes to provide correct and valid debit/credit card details. 2. The User may pay his/ her fees to the Institute by using a debit/credit card or through online banking account. The User warrants, agrees and confirms that when he/ she initiates a payment transaction and/or issues an online payment instruction and provides his/ her card / bank details:
The User is fully and lawfully entitled to use such credit / debit card, bank account for such transactions;
The User is responsible to ensure that the card/ bank account details provided by him/ her are accurate;
The User is authorizing debit of the nominated card/ bank account for the payment of fees selected by such User along with the applicable Fees.
The User is responsible to ensure sufficient credit is available on the nominated card/ bank account at the time of making the payment to permit the payment of the dues payable or the bill(s) selected by the User inclusive of the applicable Fee.
Payment Gateway Disclaimer
The Service is provided in order to facilitate access to view and pay Fees online. REEFA or the Payment Service Provider(s) do not make any representation of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Payment Gateway other than what is specified in the Website for this purpose. By accepting/ agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, the User expressly agrees that his/ her use of the aforesaid online payment Service is entirely at own risk and responsibility of the User.
Cancellation Policy
Once the User will be registered and paid the Fee through online Payment Gateway. He/She will not be able to cancel the transaction in any circumstances. No Payment will be refunded to the User.
Payment Refund Policy for Online Payments
Refund for Charge Back Transaction: In the event there is any claim for/ of charge back by the User for any reason whatsoever, such User shall immediately approach REEFA with his/ her claim details and claim refund from the Institute alone. Such refund (if any) shall be effected only by REEFA via payment gateway or any other means as REEFA deems appropriate. No claims for refund/ charge back shall be made by any User to the Payment Service Provider(s) and in the event such claim is made it shall not be entertained. Refund for fraudulent/duplicate transaction(s): The User shall directly contact REEFA for any fraudulent transaction(s) on account of misuse of Card/ Bank details by a fraudulent individual/party and such issues shall be suitably addressed by the Institute alone in line with their policies and rules.
Youtube Subscribe
© 2018 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Privacy Policy
Contact
×
User login
×
User Register
×
forgot password
If you've forgotten your password, enter your e-mail address below and we'll send you instructions on how to securely change your password.