https://www.obesity.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyetyadmin2018-10-30T22:41:10-04:00
The Obesity Society is committed to improving the lives of those with obesity, nurturing careers of obesity scientists and practitioners and promoting the interdisciplinary nature of obesity research, management and education.
Your privacy is very important to us, so we are providing this notice detailing our privacy practices. You’ll also find information on this page about choices you can make regarding the way your information is collected, shared and used.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may ask you to provide certain individual information at various points while you are visiting our website. For example, we may need your contact information to facilitate your request for information, your order for a product or service or when you make a donation. We may need your name, email or mailing address, demographic information such as your age, and your professional degree or field of interest if you register using one of our forms. Similarly, we may ask for your individual information if you contact us by phone or email.
Providing your information will help us process your registration or request and reply promptly.
We may use information you provide to occasionally notify you about important changes to the site, or about new services or features offered by The Obesity Society. We may also use your information to customize your experience at our meetings or to develop and distribute content that may be of interest to you. If you would rather we not use your information for these purposes, please contact us through one of the channels identified in “How to Correct or Update Information” below.
We do not provide your name and address or email to outside parties, except as described on this page. In general, we use identifiable information only to complete your transactions.
Automatically collected information: Our web server collects information about the pages viewed when people visit our site. The server may record the visitor’s IP address, host name, browser type, or other information that’s automatically collected by the software we use to serve our visitors. This information helps us fine-tune our pages and administer and troubleshoot technical problems.
Protecting Personal Information
When you register, donate or access your account information, we use a secure server that encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. In addition, all of the customer transactional data we collect is protected against unauthorized access through the use of digital certificates issued by VeriSign, one of the most trusted signers of digital certificates.
Links to Other Sites
This site may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. By using this site, you acknowledge and agree that The Obesity Society has no control over such sites and resources and is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any materials, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that The Obesity Society is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such materials or goods available on or through any such site or resource.
Monitoring of Information
Our site monitors customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us continue developing the site’s design and layout.
Use of “Cookies”
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies and similar technologies to provide our services and help collect data. Among other things, cookies allow us to store your preferences and settings; provide interest-based advertising; and analyze how our services are performing. We also use web beacons to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data about our products and services. Our services may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers. You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our services.
Policies Regarding Disclosure of Personal Information
The Obesity Society may provide aggregate statistics about our members or visitors to our site, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors. However, these statistics do not include personal identifying information.
The Obesity Society, like many other non-profit organizations, occasionally provides a restricted amount of information about our members to companies, predominantly other non-profit organizations. This information is typically limited to names and postal addresses and is provided on a one-time basis. These companies and organizations do not have continued access to your information unless you respond to them directly, which you are free to do or not to do.
If you do not want your information shared with outside organizations, contact us at the address below. If you use more than one email address, postal address or telephone number, please identify each one.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We adhere to the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). For more information, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA site.
Email Guidelines
The Obesity Society restricts the sending of unsolicited commercial email to individuals with whom we have consent/permission or a pre-existing or current business relationship. We provide all email recipients with a clear, easy, and effective method to unsubscribe to any and all online communications.
How to Correct or Update Information
To change or modify information you’ve previously provided, contact us at:
The Obesity Society
1110 Bonifant Street, Suite 500
Silver Spring, MD 20910
Phone (301) 563-6526
Email: contact@obesity.org