http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/conditionsandtreatments/allergies
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Conditions and treatments
Home
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Share (show more)
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Allergies occur when our body overreacts to a 'trigger' or allergen. Common reactions include itchiness, sneezing and difficulty breathing. Anaphylaxis is a severe reaction that requires emergency treatment. Common allergies include hay fever, asthma, hives and food allergy.
Allergies
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Allergy basics
Allergic reactions
Allergens and triggers
Food allergies and intolerance
Living with allergies
Allergy basics
Allergic reactions emergency first aid
Severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis) and asthma attacks need urgent emergency first aid. In an emergency, always call triple zero (000)...
Allergies explained
Allergy occurs when the body overreacts to a 'trigger' that is harmless to most people...
Allergy testing
Allergy testing is used to find which substances provoke an allergic reaction...
Asthma and allergens
Many people with asthma find their symptoms can worsen when they are exposed to certain allergens like house dust mite, animal dander, pollen and mould...
Immune system explained
The immune system remembers every germ it has ever overcome...
Allergic reactions
Anaphylaxis
Anaphylaxis is a severe allergic reaction that requires urgent medical attention...
Eczema (atopic dermatitis)
Eczema can vary in severity, and symptoms may flare up or subside from day to day...
Hay fever
Hay fever is an allergic reaction to airborne allergens that can occur at any time of the year...
Hives
Hives (urticaria) is a reaction to the release of histamine into the skin...
Thunderstorm asthma - Mohamed Barre (video)
Allergens and triggers
Allergies to bites and stings
Allergies to insect stings and bites range from milder allergic reactions to life-threatening, severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis)...
Allergies to medications
All medication has the potential to cause allergies but some people can have allergic reactions to specific prescription or over-the-counter medications...
Aspergillus
Aspergillus is a fungus that commonly grows on rotting vegetation. It can cause asthma symptoms...
Avoiding asthma triggers
Asthma triggers are substances, conditions or activities that lead to symptoms of asthma.Asthma symptoms include difficulty breathing, coughing, wheezing and shortness of breath. These symptoms can...
House dust mite
Areas around the home that are heavily used, such as beds and upholstered furniture, will have much higher mite populations than the rest of the house...
Latex allergy
The best way to manage latex allergy is to avoid exposure to latex products...
Mould and your health
The way to control indoor mould growth is to control the source of moisture...
Pollen allergies
Pollen allergies cause seasonal hay fever and asthma and can be treated with antihistamines, nasal sprays or asthma medication...
Thunderstorm asthma - Mohamed Barre (video)
Food allergies and intolerance
Coeliac disease and gluten sensitivity
Coeliac disease is an immune disease caused by gluten...
Cow’s milk allergy
Milk allergy symptoms range from mild to a life-threatening severe allergic reaction. Avoid food containing milk only under strict medical supervision...
Egg allergy
Egg allergy is one of the most common causes of allergies in children with symptoms ranging from mild to life-threatening reactions...
Food additives
The long-term effects of consuming a combination of different additives in our food are currently unknown...
Food allergy and intolerance
Food allergy is an immune response, while food intolerance is a chemical reaction...
Gluten-free diet
Gluten sensitivity can be managed with a gluten-free diet...
Have you had an allergic reaction to packaged food?
The Food Standards Code requires that certain foods must be listed on the package of a food, or made known to the customer upon request. If you experience an allergic reaction to a known allergen not...
Lactose intolerance
Symptoms of lactose intolerance include bloating, gas, abdominal pain and diarrhoea...
Nut allergies
Peanuts, tree nuts and seeds can all cause allergies with symptoms ranging from milder reactions to a severe allergic reaction (anaphylaxis)...
Raw (unpasteurised) milk
Raw milk is milk that has not been pasteurised to kill bacteria that could be harmful to humans...
Living with allergies
Allergic reactions emergency first aid
Severe allergic reactions (anaphylaxis) and asthma attacks need urgent emergency first aid. In an emergency, always call triple zero (000)...
Asthma-friendly home
There are many ways in which you can transform your home into an asthma-friendly environment...
Travelling with an allergy
If you have an allergy, visit your doctor before you travel, especially if you are at risk of a severe allergic reaction (anaphylaxis) or an asthma attack...
Impact of smoke exposure on heart and lung conditions
People with heart or lung conditions (such as asthma) are more sensitive to the effects of breathing in smoke from fires. Their symptoms can be worse at lower smoke concentrations compared to other people.Learn about the steps you can take to avoid smoke and protect your health.
Learn more
Report allergic reactions to packaged food
Food labels are required by law to show information about the presence of food allergens.Consumers are asked to report allergic reactions to packaged food in cases were the allergen was not documented on the food label.
Learn more
Multilingual resources on allergies Health Translations
See more translations for Allergies on Health Translations
A-Z of conditions and treatments
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9
Explore conditions and treatments
Consumer Medicine Information
Want to know more about the medications you are taking.
Search and find information sheets on over 4,000 prescription and over-the-counter medicines.
Find out more about over 170 common surgeries including risks, benefits and after care.
Recent Activity
10 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 23 Sep 2015
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/conditionsandtreatments/allergies
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top