https://www.napervillepodiatrist.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Family Podiatry Center website/blog does not share, or sell any mailing list, marketing materials, or data collected with any third party individual or organization for any reason. Please contact us at contact@napervillepodiatrist.com if you have any questions or concerns.
Our company is responsible for the content of this website.  This website is designed for general informational purposes only and it does not constitute legal or medical advice nor the formation of a lawyer-client or doctor-client relationship.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
Our site uses online form(s) for Consumers to request information about our products, and services. We collect Consumer’s contact information (like their email address, phone number or mailing address). We use contact information from the form to send products, information or offers. Contact information is never stored on the website or sold to third parties.
The Consumer’s contact information may also be used to get in touch with the Consumer if necessary to solve a problem.
When you fill out a contact form or otherwise contact us, we may retain your communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
We may use your email address, phone number or mailing address to communicate with you about our services.
At any time consumers may contact us to request that we delete contact information provided to us; see the choice / opt-out section below.
Medical Disclaimer:
The content of the Family Podiatry Center website/blog, including text, graphics and images, are not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition.
Inaccurate & Inappropriate Information Disclaimer:
Every effort has been made to offer the most current and accurate information as possible, nevertheless, informational and typographical errors may occur. The information and data included in the Family Podiatry Center website is sometimes compiled from a variety of sources. If information is misleading, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, a reasonable effort will be made to fix or remove it. Please contact us at contact@napervillepodiatrist.com with any concerns.
Third Party Disclaimer:
The Family Podiatry Center website/blog links to external websites and blogs in order to provide readers with additional references and/or to give credit to other authors’ works that may be quoted, referred to or that may have inspired content on the website/blog. We are not responsible for the content included on those sites, including any links contained within those sites, or any changes or updates to those sites.
Opt-Out:
Opt-out requests for e-mail subscriptions, and/or other online services provided by Family Podiatry Center can be made by sending an opt-out request to contact@napervillepodiatrist.com.
Common Treatments & AilmentsBunions
Ankle Sprains
Flat Feet
Heel Pain
Fungal Nails
Chronic Pain
Advanced Diagnostics
Reconstructive Surgery
Progressive Technology
Featured TreatmentsHyProCure for Hyperpronation
Noveon Laser Treatment for Fungal nails
KERYflex Nail Restoration System
Quell Pain Relief
Our Newsletter
Helpful Links Online Appointments
Where Does It Hurt?
Contact Us
Family Podiatry Center
720 Brom Dr Suite #201
Naperville, IL 60540
630.355.3668
Toggle the Widgetbar