http://www.olesky.com/services/privacy.asp
Database is OPEN 1
Olesky Associates
(800) 486-4330 user
Friday, December 11, 2020
Home
Contact
Physicians
Employers
Search Jobs
Career
Login
About Olesky
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by Olesky Associates, Inc.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our
policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information.
This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Information We Gather and Track
Olesky Associates gathers two types of information about site visitors.
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions, like our contact form.
Information Olesky Associates gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites.
This information allows us to better track how people are finding and using the web site.
Under no circumstances will Olesky Associates sell any personal information given to us.
Usage Tracking
Olesky Associates tracks user traffic patterns on our sites.
However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users.
Olesky Associates does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and other information supplied by your browser when you connect to our web site.
This is standard information supplied by every user's browser.
Olesky Associates tracks and catalogs the search terms that users enter in our Search Jobs page, but this tracking is never associated with individual users.
Cookies
We may place a small bit of information in your browser called a "session cookie".
This is not the same as the
"permanent cookie", which is stored with other browser files in your computer.
The cookie simply identifies your session as you move through the pages on the web site.
The cookie does not contain personal information, nor is it retained after you exit your browser.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.
If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary.
Only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our clients.
Opt-Out Policy
Olesky Associates sends out email opportunity announcements from time to time.
These announcements are sent to email addresses gathered by Olesky Associates.
The source of the email addresses includes, but is not limited to,
professional organizations that develop physican directories,
professional organizations that make their mailing list available to us,
and web sites that feature physician job opprotunities.
You may choose to opt-out of all future email announcements from Olesky Associates.
Sinply use the link located at the bottom of any email announcement we send you.
Your email address will be immediately and permanently removed from all future announcements.
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Olesky Associates, Inc.
If this policy changes in the future, it will be announced on the web site and this page will be updated.
Questions? Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding the privacy of information stored with Olesky Associates, please
contact us.
Revised June 2, 2006.
The electronic mail addresses listed on this web site are for Olesky Associates Inc. business only, and are not intended for commercial use such as Unsolicited Commercial Email, also known as spam or junk email.
Inappropriate use of the email addresses on this web site will be considered theft of service.
Copyright © 1999, 2020 Olesky Associates, Inc., all rights reserved.   Privacy policy.   Site by Scott Web Services.