https://www.nutritionsociety.org/terms-use#overlay-context=terms-use
Skip to main content
HomeTerms of Use
Terms of Use
These terms of use, together with the Society's privacy policy and cookie policy and any other terms and conditions referred to in them, as well as any other service conditions which you accept in requesting the Society's services, (together the “Terms”) are the terms on which you may use this website and any applications associated with it (together the “Website”, which includes any resources accessible from it).
We are The Nutrition Society (“we”, “our”, and “us”), a charity registered in England and Wales. Our charity registration number is 272071, our company registration number is 1274585 and our registered office is at Unit 10, Cambridge Court, 210 Shepherds Bush Road, London, W6 7NJ. You are the user of the Website (“you”, “your”).
Please read the Terms carefully before you start to use the Website. We may revise the Terms at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made as they are binding on you. By using the Website, you confirm that you accept the Terms and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to the Terms, then you must not use the Website.
IMPORTANT TERMS RELATING TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND PROVIDERS
Some of the content and facilities on the Website links into third party websites, including third party payment processors, websites relating to events and courses that may be of interest to our members and booking/ticketing websites for those events and courses. We are unable to accept responsibility for the content on any third party websites and/or for any terms of business that you may accept if you buy or accept services from third party providers. We urge you to check any third party terms and policies carefully before agreeing them.
Where we provide or offer services in association with third party providers, in requesting or accepting an offer of such services you authorise us to share information with relevant third parties to the extent necessary in order to provide you with those services.
Other Nutrition Society Terms and Conditions
Any terms and conditions relating to other goods and/or services we provide, including but not limited to the terms of access to any scientific journals and other publications, our membership rules, any terms relating to any subscriptions, donations, grants and/or the sale of any goods and/or services and any licensing terms, (each a set of “Additional Terms”) shall be supplementary to these Terms. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any Additional Terms and these Terms, then the Additional Terms shall prevail in respect of the subject matter to which those Additional Terms apply.
Your Account and Password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as being confidential.
If you are provided with an individual user account (“Account”), you agree to be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account login and password information and to be fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You must not disclose details of how to access your Account to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of the Terms. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you know your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify the Society's membership team via email.
Website Content and Access
We may update the Website from time to time. Please note that any of the content on the Website may be out of date at any time and we are under no obligation to update it. We do not guarantee the Website will be free from errors or omissions and we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the Website is accurate, complete or up-to-date, or that it meets your requirements. The content on the Website is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice upon which you should rely.
We do not guarantee that the Website or any part of it will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to the Website is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the Website without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
We do not guarantee that the Website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the Website. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse the Website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Website. You must not attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack, distributed denial-of service attack or other attack. By breaching this provision, you could be committing a criminal offence. We may report any suspected or actual breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Website will cease immediately.
Intellectual Property Rights
You may not use the Nutrition Society logo without first obtaining our explicit permission in writing and you may not use our name, logo or branding in order to imply an association between you and the Nutrition Society without our prior written consent.
You acknowledge that we are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights (including any copyright, patents, trademarks and any other intellectual property rights) in the Website and any material published on it. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Website for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on the Website. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
You must not copy any software or source code associated with the Website without our explicit permission in writing. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of any content on the Website must always be acknowledged. You must not use the Website or any part of it for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us and/or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of the Website in breach of the Terms, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
If you provide us with any feedback or suggestions regarding the Website (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to us all rights in such Feedback and agree that we shall have the right to use and fully exploit such Feedback and related information in any manner we deem appropriate free from any obligation to you. You agree that you will not submit to us any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary or that belong to any third party.
Nothing in the Terms transfers to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to any intellectual property rights in the Website, except for the limited access and usage rights expressly set out in the Terms. You agree that the Terms do not contain any implied licences. We and our licensors and suppliers reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
Limitation of Our Liability
Nothing in the Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under English law. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Website whether express or implied. We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: use of, or inability to use, the Website; or use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Website. Please note that in particular, we will not be liable for: loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; business interruption; loss of anticipated savings; loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any content from it, or any website linked to it. We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on the Website. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Uploading Content
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to the Website, or to make contact with other users of the Website, you must comply with the content standards relevant to that feature or upload and our acceptable use standards (below). You confirm that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. Any content you upload to the Website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who claims that any content posted or uploaded by you to the Website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy or of their other rights. We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of the Website. We have the right to remove any posting you make on the Website if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the relevant content standards. The views expressed by other users on the Website do not necessarily represent our views or values.
Linking
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, partnership, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to the Website in any website that is not owned by you. The Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with our acceptable use standards (below). If you wish to make any use of content on the Website other than that set out above, please contact us.
Where the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We do not endorse and have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such sites or resources (including in relation to any applicable third party’s terms, policies and data gathering practices).
Acceptable Use Standards
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes.
You may not use the Website:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect or that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libellous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive, promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual or is otherwise objectionable;
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm others in any way and in particular for any purpose that is harmful to minors in any way;
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Terms, rules and standards relating to the Website;
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam);
knowingly to transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware;
to collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; or
to interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Website, or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks or to attempt to gain unauthorised access to any computer system;
in breach of any obligations that you owe to a third party.
You also agree:
not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the Website in contravention of the provisions of the Terms, rules and standards relating to the Website;
not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: any part of the Website; any equipment or network on which the Website is stored; any software used in the provision of the Website; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party;
not to create multiple user accounts by any means or for any purpose whatsoever; and
not to harass or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Website.
Contributions
You must comply with the spirit and the letter of the following standards. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must: be accurate (where they state facts); be genuinely held (where they state opinions); and comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted.
You agree not to upload, transmit, distribute through the Website or otherwise contribute:
any computer viruses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke, loggers, spyware, adware or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data
any material which is threatening, abusive, defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, hateful, inflammatory or sexually explicit;
any material that promotes violence, discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age or otherwise promotes any illegal activity;
any material that does or is likely to infringe any copyright, database right, trade mark or other intellectual property right of any other person or that otherwise breaches any legal duty owed to a third party (including any confidentiality obligations);
any material that does or is likely to invade another’s privacy or to cause annoyance, inconvenience, needless anxiety, harassment, embarrassment or alarm to another person;
any material that does or is likely to deceive any person, to misrepresent your identity or affiliation or to give the impression that it emanates from us where this is not the case;
any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; or
any material that advocates, promotes or assists with any of the objectionable activities described above.
We make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any material contributed by users of the Website. Any interactions between you and other users of the Website are solely between you and such users. You agree that we will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any site user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
Interactive Services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on the Website, including (without limitation) chat rooms, bulletin board and social media platforms (“Interactive Services”). Where we do provide any Interactive Services, we will usually provide information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical). We are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any Interactive Services we provide on the Website, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any Interactive Services by any user in contravention of our content standards, whether the relevant Interactive Services are moderated or not. The use of any of our Interactive Services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. Parents/guardians who permit their children to use any Interactive Service should communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not fool-proof. Minors who are using any Interactive Service should be made aware of the potential risks to them. Where we do moderate any Interactive Service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Suspension and Termination
We will determine, at our sole discretion, whether there has been a breach of our acceptable use standards through your use of the Website. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with the Terms is a material breach of the Terms and may result in our taking any or all of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Website;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the Website;
the issue of a warning to you;
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;
further legal action against you; and
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of the above acceptable use standards. The responses described above are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Applicable Law
The Terms, their subject matter and formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction over all matters relating to the Terms (including non-contractual disputes) except that: if you are a consumer resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland; if you are a consumer resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland; and we make at our option issue proceedings or seek to enforce a judgment against you in any jurisdiction that we, acting reasonably, consider appropriate.
Share
Membership
Membership of our global nutritional science community offers a host of benefits, from access to the latest evidence based research to event discounts and travel grants.
Membership
History
Find out more about our history, from how the Nutrition Society was first established, to how we’ve become the largest learned Society in Europe today.
History