http://www.susandunn.cc/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy – Susan Dunn
Susan Dunn
Online Dating Zone
Menu
Online Dating
Love & Relationship
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Susandunn.Cc user terms page. The Susandunn.cc User Terms will explain how we collect, use, disclose, and protect various information in connection with the use of our media by your readers.
Susandunn.cc Membership Provisions
User Account Information Provisions
Susandunn.cc will request information when the User creates an account at Susandunn.cc, such as username, first and last name, date of birth, telephone number, and email address.
If a user writes a comment or shares, Susandunn.cc will also save a record of user activity. The aim is to broaden Susandunn.cc’s insight into user trends and to adjust various features in Susandunn.cc as needed.
Provisions for Information from Third Parties
When a user accesses Susandunn.cc from a third party in the form of another site linked to Susandunn.cc through “following” or “like” activities so that your account is automatically connected to our party, then the third party has the right to forward user information to Susandunn.cc. This information can include a username, as well as any public information that users provide to third parties.
If the user gives Susandunn.cc access to the user’s friend list, this information can be read by the Susandunn.Cc algorithm to allow the user to invite friends to help build an account at Susandunn.cc as well as inform the user if there are new friends joined in Susandunn.cc.
We recommend that users first adjust the privacy settings on third-party sites if the user does not want to grant access that has been previously mentioned. If access is terminated, Susandunn.cc will remove information about users that we can obtain due to connections to third party sites.
Feature Terms Invite a Friend
If the user Susandunn.cc uses the invite friends feature, the user can immediately select friends who are in the user’s contact list in the communication tool used. However, Susandunn.cc does not recommend transferring a user’s contact list to Susandunn.cc and will not take information stored by users in connection with the names of friends in the existing contact list.
Through the use of Invite Friends, the user will immediately send an e-mail or text message from the user’s account, and Susandunn.cc will not store the user’s contact list.
Terms of User Fellow Discovery in Susandunn.cc
Through the Find Friends feature, users can track the whereabouts of friends through personal contact lists, social media sites like Twitter or Facebook or direct search by entering their name or username on POPBELA or Susandunn.cc.
If the user uses a personal contact, Susandunn.cc will be able to access the contact list so that a search for fellow Susandunn.cc users who are in the user’s contacts can be done.
If the user uses social media, the information contained in the user’s social media is bound by the user’s own social media conditions and the user’s account settings.
If the user searches directly on Susandunn.cc, then the user can directly type the name or username that is searched.
The use of this search information is required by Susandunn.cc only to help users find fellow Susandunn.cc users.
Find Your Love
Recent Posts
Follow the 3 Tips and Tricks to Avoid Ghosting
7 Types of Guys to Avoid When Dating Online
7 Reasons Why Some Men Would Rather Play Games Than Date You
5 Tricks to Seduce Men Without Being Seen Bitchy
Do These 5 Tips for Your First Date So You Won’t be Nervous
Categories
Love & RelationshipOnline DatingSale, Dress For Your First Date!
Categories
Love & Relationship
Online Dating
Recent Posts
Follow the 3 Tips and Tricks to Avoid Ghosting
7 Types of Guys to Avoid When Dating Online
7 Reasons Why Some Men Would Rather Play Games Than Date You
5 Tricks to Seduce Men Without Being Seen Bitchy
Do These 5 Tips for Your First Date So You Won’t be Nervous
Copyright © 2020 Susan Dunn. Powered by WordPress. Theme: Accelerate by ThemeGrill
Term and Conditions
Privacy Policy
error: Copying this article is prohibited !!