http://www.asge.org/quicklinks/privacy-statement
Home/ Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
ASGE Web Site Privacy & Security
Introduction
ASGE has always treated member data as important and private.  We believe members should always know what data we collect and how we use it and that the member should have meaningful control over both.  As part of ASGE’s ongoing commitment to transparency and in preparation for new data protection laws that take effect in May 2018, ASGE is updating its Privacy Policy and End-User agreement to empower you to make the best decision about the information that is shared with us.
This Privacy Policy applies to all the products, services, websites, and apps offered by ASGE. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as “services” in this policy.
References to "data" in this Privacy Policy will refer to whatever data you provide in your membership application and/or customer profile. Reference to “personal information” or just “information,” means information about you that we have, for which we act as custodian.
Information we collect
You provide us with your contact information and/or career-based data, whether through a member application, event registration, use of our services, a form on our website, interaction with our staff team, or a response to one of ASGE’s surveys.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on the site user’s computer or web server and is used to aid web navigation. Session cookies are temporary files created when a user signs in on the Web site or uses the personalized features (such as keeping track of items in the shopping cart). Session cookies are removed when a user logs off or when the browser is closed. Persistent cookies are permanent files and must be deleted manually. Information collected from persistent cookies or any session cookie is used strictly for the user’s efficient navigation of the site.
Device and browser data
We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data means your IP address, operating system version, device type, system and performance information, and browser type.
Information from page tags
We use third party tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as web beacons) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by ASGE or by users through our services include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them.
Log Data
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site, operating system versions, device type and timestamps.
Referral information
If you arrive at the ASGE website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us.
Account Information
You need an ASGE account before you can join ASGE or use ASGE services. When you set up an account, we collect your first and last name, username, password, and email address.
Billing information
If you make a payment to ASGE, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date), you provide a billing address, which we regard as the location of the account holder.
Credit cards
All credit card transactions are conducted over a secure connection. Credit card information is not stored on the server or re-used in any manner. Only authorized personnel with specific identification and passwords can access credit card information solely for the purpose of performing adjustments or refunds at the customer’s request.
Application and profile data
When you join ASGE or sign up for our services you are asked to provide us with information about yourself and to give us more detailed insights into who you are. We do not share your information or data with third parties outside ASGE except in the following limited circumstances:
Course Endorsements
Through ASGE’s course endorsement program, the institution hosting the endorsed activity has the option to be provided the ASGE mailing list for one-time use restricted to promotion of the endorsed activity. This list is comprised of mailing addresses only, not email addresses or any other means to communicate with ASGE members digitally. The ASGE CME Program Committee reviews and approves all conferences/courses/activities for endorsement.
Exhibitors/Sponsors
The National Provider Identifier (NPI) number may be provided to exhibitors at events that are required to report to the government, payments they have provided to health care providers.
Third Party Data Processors
To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use our affiliates and trusted key partners – in particular, we engage third parties to:
Process payments
Deliver on-demand learning and publications
Deliver and track content on our website, in communications, marketing, and advertising
Help us track website success metrics
Manage our membership and customer support services to you
We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners, to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality, and best practices in privacy and security standards.
We also may need to share information or data in order to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to ASGE and/or as required or permitted by law.
Gather metrics about your web experience.For example, we will collect data about the number of clicks it took a web visitor to find a piece of content, whether they left and returned to our site, and how much time was spent on various pages. This information is collated and kept at an aggregated and anonymized level only.
Make our website easier to use. As a member or account holder, if you use the “remember me” feature when you sign into your account, we store your username to make it quicker for you to sign in whenever you return to ASGE.org.
Find a Doctor online directory
Members of the public, through the ASGE website's “Find a doctor” listing, may obtain limited information about an ASGE member, including the member's name, postal mailing address, telephone, and fax numbers.
Use of this information to compile mailing lists — for any purpose — is expressly prohibited.
Find a colleague online directory
Through ASGE website’s “Find a colleague” listing, ASGE members may obtain limited information about other ASGE members, including the member's name, postal mailing address, telephone and fax numbers, and email address.
Use of this information to compile mailing lists — for any purpose — is expressly prohibited.
Data Retention
If you are a member of, or hold an account with ASGE we do not delete the data in your account.
When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will identify the changes we have made on this page. In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all our account holders.
Your rights
Some of you (European users, and those whose information we receive under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield). have certain legal rights to obtain information about whether we hold personal information about them, to access personal information we hold about them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment, or deletion in appropriate circumstances. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations. We will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time, and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request.
Rights which you are entitled to are:
Data access rights
Right to restrict processing
Right of Rectification
Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten)
Right to object to processing
Right to withdraw consent; and
Data portability rights
Exercising your rights
If you are a member or customer of ASGE, you are entitled to a copy of all personal data which we hold in relation to you. You are also entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data, or object to some aspect of our treatment of your data. You can access a lot of your data in your own profile when you log in to ASGE.org. If you want to obtain a full copy of all your data or to request a restriction/limitation in how we use your data, please contact us at info@asge.org.
No Warranties
Although we believe the information on this site, posted by ASGE, to be accurate and timely, because of the rapid advances in the field of gastrointestinal endoscopy and our reliance on information provided by outside sources, we make no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this site or other sites to which we link. When matters are discussed on this website, the opinions presented are those of the discussants only. The material discussed on the Web site is not intended to present the only or necessarily the best endoscopic procedure or treatment method, but rather presents the approach or opinion of the discussant.
This website and the information, software, and other material available on or accessible from this website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, noninfringement or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. ASGE does not warrant that the website service will be uninterrupted or error free or that any information, software, or other material available on or accessible through the website is free of viruses, worms, trojan horses or other harmful components.
No Liability or Other Damages
Under no circumstances shall the ASGE be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages that result in any way from your use of or inability to use this Web site, your reliance on or use of the information, services or merchandise provided on or through this Web site, or that result from mistakes, omissions interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation, or transmission or any failure of performance. ASGE specifically disclaims any and all liability for injury and/or other damages that result from an individual using techniques discussed on the Web site, whether a physician or any other person asserts these claims.
ASGE welcomes your feedback. If you have questions or comments about this site, please contact us at Webmaster@asge.org.
American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy
3300 Woodcreek Drive
Downers Grove, Illinois 60515, USA
Phone: 630-573-0600
Email: Webmaster@asge.org
Effective date:  May 25, 2018
Email to EU Members & Customers
At ASGE, we value privacy and transparency, so we wanted to let you know about some changes we’re making to our Privacy Policy (link to updated Privacy Policy URL) that go into effect on May 25, 2018.
Here’s a quick summary of the updates:
We updated our Privacy statement web page with a snapshot of how we handle personal information and data.
In preparation for upcoming changes to data protection laws in Europe, we added information about how to exercise rights around your data and how to control the use of your personal information through our services.
We explain how we use aggregated respondent data to identify trends and improve our products and services.
ASGE values the trust that our members and customers place in us by allowing us act as custodians of their data.
We take our responsibility to protect and secure your information seriously, and we strive for transparency around our security practices.
If you have any questions about these changes or our privacy policy, please contact your ASGE Customer Care Team at 630-573-0600, or email membership@asge.org.
Sincerely,
Your Team at ASGE