https://www.sids.org/privacy-policy/
Site Menu
Home
About Us
Board of Directors
SIDS: Historical Perspective
What is SIDS/SUID?
Definitions
SIDS & Accidental Suffocation
Incidence
Reduce the Risk
Featured Questions
Donate
Ways to Help
Research
Research Advisory Council
Research Grants Available
Newborn Studies
Recent Studies Funded
SUID Tissue Consortium
Current Consortium Participants
News
Contact Us
Request Info
Privacy Policy
American SIDS Institute is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously, and have instituted many policies and procedures to insure that none of your privacy rights as stated herein is ever violated. The following outlines The American SIDS Institute’s privacy policy and details the measures we have taken to safeguard and protect your privacy, while providing you with a unique and rewarding online shopping experience. By visiting American SIDS Institute, you are agreeing to the policies detailed below.
What if I communicate with American SIDS Institute electronically?
When you send an email to American SIDS Institute or visit the web site, you are communicating with us electronically. When you send an email to American SIDS Institute, you consent to receive communications from us electronically in response. American SIDS Institute may communicate with you by email or by updating or posting notices on the web site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that American SIDS Institute provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. All communications with American SIDS Institute become the property of American SIDS Institute.
What information does American SIDS Institute collect?
In order to serve you better, American SIDS Institute collects and stores your personal information. When you make a donation we will ask you for your contact information and if it is in memory or in honor of someone we will ask you for that information and the acknowledgement information. We will additionally ask you for your billing address and credit card information. Our system also may gather information about the areas you visit on our site as well as the IP address you use to connect to our site. We would not share any of this data on an individual basis (we may share it in an aggregate form without personal identifiers) with any outside company other than perhaps consultants or service providers of American SIDS Institute who were assisting American SIDS Institute in serving you better. Of course, to the extent that we would ever share any of that information with a consultant or service provider, we would only do so if that party agreed to protect your private information by adopting a privacy policy at least as stringent as our own. We do use navigational information both in the aggregate and on an individual basis to understand how our visitors use American SIDS Institute so that we can make our site better. We do not keep track of where you go on the World Wide Web.
What does American SIDS Institute do with this personal information?
Your information is used to process your donation, for internal purposes and to comply with any legal requirements. By storing your personal information on a secure server, American SIDS Institute is able to shorten donation procedure.
Does American SIDS Institute share any information it collects with outside parties?
No we never share your information with other non-profit organizations or businesses.
How does American SIDS Institute safeguard my personal information?
American SIDS Institute has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights. When you make a donation we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information supplied by you is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and securely stored in American SIDS Institute’s database.
How does American SIDS Institute use my e-mail address?
Your e-mail address is used to create and identify your account on American SIDS Institute. Your e-mail address is also used by American SIDS Institute to correspond with you about donations that you may place or to notify you about SIDS awareness or fundraising events. We may also use your e-mail address to notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new American SIDS Institute services and special offers and promotions we think you’ll find valuable.
Does American SIDS Institute use “cookies”?
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web site that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. The cookie holds information a site may need to personalize your experience and to gather web site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, the internet provider’s domain name and country that our visitors come from (e.g. “aol.com” or “msn.com”) and the addresses of the sites visited immediately before coming to and immediately after leaving SIDS.org. However, none of this information is associated with you as an individual. It is measured anonymously and only in the aggregate. The information in the cookies lets us trace your “clickstream” activity (i.e., the paths take by visitors to our site as they move from page to page). Cookies do not capture your individual email address or any private information about you.
American SIDS Institute may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our web site as well as third party companies to provide tracking and analysis of information and data collected from visitors to our web site. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure information effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous and American SIDS Institute reserves the right to provide that information and data to these third parties.
To browse without cookies, you can configure your browser to reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on American SIDS Institute.
Your Consent
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the terms of service and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to American SIDS Institute’s privacy policy. American SIDS Institute reserves the right to change the terms of service, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advanced notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the Internet.
Refund Policy
All donations are final.