http://www.care-net.org/privacy-policy
Affiliates
Conference
Store
Donate
About Us
Blogs
Pregnancy Centers
Support Care Net
For Your Church
Free Resources
Fatherhood
SEARCH:
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Care Net's website! The following information is provided to inform you that we respect your privacy while interacting with this website. Care Net does not sell or rent your personal information. However, legal reasons could necessitate the sharing of such information. We will strive to ensure the security of any information you provide. Care Net wants your experience to be safe and enjoyable. Please also take a moment to review our Terms and Conditions.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Care Net collects certain information from our website users. Care Net is the sole owner of any and all information collected on www.care-net.org. Care Net does not sell or rent your confidential information. However, legal reasons could necessitate the sharing of such information. Care Net may share such information with Care Net affiliates, partners, or contract organizations, or as legally necessary. We will strive to ensure the security of any information you provide. Care Net will never collect personal information without your knowledge during your visit to our website. Any information that is requested will typically be in direct correlation to the services you are requesting. From time to time, Care Net may ask for your personal input and suggestions related to your online experience. This information will remain confidential and will allow us to improve and enhance your online user experience. By providing such information, you consent to Care Net’s use of such information to better serve you and others coming to our website.
USER REGISTRATION FOR ONLINE DONATIONS, PURCHASES, AND PUBLICATIONS
To use certain portions of this website, you will be asked to complete a profile information form and provide contact information (such as name, address and email address) and/or financial information (such as credit card information and expiration date). We use this information to provide certain website services, including the facilitation of online donations and resource purchase orders, keeping supporter and donor lists, maintaining statistics, providing you with Care Net publications, and providing you with other information, education, and services. Financial information will be used solely to process donations and purchases.
COOKIES
A "cookie" is a small piece of data that can be stored by a website onto your computer. Care Net uses cookies in order to enhance your online user experience, facilitate donations, and facilitate online purchases. Care Net uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie is stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following Internet browser help file directions. Your browser may recognize when a cookie has been sent to your system and will give you an opportunity to allow or refuse it. Care Net's website uses cookies for interaction with our online bookstore and the creation and use of personal website accounts. These cookies are used to identify you as a registered user and to allow you to access your site information, subscribe to publications, and submit donations, purchases, and other such transactions.
LOG FILES
Care Net uses log files. Log files are commonly used by most standard websites. Our log files are used to enhance your website experience, administer the website, and maintain statistics on website use.
COMMUNICATION FROM CARE NET
If you submit a user registration, Care Net may occasionally send you information on resources, services, news, and other issues. If you register to receive a Care Net publication, we will ask for your contact information to send you that publication. We respect your privacy and you may request for any such communication to be discontinued by deactivating your personal information. Please see the "correcting, deleting and deactivating personal information" section.
THIRD PARTIES ASSISTANCE FOR USER PURCHASES AND DONATIONS
Care Net may, at its discretion, use third parties, including credit card processing companies and other businesses, to assist in processing and shipping resource orders and in facilitating online donations. Care Net may also use third parties to assist in providing website services. Any third party used in this manner does not have the authority to sell or rent your personal information for any secondary purposes.
LINKS
From time to time, Care Net may provide links to other websites maintained by individuals or organizations outside of Care Net. Care Net is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. You are encouraged to read the privacy policy of such websites prior to providing personal information. These links are not an endorsement of these external websites or the values or opinions expressed therein. Should you visit these external websites, you will then be under the terms of service and privacy policy maintained by the sites/owners.
POSTINGS AND PUBLIC FORUMS
Care Net maintains the right to monitor and censor the content of postings within our online affiliate forum and any other forum. Care Net cannot, however, ensure privacy for any personal information that is disclosed online in such a forum. Any information you provide in such a forum will be publicly accessible and could be collected and used by others. Care Net strictly prohibits and is not liable for breaches of confidentiality that make take place within its forums. Care Net will fully accommodate requests from authorities related to the content of illegal postings.
SECURITY
All transactions involving sensitive data done through this website are secured using a SSL encryption to protect sensitive data transmissions from your computer to our website. Care Net may use software to verify your address to avoid session hijacking hacking attempts or other attacks.
CORRECTING, DELETING, AND DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may access, adjust, remove your personal information, or deactivate your user registration or account by contacting Care Net at 703.554.8734.
CHANGES
Care Net maintains the right to adjust or change these Terms and Conditions at any time and asks that you check this policy for updates.
Affiliates
Conference
Store
Donate
Pregnancy Centers
Find a Pregnancy Center
What is a Pregnancy Center?
Care Net Affiliation
Center Insights Blog
Rate My Center Tool
Affiliate Login
Center Jobs
Service Providers & Vendors
For Your Church
Making Life Disciples
Churches Blog
FREE Resources
About
About Us
History
Why Donate?
Newsroom
Staff
Board of Directors
Financial Info
Jobs
Contact Us
Request Speaker
Conference
September 8-11, 2020Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin ResortOrlando, Fl
Support Care net
Why Donate
Financial Info
Planned Giving
Ways to Give
Volunteer
MORE
Store
Blogs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
PREGNANT? NEED HELP?
Find a Pregnancy Center
Pregnancy Decision Line
44180 Riverside Parkway Suite 200 Lansdowne, Virginia 20176 P: 703.554.8734 F: 703.554.8735Donor relations: 1-800-518-7909
info@care-net.org
© 2015 Care Net. All Rights Reserved.
Store
Friend