http://www.furnishloans.com/privacy-policy.html
HOME
HOME
About Us
How It Works
Apply Now
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Apply Now
Online Loan Application
We offer a free online application form that is easy to fill out
Fast Approval Process
Lenders from our wide network approve you in a matter of minutes
Sameday Cash
The loan is deposited into your bank account on the next business day
Privacy Policy
This document,
otherwise known as our Privacy policy mentions all our policies in relation to
collection of user data, its use and future distribution. The document mentions
in detail about how you can choose to restrict the ways in in which your
information is used. This document also serves as a medium of requesting your
acknowledgement about the validity and legality of information provided by
users on this website.
Our privacy
policy is guided by the OLA principles in order to establish a relationship
based on trust with our customers and the network of lenders associated with
us. By agreeing to adhere to the OLA principles, we make sure that we are
treating our customers and lenders with respect and do not engage in any
illegal or abusive collection practices.
Whenever you
engage with is in availing any service provided by us or consider buying one of
our products, it is expected that read this ‘Privacy Policy’ in entirety and
agree with all the clauses mentioned here forth. Any losses incurred by the
customer or any inconvenience caused as a result of misreading this document
would be entirely the user’s liability and FurnishLoans.com, associated
parties, vendors and lender would not be held responsible for the same. It is
also expected that a user agrees with all the clauses mentioned in this
document before engaging with us in any form of business. If you do not agree
with any clause mention, it is requested that you do not consider availing any
of our service or products.
In case you have
any questions about the clauses mentioned in this document, you can contact us
through the details provided in the ‘Contact Us’ section
.
About FurnishLoans.com
We own the
website reached through the domain FurnishLoans.com in its entirety. In this
document, FurnishLoans.com may be referred to as ‘site’, ‘website’, ‘our’, ‘we’
or ‘us’.  We maintain a record of all
customers providing us their details. This record is only shared with
businesses in case the customer providing the information has displayed any
interest in availing any product or service offered by the business. Through
this service provided by us, we serve as a link between our wide network of
lenders and our customers who are interested in availing a short term loan.
When you provide
us with any information through the forms available on the website or through
other means, you are giving us your consent to share this information with our
network of lenders or distribute the information in order to provide our
customers with the services or products that they have shown interest in. We
may work with various third party vendors in order to promote this website
through legal marketing methods including internet marketing methodologies.
FurnishLoans.com
reserves the right to purchase user information about customers who have shown
interest in similar products and services offered by us.
FurnishLoans.com
reserves the right to reach out to our customers through postal mail,
telephone, e-mail or text message in case a customer has consented to be
contacted by one of the above mentioned communication methods. The consent for
this communication is provided while providing customer information to us or to
our affiliate or vendor websites. Only those customers are sent these
promotional communications who have consented to receive such promotions. The
customer has the right to opt out of all communication from us at any time. On
receiving an opt-out request, we remove the user information from our records
and request our affiliates to do the same. FurnishLoans.com would only ensure
the removal of such information from its records and from the records of the
affiliates who were provided this information by us and not from the records of
an affiliate who provided us with this information.
Our Purpose
FurnishLoans.com
exists with the purpose of connecting our customers with our wide network of
lenders.  We do not own any product or
service being provided through our website. All short term loans and related
services are provided by our network of lenders and the services are governed
by the terms and conditions laid out by the lender proving the service in
addition to the terms and conditions laid out by us. The terms and conditions
specified by the lender would be communicated to the customer at the time of
making the final offer. FurnishLoans.com or its associated affiliates or
lenders would not be held responsible for any inconvenience or loss caused as a
result of misreading the terms and conditions laid out by us or the lender
giving the final offer.
Costs Associated with Short Term Loans
It is the
responsibility of the customer to stay informed about the costs associated with
a short term loan. Short term loans have greater interest rates associated as
compared to traditional loans because of prompt disbursement and absence of
credit check. In case you user wishes to obtain detailed information about the
interest rates governing short term loans, he or she can directly contact the
Consumer Federation of America, the group responsible for performing calculation
comparing short term loans.
Underage Users
FurnishLoans.com,
its associated affiliate, vendors and lenders never knowingly collect
information from visitors less than 18 years of age. We do not hold any
liability of loss or inconvenience being caused due to an underage submitting
his or her information or impersonating someone while providing information on
this website. We would not be held responsible for any legalities arising due
to the same.
User Privacy
FurnishLoans.com
understands that all information provided by you through our website is of
great sensitivity. All information collected by us through this website or any
other method would only be used for providing you the services or products that
you showed interest in. All such information would only be shared with our
network of lenders or our affiliate. This information is never sold to any
third party for facilitating any other business. This holds true for both our
present and our former customers.
At
FurnishLoans.com we work towards making our customers feel safe and secure.
Business transactions carried out when a customer feels secure are always
successful. This document, the ‘Privacy Policy’ exists with the purpose of
information our customers about the ways in which the information provide by
them is shared or stored. In order to protect your privacy, we expect that all
visitors, registered or guest agree with all clauses mentioned in this privacy
policy. All visitors not in agreement with any clause mentioned in this
document are politely requested to exit this website immediately.
Collection of User Information and Intended Use
FurnishLoans.com
collects information from present and prospective customers in order to provide
them with services or products that they have previously shown interest in or
may be of interest to them. We also store in information of former customers
and visitors in order to provide them with promotional communication in case
they have requested for such a communication. All information asked by us is
not compulsory and the user has the right to not provide such information.
However, in order to provide you with suitable products and services
information like your name, contact details, residential address, credit
scores, amount of loan requested to be loaned, employer details and a suitable
time to contact you.
In order to
facilitate analysis of our website traffic, FurnishLoans.com may also collect
additional information including the user IP address, browser being used to
access the website, the method through which you visited the website, the time
when you visited the website and the duration for which you stayed on the
website. This information is in no way treated as your permission for sending
news letters or promotions. All this data is collected with the sole purpose of
improving the way our website is structured and to offer our users with a
better experience of working with us. Such information may be shared with our
Third Party vendors in order to carry out the analysis.
Opting out of communications
You may opt out
of receiving new letters and promotional communications from us at any time.
Please contact us through the details provided in the ‘Contact Us’ section in
order to opt out from our communications. In order to terminate all such
communication and remove your record from our databases, we would need 8-10
business days. All our communications are beneficial for our customers, former,
present and prospective and we would advise you against opting out. However,
the final decision rests with the customer and a customer reserves a right to
do so in case the customer feels that the communications are no longer of any
use for them.
Distributing user information
FurnishLoans.com,
its associated affiliate, parties or vendors never sell your personal information.
Your personal information is only shared with our affiliates when it is
necessary in order to provide you with the products and services that you have
shown interest in or that would be useful to you. Such affiliates would only
use your information in order to fulfil their obligations and not for any
unethical purpose.
However, there are certain other cases in which we
would have to share your information. All such situations are enlisted here
forth:
In case you have provided us
with your consent to share your information with other third parties.
When we are required to share
this information by law. For example when we have been subpoenaed to do so.
In order to facilitate
investigation of factual or alleged fraud.
When we feel that it is necessary
to do so in order to protect your rights, to ensure your safety or to protect
our rights and interests.
In case there is a change of
ownership and FurnishLoans.com, when we are being acquired, merged or being
sold to another company. The same holds true when we are acquiring or taking
over another company. All such information would be available on our website.
In case you have opted to receive communication from us, all such information
would be communicated to you through electronic means.
In case you wish
that your personal information is not shared with a third party, please contact
us through one of the methods available in the ‘Contact Us’ section.
Disclosure of information to our lenders
When you provide
FurnishLoans.com with your personal information, you are giving your permission
to be contacted by our lenders who can provide you with the products of
services you have shown interest in. All the information provided by you would
be provided to our network of lenders, who may in un turn use this information
to perform background check, employment verification etc.
Cookies and intended use
A cookie is
actually data stored on your computer by any website. A website can send
information to your computer and receive a response using these cookies. The
cookie is used for a number of purposes that include, analysis of website
traffic, authentication of a user, maintaining user session and identifying
user preferences. All visitors to our website have the right to reject all
cookies from our website. In case you choose to do so, we may not be able to
provide you with our full range of products and services. FurnishLoans.com
cannot be held liable for the limited products and services being offered in
case you have chosen to reject all cookies from our website.
Third Party Cookies and intended use
All cookies
being set on your computer by any third parties are not covered by the clauses
mentioned in this privacy policy. We do not use these third party cookies in
any pay to promote our business, nor do we use the information received through
these cookies.
Links to external websites
FurnishLoans.com
contains links to external websites. Our privacy policy does not cover these
external links. In the case that you opt to browse to one of these external
links through our website, you should make sure that you read the privacy
policies and terms and conditions available on such a website. Any loss or
inconvenience arising because of visiting an external link is the sole
responsibility of the user and FurnishLoans.com or its associated entities
cannot be held responsible for the same.
User Data Security
The security of
your provided information is of utmost importance for us. We take all steps
possible in order to ensure that your data is safe in our repositories and is
not poached by any unwanted parties. We use globally acclaimed and industry
recognized methodologies in order to protect your data. No information security
methodology is ever 100% secure and can never ensure 100% safety of your
information. In case you wish to know more about the security methodologies we
use in order to protect your data, please contact us through one of the methods
mentions in the ‘Contact Us’ section on this website.
Providing correct information
It is the user’s
responsibility to provide FurnishLoans.com with valid and up to date
information. Such information would help us in serving you in a better way. FurnishLoans.com,
our affiliates or associated lenders cannot be held responsible for any loss or
inconvenience being caused as a result of a user providing incomplete or
incorrect information. In case you wish to update the information already
provided to us, please contact us through one of the methods mentions in the
‘Contact Us’ section on this website.
Changes to Privacy Policy
FurnishLoans.com
reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. It is
the user’s responsibility to visit and review this privacy policy periodically.
FurnishLoans.com, our affiliates or associated lenders cannot be held responsible
for any loss or inconvenience being caused as a result of changes being made to
this policy.
Updates to the site
FurnishLoans.com
may at any time make changes to the site interface and ay products and services
being offered through us. All such changes are intended to improve the customer
experience and to provide you with better products and services. When you opt
out of promotional communications, you would continue to receive information
about our products and services. In case you do not wish to receive the same,
please deactivate your account completely.
Storing your information
All information
provided by you would be stored in our records. The information would continue
to exist in our records until a user wishes to completely deactivate his or her
account. In case you wish to deactivate your account or want your information
removed from our records, please contact us through one of the methods mentions
in the ‘Contact Us’ section on this website. After you make this communication,
FurnishLoans.com may use your information in order to settle any legal claims,
complaints or legal procedures.
In case you have
any questions on this Privacy Policy, you can reach out to us personally for
any clarifications through one of the methods mentions in the ‘Contact Us’
section on this website.
FurnishLoans.com,
its associated affiliates, parties and lenders follow this privacy policy and
it is expected that all visitors also agree with all clauses mentioned above.
Furnish Loans
940 E. Sahara Avenue ,
Las Vegas, ,
NV - 98684
http://www.furnishloans.com/apply-now.html
States or Cities where we offer :
Las Vegas
Texas
California
Ohio
Denver
Vancouver
New Jersey
Missouri
Connecticut
Alabama
Louisiana
Maryland
Hawaii
Colorado
Dakota
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google+
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Disclaimer :
FurnishLoans.com is not a lender and does not offer any short term loans. We connect our customers with our wide network of lenders. The decision of approving a short term loan requested by a customer rests with the lenders and not with FurnishLoans.com. We do not in any way determine the final amount that the customer would receive, the interest rates that would be charged and the final amount payable by the customer. FurnishLoans.com does not carry out credit checks of any customer applying for a short term loan through us. FurnishLoans.com does not act as an agent of any lender, nor do we advise our customers to get their loan from a particular lender. All customers can hence compare the final offer they receive from different lenders and choose an offer accordingly.
All customers who wish to receive a short term loan should apply for the same through our simple online form. Once we have all the details, we would send them to our network of lenders. After our lenders our satisfied with the information provided by you, they would make you an offer. The offer would contain all the terms and conditions attached to the loan along with the fee, interest rates and the final amount payable. If you are satisfied with the offer, you can accept the offer by providing your electronic signature. The electronic signature would be legally binding. After providing your signature, the lender would transfer the loan amount to your bank account. FurnishLoans.com or its associated lenders never put our customers under any obligation to accept an offer. In case you are not satisfied with the offer, you can choose to reject it. FurnishLoans.com exists to connect our customers with our network of lenders and is in no way responsible for the terms and conditions set by the lender.
Some lenders in our network may choose to carry out the customer’s credit check. There are a number of bureaus through which this check can be conducted; however, our lenders try to carry out the credit check through a bureau that does not impact your credit scores in any way. The check is merely to ensure that you do not have any default or outstanding loans on your name.
The content of the website along with this document may be changed at any time and FurnishLoans.com reserves the right to do so. We do not ensure that a lender would accept your application and would eventually make you an offer. Since we are not responsible for setting the terms and conditions of the loan, it is the customer’s responsibility to understand all the conditions set out by the lender along with the downfall of taking a short term loan. Short term loans are in no way a solution to long pending credits and are only a solution to handle emergency financial needs. If you have been taking loans since a long time or have not been in a stable financial position, we recommend that you consult a financial counselor.
All communications and transactions that occur between us and our customers are subject to our local jurisdiction. Due to certain state regulations, we would not be able to offer short term loans in some states. Please visit your local state regulations website to understand the regulations pertaining to short term loans in your area.
HOME
Apply Now
Privacy Policy
Responsible Lending Policy
© Copyright 2014 FurnishLoans | Powered by FurnishINC