https://www.ucp-li.org/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
United Cerebral Palsy Association of Long Island (UCP of Long Island) respects the privacy of all individuals who contacts us. In our commitment to safeguard your privacy, we have adopted the online privacy policy outlined below.
Collection and use of information
We, via a third party or direct, collect two kinds of information, site usage data, which is not individually identifiable, and individually identifiable information.
Site usage data
We collect information about visitors to our site, such as the number of visitors, what pages they access, and the length of their visit. This information is used in aggregate form in order to manage our Web site and improve its content.
Individually identifiable information
We collect individually identifiable information about you when you choose to share information, for example, when you complete the guest form, when you make a donation, request information or respond to an employment advertisement.
Individually identifiable information is used to provide you with information requested. If you provide your postal address, telephone number or e-mail address to UCP of Long Island online, you may receive periodic contacts from us.
If you would like to change the way we contact you or have your name removed from our contacts please e-mail us at info@ucp-li.org.
At certain parts of some of our site, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to use tools or otherwise participate in the site’s activities and offerings.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit some Web pages or fill out forms such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows ’95 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
Community Tools
Some portions of our site provide special services and offer interactive tools that allow users to upload information for sharing with others. In some cases, users can share experiences, give advice and connect with others. Please remember that chat rooms, message boards and personal pages are public forums and personal information disclosed there will be seen by others. In addition, please exercise caution when posting information or providing information about yourself to others, especially contact information, such as street address, telephone number or e-mail address.
Cookies
We use a technology https://onhealthy.net called a “cookie” to recognize you when you return to our site. Cookies help make your visit more convenient and enjoyable, however, if you wish, you may direct your browser to reject cookies.
Sharing Information with Others
UCP of Long Island does not make our constituent mailing addresses or any other information available to any other nonprofit or commercial organization.
E-mail and Other Communications
We occasionally send out e-mails and direct mail communications to site visitors to highlight news, information and opportunities available from UCP of Long Island. You can elect not to receive communications from us by e-mailing us at info@ucp-li.org.
Links to Other Sites
Our site provides links to other Web sites where you can find out additional information. Please note that we are not responsible for the information practices of linked sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of each site you visit.
Children Online
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we adhere to the 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). (For more information, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA site at http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html.) Whenever we collect or maintain information at our Web site from those we actually know are under 13, we obtain parental consent before any personally identifiable information is collected, used or disclosed. We also follow strict rules when sending e-mail; and we provide parents reasonable access to information collected from their children, and the ability to correct or remove that information.
Security
In order to prevent unauthorized access and protect our users’ personal information, we strive to maintain physical, electronic and administrative safeguards to secure the information we collect online. For example, online contributions are processed using the highly secure services of PayPal (https://www.paypal.com/).
Privacy Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to review our policy from time to time.
Questions or Concerns
Whenever you have any questions or concerns, please contact us through any medium you prefer. Your complete satisfaction in dealing with UCP of Long Island is important to us. If you have questions about UCP of Long Island’s privacy practices described above, please send an e-mail message to info@ucp-li.org. Thank you
Back to top
Enter Your Keyword
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Close