http://www.crnusa.org/legal-disclaimer
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy policy terms use and legal disclaimer
Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and Legal Disclaimer
COUNCIL FOR RESPONSIBLE NUTRITION (CRN) PRIVACY POLICY
COUNCIL FOR RESPONSIBLE NUTRITION (CRN) TERMS OF USE
COUNCIL FOR RESPONSIBLE NUTRITION (CRN) EVENT CODE OF CONDUCT
COUNCIL FOR RESPONSIBLE NUTRITION (CRN) PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated and Effective: November 13, 2020
The Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN) is the leading trade association for the dietary supplement and functional food industry. CRN respects your privacy.  This policy explains what personal information we collect on our website (www.crnusa.org), through our event registration portal, and through our app CRN Connect (our “Services”) and how we use and share that information. This policy may change from time to time. When we revise this privacy policy, we will update the effective date listed above. Your continued use of our Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect
We collect information from you directly when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate our Services, and indirectly from third-parties sources, such as our member organizations.  The information we collect may include the following:
Name and Contact Data, such your first name, last name, job title, company name, address, your email address, phone number.
Demographic and Profile Data, such as your age, gender, preferred language, interactions with our member services, feedback, and survey responses.
Credentials, such as login information (username and password).
Technical Data, including internet protocol (“IP”) address, cookies, web beacons, clear gifs, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our Services.
Usage Data, such as information about how you use our Services (for example time of day, duration of visit, pages visited, actions taken on pages, or other automatically collected meta-data), and/or our products and services.
How We Use Information
We use the information that we collect about you to:
Provide you our Services.
Improve our Services, develop new offerings and perform analytics.
Personalize your experience when utilizing our Services.
Respond to your questions, comments, and requests for information.
Process your conference, webinar, or event registration and provide you with information related to your participation in the conference, webinar or event.
Send you emails and other material, from time to time, that CRN believes may be of interest to you regarding other CRN products and services:
- You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time using the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of CRN email
Communicate with you about your account or membership.
Notify you about changes to our Services.
Protect the security and integrity of our Services.
Protect our rights and property.
Comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, or for any other purpose with your consent.
How We Share Your Information
We may share your information for the purposes listed above with:
Our members.
Vendors or third-party service providers that support us in providing Services.
Conference, webinar or event attendees and sponsors.  Attendees may access your public profile information or contact you via our Services. Sponsors may use your information in connection with your attendance conference, webinar or event.  The sponsor may also contact you about its products and services.  If you have any questions about third party sponsors with whom your information may be shared for a specific conference, webinar, or event, please contact webmaster@crnusa.org.
Law enforcement or regulatory agencies, if required to do so by law or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
Other entities in connection with the sale, merger, acquisition or other reorganization of our organization.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
If you set up an account on our Services, you may login and access, correct or delete the information associated with your account.
Cookies
Our Services use “cookies” (a small, unique identifier text file) and tracking technology to help us gather information such as browser type and operating system; whether you accessed this website through a third-party link; and the number of visitors to this website and how visitors use this website.  This information allows us to better understand how people use this website and improves its features.
If you prefer, you may opt out of the cookies by modifying your browser setting to decline cookies.  However, if you use your browser settings to block certain cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our Services.
Children’s Information
Our Services, its products, and services are not directed toward children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites
Our Services may contain links to other websites.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these linked websites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these sites before providing any personal information.
Security
We have taken appropriate security measures to safeguard your personal data by implementing reasonable technical and physical security measures based on the type of data we process. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Do Not Track
Our website does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
________________
European Union and United Kingdom Residents’ Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) or the United Kingdom (UK), you may have certain additional rights, as detailed below.  For purposes of this notice, “personal data” has the meaning ascribed in the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
What Legal Bases Do We Use to Process Your Information?
To process your personal data for conference, webinar, and other event registration, we rely on the following legal bases:
For the performance of a contract we have with you where you have registered for a conference, webinar, or other event.
Your consent, where you have expressly provided us with consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal data.
For compliance with legal obligation to which we are subject (such as tax obligations and when we are obliged to comply with lawful requests from competent authorities such as law enforcement).
For the purposes of our legitimate interest (such as tailoring your experience on our website or during the conference, webinar, or other event), provided that such processing does not outweigh your rights and freedoms.
The processing may also be pursuant to other applicable legal bases for data processing.  To the extent that a legal ground described above would not apply to processing of your personal data, we will seek your consent for such specific purpose in accordance with applicable law.
What Are Your Rights as an EU or UK Resident?
To the extent a specific element of our processing of your personal data relies upon your consent, you may withdraw such consent at any time with future effect.  Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the consent withdrawal.
If you wish to object to the processing of your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you directly, please send your request to webmaster@crnusa.org.
Additional Data Privacy Rights:  Below please find information on additional rights you may have under applicable law:
Access: You may request that we confirm whether we are processing your personal data.  If we are, you may request a copy of your personal data, which we will provide free of charge, together with information about the processing, such as the purposes of the processing and the categories of personal data concerned.  However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of access.  For further copies, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.  We may decline requests which are excessive, particularly if repetitive.
Rectification: You may edit some of your personal data or ask us to change, update, or fix your personal data in certain cases, particularly if it is inaccurate.
Erasure: You may request the erasure of your personal data.
Restrict Processing: You may ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances, such as if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held.
Data Portability: You may ask for a copy of your personal data you provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit this data to another entity.
Object: You may object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation under certain circumstances, for example for direct marketing.  If you have a right to object and you exercise this right, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes by us, unless there are overriding compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or as otherwise provided under applicable law.
Please note that these rights may be limited under applicable laws.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, to complete any transactions that you began prior to your request, or for other purposes as required or permitted by applicable law.
Data Transfer
We are a global organization with members located world-wide.  Your personal information may be transferred outside the EU or the UK to the US or another country.  These countries may not have equivalent data protection laws.  When you submit personal information using our Services, your information, with your consent to this policy, may be transferred to another country.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at webmaster@crnusa.org.
COUNCIL FOR RESPONSIBLE NUTRITION (CRN) TERMS OF USE
Last Updated and Effective: November 13, 2020
These Website and Mobile Sites Terms of Use (Terms of Use) apply to the Council for Responsible Nutrition (CRN) Websites and Mobile Sites (Sites). CRN offers the Sites to you conditioned upon your acceptance of these terms and conditions.  Your use of any Sites constitutes your acceptance to these Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to abide by these Terms of Use, you must immediately terminate your use of the Sites.
CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE
CRN may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in its sole discretion.  All changes are effectively immediately once they are posted to the Sites.  Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of revised Terms of Use constitutes your acceptance and agreement to the changes.
LIMITED USE LICENSE
Subject to the terms of this Terms of Use, CRN grants you a limited, non-exclusive, and nontransferable license to:
(a)   download, install, and use the information and documents (Content) contained on the Sites for your personal, non-commercial use, and (b) access, stream, download, and use the Content made available in or otherwise accessible through the Sites, strictly in accordance with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, which are incorporated herein by this reference.
Except as expressly permitted by these Terms of Use, you shall not:
(a) copy the Sites; (b) modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create derivative works or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Sites; (c) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the Sites or any part thereof; (d) remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices from the Sites, including any copy thereof; (e) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the Sites, or any features or functionality of the Sites, to any third party for any reason, including by making the Sites available on a network where it is capable of being accessed by more than one device at any time; or (f)  remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy protection, rights management, or security features in or protecting the Sites.
You acknowledge and agree that the Sites are provided under license, and not sold, to you. You do not acquire any ownership interest in the Sites under this Terms of Use, or any other rights thereto other than to use the Sites in accordance with the license granted, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions, under this Terms of Use.
Trademarks, names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on the Sites are trademarks of CRN, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, or other third parties.  Nothing herein or on the Sites shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or service mark displayed on the Sites without the owner’s prior written permission.  The Sites and all of their content, including, but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces and code, and the selection and arrangement thereof, are each protected as a compilation under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries.  CRN, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers (as applicable) reserve, and shall retain, their entire right, title, and interest in and to the Sites, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights therein or relating thereto.
THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS
The Sites may display, include, or make available third-party content (including data, information, and other products, services, and/or materials) or provide links to third-party websites or services, including through third-party advertising (“Third-Party Materials”). You acknowledge and agree that CRN is not responsible for Third-Party Materials, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, or any other aspect thereof. CRN does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Materials. Third-Party Materials and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you, and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties’ terms and conditions.
INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SITES
The Content on these Sites are intended for general educational and informational purposes only, do not constitute medical or legal advice, and are not intended to be a substitute for the advice of a physician, attorney or other licensed professional. CRN makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Content, and in no event shall CRN or its employees be liable for any damage of any kind resulting from the viewing or use of the Content. References to any specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, do not constitute any standard set or enforced in any way by CRN or imply any endorsement or recommendation by CRN.
USER ACCOUNT REGISTRATION
Some features that may be available on the Sites require you to register an account with CRN.  By registering an account with, and in consideration of your use of, any of the Sites you agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself.  Some features on the Sites may require use of a password.  You alone are responsible for protecting your password.  You agree that you alone will be responsible for any and all statements made, and acts or omissions that occur, through the use of your registered account, whether by you or an authorized or unauthorized user of your registered account, and that CRN will have no liability therefor.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE SITES IS PROVIDED TO END USER “AS IS” AND WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, CRN, ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITATION TO THE FOREGOING, CRN PROVIDES NO WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING, AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND THAT THE SITES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULTS, BE COMPATIBLE, OR WORK WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE, SITES, SYSTEMS, OR SERVICES, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, MEET ANY PERFORMANCE OR RELIABILITY STANDARDS, OR BE ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATIONS ON THE APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL CRN OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES OR THE CONTENT AND SERVICES FOR:
(a)  PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOST PROFITS, COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
(b)  DIRECT DAMAGES IN AMOUNTS THAT IN THE AGGREGATE EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SITES.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE OR CRN WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless CRN and its officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, successors, and assigns from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from or relating to your use or misuse of the Sites or your breach of this Terms of Use, including but not limited to the content you submit or make available through this Sites.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of this Terms of Use is illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the provision will be amended to achieve as closely as possible the effect of the original term and all other provisions of this Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
GOVERNING LAW
This Terms of Use is governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the District of Columbia without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or related to this Terms of Use or the Sites shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the District of Columbia. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
ENTIRE TERMS OF USE
This Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire Terms of Use between you and CRN with respect to the Sites and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings and Terms of Uses, whether written or oral, with respect to the Sites.
WAIVER
No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part of either party, any right or any power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise of that or any other right hereunder. In the event of a conflict between this Terms of Use and any applicable purchase or other terms, the terms of this Terms of Use shall govern.
COUNCIL FOR RESPONSIBLE NUTRITION (CRN) EVENT CODE OF CONDUCT
Last Updated and Effective: November, 13, 2020
CRN is committed to providing a safe, productive, and welcoming environment for all meeting participants and CRN staff. All participants, including, but not limited to, attendees, speakers, volunteers, exhibitors, CRN staff members, service providers, and all others are expected to abide by this Event Code of Conduct.
CRN has zero-tolerance for any form of discrimination or harassment, including but not limited to sexual harassment by participants or our staff at our meetings. If you experience harassment or hear of any incidents of unacceptable behavior, CRN asks that you inform Sandra Khouri, CRN Senior Vice President, Finance & Administration, skhouri@crnusa.org, 202-204-7673, so that we can take the appropriate action.
Unacceptable Behavior is defined as:
Harassment, intimidation, or discrimination in any form.
Verbal or written abuse of any attendee, speaker, volunteer, exhibitor, CRN staff member, service provider, or other meeting guest.
Examples of  abuse include, but are not limited to, comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, political affiliation, national origin, inappropriate use of nudity and/or sexual images in public spaces or in presentations, or threatening or stalking any attendee, speaker, volunteer, exhibitor, CRN staff member, service provider, or other meeting guest.
Disruption of presentations during sessions or at other events organized by CRN throughout the meeting. All participants must comply with the instructions of the moderator and any CRN event staff.
Presentations, postings, and messages should not contain promotional materials, special offers, job offers, product announcements, or solicitation for services. CRN reserves the right to remove such messages and potentially ban sources of those solicitations.
Participants should not copy, take screen shots, or video of presentations, Q&A, any chat room activity, or other activity that takes place in the event space. Video recordings of the presentations and presentation slides will be made available to you as noted in each meeting description.
CRN reserves the right to take any action deemed necessary and appropriate, including immediate removal from the meeting without warning or refund, in response to any incident of unacceptable behavior, and CRN reserves the right to prohibit attendance at any future meeting, virtually or in person.