http://www.rdaa.com.au/privacy-policy
Member Login
Username
Password
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rural Doctors Association of Australia is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Rural Doctors Association of Australia has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Rural Doctors Association of Australia
Rural Doctors Association of Australia does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from the registration process for subscription or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., forums), suggestions and transactional areas.
Personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings and/or any third parties.
Further, notwithstanding any opt out of promotional information by the user, we reserve the right to contact a subscriber regarding account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected.
We do reserve the right to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners.
Upon request, we will allow any user to "opt out" of further promotional contacts at any time.
Additionally upon request, we will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update/correct personal information previously submitted which the user states is erroneous to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletions.
Access to the database containing personal information is restricted to Rural Doctors Association of Australia staff members with direct responsibility for customer service or management of the website. Authorised staff members are not allowed to pass on information about members to non-authorised staff without the express permission of the Managing Director.
Rural Doctors Association of Australia reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
1. You can send email to office@rdaa.com.au
2. You can call the following telephone number: 02 6239 7730
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact :
Rural Doctors Association of Australia
PO Box 3636, MANUKA ACT 2603
Telephone: 02 6239 7730
Fax:
Email: office@rdaa.com.au