http://www.gro-md.com/privacy.php
Home
Privacy policy
Quick links
Patient portal
Make an appointment
Refill your medication
Contact your provider
Our office locations
Pay your bill
Read our reviews
Urgent care
New patient registration
New patient intake form
Privacy policy
This notice describes how your medical information may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to that information.
Please review this notice carefully.
Our commitment to privacy
This Practice is committed to maintaining the privacy of your protected health information (“PHI”), which includes information about your medical condition and the care and treatment you receive. This Notice describes how your PHI may be used and disclosed by this Practice. This Notice also describes your rights regarding your PHI.
How we may use and disclose your medical information
The Practice may use and disclose your PHI for purposes related to your care, payment for your care, and health care operations of the Practice. The following are examples of such uses and disclosures, and are not meant to include all possible types of uses and disclosures.
For Care – The Practice will provide your PHI to those health care professionals, whether on the Practice’s staff or not, directly involved in your care so that they may understand your medical condition and needs and provide advice or treatment to you (e.g., a specialist or laboratory). For example, a physician treating you for a condition such as arthritis may need to know what medications have been prescribed for you by the medical providers in this Practice.
For Payment – In order to get paid for the health care provided by the Practice, the Practice will send your PHI to appropriate third party payors, such as your insurance carrier.
For Health Care Operations – In order for the Practice to provide quality and efficient care to you, it may be necessary for us to compile, use and disclose your PHI for health care operations purposes. For example, the Practice may use your PHI in order to monitor the performance of the physicians providing treatment to you.
When an authorization is not required
The Practice may use and/or disclose your PHI, without a written Authorization from you, in the following instances:
De-identified Information – Your PHI is amended so that it does not identify you and, even without your name, cannot be used to identify you.
Business Associate – To a business associate, which is someone who the Practice contracts with to provide a service necessary for the operations of the Practice (e.g., billing service). The Practice will require all business associates to appropriately safeguard your PHI.
Personal Representative – To a person who, under applicable law, has the authority to represent you in making decisions related to your health care.
Public Health Activities – Such activities include, for example, information collected by a public health authority to prevent or control disease, injury or disability. This includes reports of child abuse or neglect.
Food and Drug Administration – If required by the Food and Drug Administration to report adverse events, product defects or problems or biological product deviations, or to track products, or to enable product recalls, repairs or replacements, or to conduct post marketing surveillance.
Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence – To a government authority if the Practice is required by law to make such disclosure. If the Practice is authorized by law to make such a disclosure, it will do so if it believes that the disclosure is necessary to prevent serious harm or if the Practice believes that you have been the victim of abuse, neglect or domestic violence. Any such disclosure will be made in accordance with the requirements of law, which may also involve notice to you of the disclosure.
Health Oversight Activities – Such activities, which must be required by law, involve government agencies involved in oversight activities that relate to the health care system, government benefit programs, government regulatory programs and civil rights law. Those activities include criminal investigations, audits, disciplinary actions, or general oversight activities relating to the community’s health care system.
Judicial and Administrative Proceeding – For example, the Practice may be required to disclose your PHI in response to a court order or subpoena.
Law Enforcement Purposes – Your PHI may have to be disclosed to a law enforcement official for law enforcement purposes including:
complying with a legal process (i.e., subpoena) or as required by law;
information for identification and location purposes (e.g., suspect or missing person);
information regarding a person who is or is suspected to be a crime victim;
in situations where the death of an individual may have resulted from criminal conduct;
in the event of a crime occurring on the premises of the Practice; and
a medical emergency (not on the Practice’s premises) has occurred, and it appears that a crime has occurred.
Coroner or Medical Examiner – The Practice may disclose your PHI to a coroner or medical examiner for the purpose of identifying you or determining your cause of death, or to a funeral director as permitted by law and as necessary to carry out its duties.
Organ, Eye or Tissue Donation – If you are an organ donor, the Practice may disclose your PHI to the facility to whom you have agreed to donate your organs.
Research – If the Practice is involved in research activities, your PHI may be used, but such use is subject to numerous governmental requirements intended to protect the privacy of your PHI, such as approval of the research by an institutional review board and the requirement that protocols must be followed.
Avert a Threat to Health or Safety – The Practice may disclose your PHI if it believes that such disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of a person or the public and the disclosure is to an individual who is reasonably able to prevent or lessen the threat.
Specialized Government Functions – When the appropriate conditions apply, the Practice may use PHI of individuals who are Armed Forces personnel:
for activities deemed necessary by appropriate military command authorities;
for the purpose of a determination by the Department of Veteran Affairs of eligibility for benefits;
or to a foreign military authority if you are a member of that foreign military service.
The Practice may also disclose your PHI to authorized federal officials for conducting national security and intelligence activities including the provision of protective services to the President or others legally authorized.
Inmates – The Practice may disclose your PHI to a correctional institution or a law enforcement official if you are an inmate of that correctional facility and your PHI is necessary to provide care and treatment to you or is necessary for the health and safety of other individuals or inmates.
Workers’ Compensation – If you are involved in a Workers’ Compensation claim, the Practice may be required to disclose your PHI to an individual that is part of the Workers’ Compensation system.
Disaster Relief Efforts – The Practice may use or disclose your PHI to a public or private entity authorized to assist in disaster relief efforts.
Required by Law – If otherwise required by law, but such use or disclosure will be made in compliance with the law and limited to the requirements of the law.
Authorization
Uses and disclosures, other than those described above, will be made only with your written Authorization, which you may revoke at any time.
Sign-in sheet
The Practice may use a sign-in sheet at the registration desk. The Practice may also call your name in the waiting room when your physician is ready to see you.
Appointment reminder
The Practice may contact you to provide appointment reminders. The reminder may be in the form of a letter or postcard. The Practice will try to minimize the amount of information contained in the reminder. The Practice may also contact you by phone and, if you are not available, the Practice will leave a message for you.
Treatment alternative / benefits
The Practice may contact you about treatment alternatives, or other health benefits or services that may be of interest to you.
Marketing
The Practice may only use and disclose your PHI for marketing activities if we obtain from you a prior written Authorization. “Marketing” activities include communications to you that encourage you to purchase or use a product or service, and the communication is not made for your care or treatment. However, marketing does not include, for example, sending you a newsletter about this Practice. Marketing also includes the receipt by the Practice of remuneration, directly or indirectly, from a third party whose product or service is being marketed to you. The Practice will inform you if it engages in marketing and will obtain your prior Authorization.
Fundraising
The Practice may use and disclose some of your PHI in order to contact you for fundraising activities supportive of the Practice. Any fundraising materials sent to you will describe how you may voluntarily choose not to receive any further communications.
On-call coverage
In order to provide on-call coverage for you, it is necessary that the Practice establish relationships with other physicians who will take your call if a physician from the Practice is not available. Those on-call physicians will provide the Practice with whatever PHI they create and will keep your PHI confidential.
Family and friends involved in your care
The Practice may disclose to your family member, other relative, a close personal friend, or any other person identified by you, your PHI directly relevant to such person’s involvement with your care or the payment for your care. The Practice may also use or disclose your PHI to notify or assist in the notification (including identifying or locating) of a family member, a personal representative, or another person responsible for your care, of your location, general condition or death. However, the following conditions will apply:
You must agree to such uses or disclosures, or the Practice provides you with opportunity to object and you do not object, or the Practice can reasonably infer from the circumstances, based on the exercise of its judgment, that you do not object to the use or disclosure.
If you are not present, the Practice will, in the exercise of its judgment, determine whether the use or disclosure is in your best interests and, if so, disclose only the PHI that is directly relevant to the person’s involvement with your care.
Your health information rights
You have the right to:
Revoke any Authorization, in writing, at any time. To request a revocation, you must submit a written request to the Practice’s Privacy Officer.
Request restrictions on the uses and disclosures of your PHI. However, the Practice is not obligated to agree to any requested restrictions. To request restrictions, you must submit a written request to the Practice’s Privacy Officer. In your written request, you must inform the Practice of what information you want to limit, whether you want to limit the Practice’s use or disclosure, or both, and to whom you want the limits to apply. If the Practice agrees to your request, the Practice will comply with your request unless the information is needed in order to provide you with emergency treatment.
Receive confidential communications of PHI by alternative means or at alternative locations. You must make your request in writing to the Practice’s Privacy Officer. The Practice will accommodate all reasonable requests.
Inspect and copy your PHI as provided by law. To inspect and copy your PHI, you must submit a written request to the Practice’s Privacy Officer. In certain situations that are defined by law, the Practice may deny your request, but you will have the right to have the denial reviewed. The Practice can charge you a fee for the cost of copying, mailing or other supplies associated with your request.
Request an amendment of your PHI as provided by law. To request an amendment, you must submit a written request to the Practice’s Privacy Officer. You must provide a reason that supports your request. The Practice may deny your request if the information to be amended was not created by the Practice (unless the individual or entity that created the information is no longer available), if the information is not part of your PHI maintained by the Practice, if the information is not part of the information you would be permitted to inspect and copy, and/or if the information is accurate and complete. If you disagree with the Practice’s denial, you have the right to submit a written statement of disagreement.
Receive an accounting of disclosures of your PHI as provided by law. To request an accounting, you must submit a written request to the Practice’s Privacy Officer. The request must state a time period which may not be longer than six years and may not include dates before April 14, 2003. The request should indicate in what form you want the list (such as a paper or electronic copy). The first list you request within a 12 month period will be free, but the Practice may charge you for the cost of providing additional lists in that same 12 month period. The Practice will notify you of the costs involved and you can decide to withdraw or modify your request before any costs are incurred.
Receive a paper copy of this Privacy Notice from the Practice upon request to the Practice’s Privacy Officer.
Complain to the Practice, or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Office for Civil Rights, Region II, Jacob Javits Federal Building, 26 Federal Plaza, Suite 3312, New York, New York 10278. You may contact a regional office of the Office for Civil Rights, which can be found at https://www.hhs.gov/ocr/regmail.html. To file a complaint with the Practice, you must contact the Practice’s Privacy Officer. All complaints must be in writing.
To obtain more information on, or have your questions about your rights answered, you may contact the Practice’s Privacy Officer, Ms. Heidi Smith , at 585-295-5306.
Practice’s obligations
The Practice:
Is required by law to maintain the privacy of your PHI and to provide you with this Privacy Notice.
Is required to abide by the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Reserves the right to change the terms of this Privacy Notice and to make the new Privacy Notice provisions effective for all of your PHI that it maintains.
Will not retaliate against you for making a complaint.
Must make a good faith effort to obtain from you an acknowledgement of receipt of this Notice.
Will post this Privacy Notice on the Practice’s web site, if the Practice maintains a web site.
Will provide this Privacy Notice to you by e-mail if you so request. However, you also have the right to obtain a paper copy of this Privacy Notice.
Effective date
This revised notice is in effect as of 11/10/03. Original notice in effect 4/14/03.
Stock Photography Models
The persons shown in photographs on this website are stock photography models (Models) and are not actual patients of, nor are they affiliated with, Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC, Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC's direct and indirect parent companies, subsidiaries, or subsidiaries of its parent companies ("Affiliates"). Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC or Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC's Affiliates, have obtained the rights to use the photographs via license agreements with certain third party stock photography companies, and Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC or Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC's Affiliates use of the photographs is in compliance with the terms of those license agreements.
The photographs showing the Models are used on this website for illustrative purposes only. The Models do not personally endorse Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC, or any products, services, causes, or endeavors associated with, or provided by, Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC or any of Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC's Affiliates. The context in which the photographs are used on this website is not intended to reflect personally on any of the Models shown in the photographs. Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC, Greater Rochester Orthopaedics, PC's Affiliates, their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and/or independent contractors assume no liability for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to the use of the photographs showing the Models on this website.
Return to top