http://www.prevention.com/health/health-conditions/
Search
Subscribe
Premium Exclusives
Health
Novel Coronavirus
Sleep & Energy
Memory
Mental Health
Health Conditions
Condition Centers
Weight Loss
Diets
Fitness
Workouts
Workout Clothes & Gear
Sex
Relationships
Food & Nutrition
Healthy Eating
Recipes
Beauty
Skin Care
Makeup
Hair
Style
Life
Gifts
Newsletter
Follow
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Pinterest
About Prevention.com
Win
Shop Prevention Lamps
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Subscribe
Sign In
My Account
Sign Out
Type keyword(s) to search
Aug 30, 2019
Alex Trebek Says He Is “On the Mend” After Chemotherapy Treatments
The 79-year-old was diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer in March.
May 31, 2019
Doctors Aren’t Sure What Causes Lupus, But These Are the Possible Triggers
The autoimmune disease causes debilitating symptoms—and there’s no known cure.
May 22, 2019
These Sneaky Foods Could Be Damaging Your Heart
Man, there are some shockers in here.
Dec 3, 2020
Jessica Simpson Reveals She Has Dyslexia After Recording Her Audiobook “Without Hesitation”
The learning disability is more common than you’d think—here are the symptoms to know.
Dec 2, 2020
Not Your Daughter's Eating Disorder
Stress, crazy hormones and changing bodies, as well as the pressure to look youthful, are a setup for relapse or a brand new diagnosis.
Dec 2, 2020
Keke Palmer Reveals Her Acne Scars Due to PCOS in Unfiltered, Makeup-Free Photos
“I came to a doctor in tears once and all they offered was a measles vaccine...”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nov 25, 2020
Everything You Need to Know About Peanut Allergies
An overview of the causes, symptoms, and treatments for this potentially life-threatening allergy that impacts six million Americans.
Nov 19, 2020
5 Surprising Truths About Peanut Allergies You Need to Know
Want to do everything you can to protect yourself or a loved one? Read on.
Nov 18, 2020
“The Crown” Fans Are Divided Over the Depiction of Princess Diana’s Bulimia
“There’s a fine line between doing it responsibly and triggering people,” one expert says.
Nov 18, 2020
My Son Has a Life-Threatening Peanut Allergy. Here’s How We Manage It.
“Watching my son’s first allergic reaction was scary— you never really get over that.”
Nov 17, 2020
Eddie Van Halen’s Son Reveals His Father Was Given Just 6 Weeks to Live in 2017
But an “amazing” cancer treatment gave them three more years together.
Nov 16, 2020
When an Airline Served Nuts on My Flight, I Almost Died in Front of My Kids
Now I'm working to make sure the same thing won't happen to anyone else.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nov 16, 2020
Savannah Chrisley Reveals She’s Freezing Her Eggs Amid Endometriosis Battle
“Just because you have to do things a little different than some other women doesn’t mean that it’s any less special.”
Nov 14, 2020
I Almost Died From Toxic Shock Syndrome and It Had Nothing to Do With a Tampon
Warning: Graphic pics ahead.
Nov 13, 2020
Jeannie Mai’s Fiancé Opens Up About How She “Couldn’t Breathe” Before Epiglottitis Diagnosis
“The doctor immediately looked at her and told her, ‘You’re done with Dancing with the Stars.’”
Nov 12, 2020
My “Pulled Muscle” From Lifting Weights Turned out to Be a Sign of Male Breast Cancer
Before he knew it, Len Robertson was scheduled for a double mastectomy.
Nov 8, 2020
Spotting These Pancreatic Cancer Symptoms Could Save Your Life
Early detection is key to survival.
Nov 8, 2020
Alex Trebek’s Wife Jean Reveals the First Pancreatic Cancer Symptom She Noticed in Him
“It felt as if the bottom dropped out of my world.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Nov 6, 2020
Al Roker’s Slightly “Aggressive” Prostate Cancer Was Detected During a Routine Physical
“It was a diagnosis I didn’t expect.”
Nov 5, 2020
Michael J. Fox Says Parkinson’s Disease Is Impacting His Ability to Memorize Lines
“My short-term memory is shot.”
Nov 5, 2020
How to Tell If Your Nasty Cold Is Actually the Flu, According to Doctors
Learning the key differences will help you feel better faster.