https://www.desertaidsproject.org/about-us/client-privacy/
Client Privacy
Summary of Notice Privacy Practice
Click here to see the Client Bill of Rights
Your Rights: When it comes to your health information, you have certain rights.
Get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record
You can ask to see or get an electronic or paper copy of your medical record and other health information we have about you. Ask us how to do this.  We will provide a copy or a summary of your health information, usually within 15 days of your request. We may charge a reasonable, cost-based fee.
Ask us to correct your medical record
You can ask us to correct health information about you that you think is incorrect or incomplete. Ask us how to do this.  We may say “no” to your request, but we’ll tell you why in writing within 60 days.
Request confidential communications
You can ask us to contact you in a specific way (for example, home or office phone, email) or to send mail to a different address.  We will say “yes” to all reasonable requests.
Ask us to limit what we use or share
You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations.  We are not required to agree to your request, and we may say “no” if it would affect your care.
If you pay for a service or health care item out-of-pocket in full, you can ask us not to share that information for the purpose of payment or our operations with your health insurer.  We will say “yes” unless a law requires us to share that information.
Get a list of those with whom we’ve shared information
You can ask for a list (accounting) of the times we’ve shared your health information for six years prior to the date you ask, who we shared it with, and why.
Get a copy of this privacy notice
You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly.
Choose someone to act for you
If you have given someone medical power of attorney or if someone is your legal guardian, that person can exercise your rights and make choices about your health information.  We will make sure the person has this authority and can act for you before we take any action.
File a complaint if you feel your rights are violated
You can complain if you feel we have violated your rights by contacting us using the Privacy Officer contact below.
You can file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights by sending a letter to 200 Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 20201, calling 1-877-696-6775, or visiting www.hhs.gov/ocr/privacy/hipaa/complaints/.
We will not retaliate against you for filing a complaint.
For certain health information, you can tell Desert AIDS Project your choices about what we share.
If you have a clear preference for how we share your information in the situations described below, talk to us. Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions.
In these cases, you have both the right and choice to tell us to:
Share information with your family, close friends, or others involved in your care.
In these cases we never share your information unless you give us written permission:
Marketing purposes, sale of your information, and most sharing of psychotherapy notes.
In the case of fundraising:
We may contact you for fundraising efforts, but you can tell us not to contact you again.
Desert AIDS Project typically uses or shares your health information in the following ways.
Treat you
We can use your health information and share it with other professionals who are treating you.
Run our organization
We can use and share your health information to run our practice, improve your care, and contact you when necessary.
Bill for your services
We can use and share your health information to bill and get payment from health plans or other entities.
Help with public health and safety issues
We can use and share your health information to: Prevent disease, report
suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence, prevent or reduce a serious threat to anyone’s health or safety.
Do research
We can use or share your information for health research.
Comply with the law
We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it, including with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we’re complying with federal privacy law.
Work with a medical examiner or funeral director
We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when you die.
Address workers’ compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests
We can use or share health information about you: For workers’ compensation claims, For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official, With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law, For special government functions such as military, national security, and presidential protective services
Respond to lawsuits and legal actions
We can share health information about you in response to a court or administrative order, or in response to a subpoena.
We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your protected health information.
We will let you know promptly if a breach occurs that may have compromised the privacy or security of your information.
We will not use or share your information other than as described here unless you tell us we can in writing. If you tell us we can, you may change your mind at any time. Let us know in writing if you change your mind.
We must follow the duties and privacy practices described in this notice and give you a copy of it.
We can change the terms of this notice, and the new notice will be available upon request.
To receive a detailed copy of this Notice, you may contact Desert AIDS Project Health Information Management Department, at 1695 North Sunrise Way, Palm Springs, CA 92262, Notice of Privacy Practice Summary Effective Date 4/1/14
X