https://www.dialogues-cns.org/privacy-notice/
Privacy Policy
“SERVIER” or “We”, Les Laboratoires Servier, SAS – a simplified joint-stock company with a capital of 34 590 852 €, registered with the Trade and Companies’ Register of Nanterre under number 085 480 796, the head office of which is located at 50, rue Carnot – 92284 Suresnes – France – Tel: +33 (0)1 55 72 60 00.
We respect and value the privacy of everyone who uses the website, (hereinafter referred (to as “Our Site”) and only collect and use Personal Data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is compatible with our obligations and your rights under the law. This Privacy Policy only applies to your use of Our Site.
What data do we collect?
We may collect some or all of the following Personal Data from users of Our Site:
Data that you give to us through your use of the Contact space of Our Site: last name, first name, email address, medical specialty, city, country, evaluation form and questions and answers
Data that we collect automatically for statistical purposes using cookies: pages visited, dates and times of access, preferred content, operating system, type of browser used, type of hardware used, etc. It must be noted that our statistics cookies do not allow the personal identification of a natural person.
Google analytics:
Number of time user connects to websiteAverage time spent on the websiteNumber of visits per module and number of completion of modulesTime spent on interactive questions (to be confirmed)
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Personal Data means any information that can identify you directly or indirectly.
How do we use your data?
Under the GDPR, our use of your Personal Data must always have a lawful basis. This is maybe because the data are necessary or because it is in our legitimate business interest to use them.
Your data may be used for the following purposes:
To produce statistical analyses, particularly of Site traffic.To manage and improve the Site for optimal User browsing.To respond to requests or questions by Users and to provide them with technical assistance, if needed.To monitor requests made about our products or services.To process pharmacovigilance case reports regarding our products or services.To comply with the legal and regulatory obligations applicable to the Legal Entity.
We do not further process the data in a manner that is incompatible with the purposes described above.
What are your rights?
You have the right to request access and obtain information about your Personal Data; update, correct or delete your Personal Data; restrict or oppose (for legitimate reasons) the processing of your Personal Data by contacting the SERVIER Data Protection Officer (DPO):
by email, at the following address: protectiondesdonnees@servier.comor by mail, at the following address:
Data Protection OfficerLes Laboratoires Servier50, rue Carnot92284 Suresnes CedexFrance
Should you have any cause for complaint regarding our use of your Personal Data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority of your country.
How long do we keep your Personal Data?
Your Personal Data collected by SERVIER are kept in a form that permits your identification for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data are processed.
More specifically:
Personal Data collected for audience measurement purposes are kept for 6 months.Personal Data collected for pharmacovigilance activities are kept for 10 years after the relevant marketing authorisation has ceased to exist; the data are then deleted or archived in an anonymised form, unless otherwise envisaged by mandatory local regulations.Personal Data collected for communication and relationship management and promotional activities (contacts with healthcare professionals) are kept for 5 years after your last interaction with SERVIER, then archived for 5 years and deleted.Personal Data collected for transparency management are kept, archived and destroyed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
How do we safeguard your Personal Data?
We have put in place appropriate and commercially reasonable technical and organisational security measures to store your Personal Data that we collect and keep confidential and to protect them against unauthorised or unlawful disclosure or access, accidental loss, destruction, alteration or damage taking into consideration the state of art of technology and the cost of implementation.
Do we share your Personal Data?
Your Personal Data processed by Les Laboratoires Servier will only be accessible by a limited list of recipients on a need to know basis or where required by law, including but not limited to:
The departments and personnel of Les Laboratoires Servier and other legal entities of the Servier Group with a need to know.The suppliers and service providers of Les Laboratoires Servier, particularly those responsible for hosting the Site, producing the Site, who may be called upon to access the Personal Data of Users for purposes strictly necessary for their work.The competent authorities such as health authorities in certain legally-defined cases.
We may need to transfer (via access, visualization, storage…) your Personal Data in other jurisdictions, including outside the EEA, in countries that does not have an adequate level of protection as defined by the European Commission. In this event, We shall ensure that adequate safeguards, as required under applicable data protection legislation, will be implemented, such as European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or EU-US Privacy Shield framework, as applicable).
Governing law and jurisdiction
This policy is governed by French law. The courts in Paris, France have exclusive jurisdiction for settling any disputes arising from or in relation to this policy.
Current issue
September 2020
|
Vol 22
|
No 3
×
Newsletter Sign-Up
×
I accept that the information I provide will be used for the purpose of sending me updates on the journal content.
Close