http://www.endocrineweb.com/policy/editorial-guidelines
LOGIN |
REGISTER
Endocrine DisordersAddison's Disease
Cushing’s Syndrome
Gestational Diabetes
Graves' Disease
Growth Hormone Deficiency
Hashimoto's Thyroiditis
Hyperglycemia
Hyperthyroidism
Hypoglycemia
Hypoparathyroidism
Hypothyroidism
Low Testosterone
Medullary Thyroid Cancer
Obesity
Osteoporosis
Prediabetes
Thyroid Cancer
Thyroid Nodules
Type 1 Diabetes
Type 2 Diabetes
All Endocrine Disorders
The Endocrine SystemAdrenal Glands
Hypothalamus Gland
Ovaries
Pancreas
Parathyroid Glands
Pineal Gland
Pituitary Gland
Testes
Thymus Gland
Thyroid Gland
Community Advice
Patient Guides
News and Research
Visit Our Clinician Site
FOLLOW USEmail
Print
Discuss
EndocrineWeb Editorial Policy and Guidelines
Content Goals
EndocrineWeb is dedicated to being the most comprehensive and trustworthy site for information on endocrine disorders. We seek to educate the public and inform medical professionals on all subjects relating to the endocrine system, from diagnosis and treatment to lifestyle and prevention.
Content Types and Standards
Editorial
Sponsored Content
Third-party Funded Content
User Generated
Licensed
Advertisements
Editorial Content
Editorial content is generated by medical professionals and medical writers. It is reviewed for quality and accuracy by members of the Editorial Board. All editorial content must meet the following standards:
Clear: Is written in a manner that is appropriate for the audience
Current: Presents information that is up-to-date, including current research, news, and recent developments in the field
Relevant: Addresses prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and / or lifestyle information for endocrine disorders
Objective: Presents a balanced view of an issue, when one or more alternative views exist. If an author is strongly associated with a particular viewpoint, a comment from an Editorial Board member is added to provide balance. The author's financial disclosures and any potential conflicts of interest are noted on each author page.
Trustworthy: Is reviewed by one or more Editorial Board members and / or medical professionals
Sponsored Content
EndocrineWeb receives sponsorship fees from medical companies to provide information on the site about their products and services. While a sponsorship fee does provide EndocrineWeb with a financial benefit, it also benefits you by presenting useful information about medical products and services.
An example of Sponsored Content is a pharmaceutical company paying a sponsorship fee to present information about one of its medications on EndocrineWeb.
Sponsored Content is created by the sponsor, or on its behalf. It is not subject to EndocrineWeb's Editorial Standards (outlined above).
All Sponsored Content on the site is clearly identified as being "Provided by...."
Third-party Funded Content
EndocrineWeb receives funding from third parties to create independent content for the site. These third parties have no control or influence over the content that is produced. This content type is called Third-party Funded Content.
An example of Third-party Funded Content is a company providing a grant to EndocrineWeb for our writers to create an article about type 1 diabetes, without any control or influence from the company. Third-party Funded Content is subject to EndocrineWeb's Editorial Standards (outlined above).
All Third-party Funded Content on our site is clearly identified as "Funded by...."
User Generated Content
The site features an active Community section, in which registered site visitors can initiate and participate in discussions. Although this content—User Generated Content—is not monitored for its accuracy or balance, it is carefully managed to ensure that the Community section is a safe and relevant environment. To learn, read the Community Advice Rules.
Licensed Content
Licensed Content is content that EndocrineWeb chooses to use from a third party. EndocrineWeb may be required to pay a fee to license the use for the content, or the license may be complimentary. Licensed Content is not necessarily sent through Editorial Board review, as we may be satisfied with the third parties' review process. However, content must adhere to standards for our Editorial Content.
Advertisements
All advertisements are clearly labeled "Advertisement" to alert users that the content they are reading is advertising content. The site observes strict rules regarding the types of advertisements that can be presented on the site. Visit our Advertising Policy for complete information.
Editorial Board
The Editorial Board features many leaders in the endocrine field, representing several top medical institutions. Under their guidance, EndocrineWeb is equipped to address all endocrine disorders—from Addison's disease to type 2 diabetes. The Editorial Board writes content for the site and reviews all Editorial Content before it is approved for presentation on the site.
Writers and Editors
A team of medical writers manage EndocrineWeb content. Each member of the Editorial team has an extensive understanding of the subject area, in addition to broad training and experience writing and editing content that is clear, objective, accurate, and trustworthy. The writers' perceived or actual conflicts of interest are presented on the site.
Every effort is made to ensure that writing staff who develop Editorial Content do not work on sponsored or promotional projects.
Content Limitations
The content on the site is for educational purposes only. The site does not present medical advice and should never interfere with the patient and physician relationship. Visitors should consult with their physician on all matters pertaining to their medical condition.
Content Privacy
Extensive efforts are made to ensure that content on the site protects patient privacy. For example, if an x-ray is shown on the site, all items that might serve to identify the patient are removed prior to presentation. You can read the full Privacy Policy here.
Content and FDA Labeling Limitations
EndocrineWeb does not endorse, promote, or encourage the use of medical devices or medications in a manner that has not been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Appearance of an advertisement on a specific page does not indicate that EndocrineWeb or the advertiser is promoting the use of a product for a non-approved use.
URAC Standards
URAC is a non-profit, independent accreditation agency, which offers a nationally-recognized accreditation process and seal of approval for health web sites. The process for accreditation is comprehensive, detailed, and understandably lengthy. EndocrineWeb is actively working to comply with all URAC standards and to ultimately complete the accreditation process.
Update Frequency
The site's team of medical writers seeks to ensure that the site's content is high quality. To this end, the team monitors, adds, and updates content daily.
Patient Article Submissions
If you're a medical professional in the endocrine field and you're interested in submitting a patient-focused article, please contact our Editorial team using this form.
In your email, give a brief summary of your article idea(s) and some basic information about yourself. A member of the EndocrineWeb Editorial team will contact you within 5 to 10 business days.
Last updated on 06/20/2019
Resources
Community Advice
Patient Guides
Policy and Contact
About EndocrineWeb
Advertising Opportunities
Editorial Board
Editorial Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Advertising Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
Cookie Preferences
Terms of Use
Contact Us
For Professionals
© 2020 Remedy Health Media, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
This information is not designed to replace a physician's independent judgment about the appropriateness or
risks of a procedure for a given patient. Always consult your doctor about your medical conditions. Remedy
Health Media & EndocrineWeb do not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Use of this website is
conditional upon your acceptance of our user agreement.
Sign up for our newsletter, and get this free sanity-saving guide to life in the time of corona.
Sign Up
×
SHOW MAIN MENU SHOW SUB MENU