https://www.goodwood.org.nz/privacy
Privacy PolicyPERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personally identifiable information. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you chose not to provide it.
From time to time, we may run contests or other promotions. If you participate, we may request your name, mailing address, email address and other information in order to administer the promotion. When you submit a request, review or comment to our customer service department, we may ask you for your email address.
We also collect aggregated data. This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our sites. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.
USES AND DISCLOSURE – MORE INFORMATION
Who do we share this information with?
We will not share the information that we collect with any third parties. The information may be hosted with a service provider. Our agreements with them protect the information that we collect from any use by them that we have not authorised.
The aggregated data (not the personally identifiable information) may be shared with third parties such as advertisers or business partners.
How do we use the information?
When you register, complete a form or participate in any contest or promotion on our website, we will use the information you provided to us to send you email or regular mail from us regarding products, services or other contests and promotions that we think may be of interest to you.
We may use the data to verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password, or you are having logon difficulties with any of our site services.
From time to time we may aggregate your information analyse trends, preferences, and demographics. We may use the information for other purposes with your prior permission.
How do we use "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not contain personally identifying information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (eg Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (eg Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our sites from. With this information we can do the following:
Track traffic patterns to our site.
Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies; you can usually change your browser settings to refuse cookies. You will still be able to visit our sites with cookies disabled.
Google Advertising
We may use cookies to collect data for Google remarketing purposes for online advertising. We make every effort to abide by all Google Advertising policies. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads across other sites on the Internet.
Cookies stored by your browser may be used by third-party vendors, including Google, to show you ads based on your previous website activity, including visits to our website
Can we change this policy?
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Please refer to Last Updated
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with , you can contact us.