http://www.travelnursingcentral.com/privacy.php
Home
Travel Nurse Resources
Travel Nursing Checklists
Travel Nurse Company News
Travel Nursing Blog Links
Travel Nurse Housing
Travel Nursing Links
Travel Nursing Library
Nursing State Licensure
Travel Nursing Statistics
Travel Nurse Surveys
Submit Travel Nurse Rankings
Rank a Travel Nursing Company
Rank a Travel Nurse Hospital
Career Center
Top Rated Travel Nursing Agencies
Top Rated Hospitals for Travel Nurses
Expert Travel Nursing Advice
Travel Nursing Tax Services
Shop for a Travel Nursing Recruiter
International Travel Nursing
Travel Nurse Documents Needed
About TNC
Advertise on Travel Nursing Central
Travel Nursing Central Blog
TravelNursingCentral.com Site Map
Contact Travel Nursing Central
About Travel Nursing Central
Stay Connected
Give Travel Nursing Central Your Feedback
Travel Nursing Central Blog
Privacy Policy
The Travel Nursing Central Privacy Policy is designed to help members understand how personal information is collected and used in order for members to make informed decisions when using the Website. By using or accessing TravelNursingCentral.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
About Travel Nursing Central and the Information We Collect
Travel Nursing Central is an internet resource community for travel nurses. When using or registering for certain services on Travel Nursing Central, you provide certain personal information, such as your name, email address, and other personal or preference information. As part of some of these services, a Travel Nursing Central Account is created, through which some Account information can be seen in freely open, public parts of the site by users of the site. The amount of information that is disclosed will depend on the
service being used. Service users should be aware that information can be read, collected, or used by users of the site to whom it is disclosed, and could be used improperly. Travel Nursing Central is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to disclose or for the misuse by other members of such information. Any misuse or improper collection of Information provided is a violation of the Travel Nursing Central Terms of Service and should be reported to our staff.
Each time you visit Travel Nursing Central, your IP address and the web page from which you came
may be collected. We also use cookies to keep track of certain useage and activities on the Website and enhance your experience on the Website. Session ID cookies are used to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. Advertising on the site is maintained locally and advertisers cannot place or read cookies on your browser through our site, but may do so if you choose to visit their sites. You may remove or block this any cookies from our site (or others) by changing the settings in your browser. In that case you may not be able to use certain features on the site and/or you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently.
Children Under Age 18
Travel Nursing Central does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to create any Account. If you are under 18, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Individuals under age 18 are not allowed to provide any personal information to or on Travel Nursing Central. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a person under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a person under 18, please notify website administration at:
Administrator
How We Use The Information You Disclose
Your Personal Information is used to operate the Website efficiently and to create the content of publicly available areas on the Website. We may, occasionally, use the information provided to contact you for purposes of verification of identity or clarification/verification of submitted Information.
We do not provide Personal Information to third party marketers. We may, however, share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers. This could include third parties with whom we choose to offer promotions or services. This information does not identify individual users’ names, phone numbers, or email addresses.
We share your information with third parties only in limited circumstances where we believe such sharing is (1) reasonably necessary to offer the Travel Nursing Central service, (2) legally required or, (3) permitted by you.
To operate the Website, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Site, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers.  This will enable them to provide support services such as, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, orders, sweepstakes, and promotional fulfillment. We prohibit these entities from using your information for any other purpose.
Travel Nursing Central may be required to disclose user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We do not reveal information until we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Travel Nursing Central service, or to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
Email
Email addresses are used for the purpose of notification and verification of the status of Account related/submitted content. Users must use a valid email address for submission verification of rankings, housing posts, recruiter profiles, etc. These emails are automatically generated and may contain notice of important privacy and terms of service modifications as well as some Account Information. Registration constitutes our users and members agreement to receive these emails. Travel Nursing Central does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication. By registering with Travel Nursing Central you are officially opting to receive emails and newsletters from Travel Nursing Central. Travel Nursing Central does not permit third parties to contact our members on its behalf.
Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information
that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send unsolicited communications.
Travel Nursing Central makes every effort to cloak your email address from robots and spiders, but cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our effort. Travel Nursing Central is hereby indemnified against any issues that arise out of the usage and posting of its Users' email addresses by the User on the Travel Nursing Central website.
Links
Travel Nursing Central may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other Websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Travel Nursing Central website and to read the privacy statements of every Website that collects personally identifiable information.
Changing or Removing Information
Access and control over most personal information on Travel Nursing Central is readily available through the specific Service's editing tools. Information will be updated immediately. Users who wish to deactivate their Travel Nursing Central account(s) and have their information permanently removed from the public Website may do so by contacting:
Administrator
Removed information may persist in offline, locally-held backup copies for a reasonable period of time but will not be available to other Users of Travel Nursing Central.
Security
The Travel Nursing Central account of every User is password-protected. Travel Nursing Central takes appropriate precautions to protect our Users' information. Your account information is located on a secured server with firewall protection. However, security problems exist on the Internet, and therefore, Travel Nursing Central makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Travel Nursing Central shall not be responsible for any damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach, technical malfunction or similar problem. Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information.
Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us or other Users by email or instant messaging services. If you have any questions about the security of the Travel Nursing Central Website, please contact site administration.
Changes in Travel Nursing Central Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may make changes to our privacy policy. If changes are made, they will be posted on the Website so Users of the Travel Nursing Central Website are always aware of what information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately. Travel Nursing Central may modify this Privacy Policy Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting by Travel Nursing Central on the website. You agree to be bound to any changes to this Agreement when you use the Travel Nursing Central Services after any such modification is posted. It is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at:
Administrator
Click here for advertising info
Travel Nursing Central is Social
Popular Travel Nursing Links
Top Travel Nursing Companies
Top Travel Nurse Hospitals
Sample Travel Nursing Agency Ranking
Sample Travel Nursing Hospital Ranking
Hospital Interview Questions
Helpful Travel Nurse Links
Do You Want To Stay Updated?
When you sign up you will receive our email that will help you stay in the know. Don't wait!
©
2012, Travel Nursing Central. All rights reserved.
Travel Nursing Central is a leading authority on the travel nursing industry.
TNC Privacy Policy • TNC Terms of Service • TNC Review Policy