http://www.sunriseseniorliving.com/terms-and-conditions.aspx
Copyright and Usage Statement
DISCLAIMER AND COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
Sunrise Senior Living, LLC. Copyright Notice and Usage Information
Unless otherwise indicated, all content contained on this site is Copyright © 2013 Sunrise Senior Living, LLC.  All Rights Reserved.
Reproduction in whole or part of the contents of the Web site is strictly prohibited, except for personal use by individuals or for non-commercial use within your organization. Access to the Web site is provided solely to users for information in support of Sunrise Senior Living  and its affiliates products and services. No other use of the information provided hereunder is authorized. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of the contents that you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
Documents published by Sunrise Senior Living on the Web site are provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.  Sunrise Senior Living shall not under and circumstances be liable to any person for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages, resulting from use of or reliance on the information presented, loss of profits or revenues or costs of replacement goods or services, even if informed in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented. However, Sunrise Senior Living assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. Product information is subject to change without notice. Changes, if any, will be incorporated in new editions of these publications. Sunrise Senior Living may make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described in these publications at any time without notice. Mention of non-Sunrise Senior Living products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
All products and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sunrise Senior Living or their respective holders.
Products and services may vary from country to country. Please contact your local Sunrise Senior Living representative for specific information.