http://www.aami.org/aami-policies
AAMI PoliciesAssociation for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation and AAMI are registered trademarks of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation.
AAMI Website Terms of Use
The below terms of use govern your use of all AAMI Websites unless noted otherwise by a Website in its own terms of use.Terms of UseThe following Terms of Use ("Terms of Use") govern your use of AAMI Websites ("these sites") of The Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation, a Virginia not-for-profit corporation ("AAMI"), and any services contained within these sites. These Terms of Use include the AAMI's Privacy Policy and supplemental terms of use ("Supplemental Terms") that will govern your use of specific AAMI services ("Additional Services") and the browser policies of individual AAMI sites will provide information to enable optimum display on your computer.By using or downloading any materials from AAMI Websites, you agree to these Terms of Use. In addition, you agree to the applicable Supplemental Terms by using or downloading materials from an Additional Service.1. Copyrighted Information and Copyright Agent. Please note that the pages on these sites may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.Unless otherwise noted, all information, text, articles, data, images, Documents (as defined below), software, or other materials (collectively hereinafter referred to as the "Materials") contained on any page within these sites are copyrighted by AAMI or a third party (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Copyright Holder"). Title to copyright in the Materials will at all times remain with the Copyright Holder. You may only use, download, or copy the Materials contained in these sites in accordance with the Terms of Use. Any permitted copies of the Materials must retain the copyright notice, and any other proprietary notices contained in such Materials. Unless otherwise provided in the Terms of Use, you may not edit, modify, or make use of the Materials without the express, prior written consent of AAMI. You may not use any content contained in the Materials in any manner that may give a false or misleading impression or statement as to AAMI, the Copyright Holder, or any third party referenced in the Materials. Nothing on these sites shall be construed as conferring any license under any Copyright Holder's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. You agree to use these sites and the Materials, services, and products on these sites or those accessible via these sites only for lawful purposes. AAMI MAY REVOKE ANY OF THE FOREGOING RIGHTS, AS WELL AS ANY ACCESS AND USE AUTHORIZATIONS GRANTED TO USERS OF THESE SITES AT ANY TIME.Except as specifically provided in these Terms of Use (including any applicable Supplemental Terms), any reproduction, distribution, replication, or retransmission of any information contained on these sites without the prior written consent of AAMI is strictly prohibited. Visit AAMI's Privacy Policy page for information on receiving copyright permission.Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (“AAMI”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects our users to do the same.  AAMI’s policy is to terminate the account of users who infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.  AAMI responds to notices of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the process set forth in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.  If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide AAMI's Designated Copyright Agent, identified below, with the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), 17 U.S.C. § 512:(1)   a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;(2)   identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;(3)   identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit AAMI to locate the material;(4)   information reasonably sufficient to permit AAMI to contact the complaining party;(5)   a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;(6)   a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and(7)   any other materials or information as may be required by the DMCA as amended from time to time.Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the AAMI Designated Copyright Agent using the following contact information:Barbara Saxtonbsaxton@aami.org901 N. Glebe Rd., Suite 300Arlington, VA 22203Phone:  (703) 253-8288Fax:  (703) 276-07932. Notice with Regard to Documents on these Sites. Permission to display, copy and/or download any papers, articles or other works of authorship on these sites (the "Documents") is hereby granted, provided that (a) the copyright notice set forth on the Document and a statement that the Document is being reproduced under permission of the Copyright Holder both appear on such displayed, copied or downloaded Document, (b) use or reproduction of such Documents from these sites is for informational or personal use only, and (c) no modifications of any Documents are made. Any other use of the Documents is expressly prohibited.3. Online Privacy Policy. AAMI's Privacy Policy forms a part of these Terms of Use. Supplemental terms also contain additional and different terms, including without limitation regarding the collection, use, and sharing of personal information provided in connection with the use of such services, which you should read carefully before using such services.4. Disclaimers and Limitation on Liability.(A) DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE CONTENTS OF THESE SITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE MATERIALS, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," AND AAMI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THESE SITES OR ITS CONTENTS. AAMI DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, COMPLETENESS, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.(B) DISCLAIMER OF ACCURACY. AAMI DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THESE SITES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. THESE SITES COULD CONTAIN TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, MISCATALOGUED INFORMATION, OR TECHNICAL INACCURACIES. AAMI RESERVES THE RIGHT TO ADD TO, CHANGE OR DELETE ITS CONTENT OR ANY PART THEREOF WITHOUT NOTICE. ANY PRICE OR AVAILABILITY INFORMATION IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. BY YOUR USE OF THESE SITES, YOU AGREE THAT YOU DO NOT AND WILL NOT RELY ON IT BEING APPROPRIATELY CATALOGUED OR COMPLETE FOR ANY PURPOSE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PATENTABILITY OF ANY INVENTION, INVALIDITY OF ANY CLAIM OF ANY PATENT OR APPLICATION, OR AUTHORSHIP AND INVENTORSHIP OF ANY ARTICLE, PATENT OR APPLICATION. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT YOU OR YOUR AGENTS WILL NOT TAKE ANY ACTION AGAINST AAMI DUE TO SUCH RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION WHICH YOU BELIEVE TO BE NON CURRENT, INACCURATE OR INCOMPLETE. ADDITIONALLY, THESE SITES MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES, WHICH INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE DOCUMENTS AND SOFTWARE. AAMI MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TRUTH, QUALITY, SUITABILITY OR RELIABILITY OF SUCH INFORMATION. AAMI IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES CONTAINED IN ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES.(C) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY. NEITHER AAMI NOR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THESE SITES OR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES CONTAINED HEREIN, WHICH INCLUDES, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFIT OR GOODWILL, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES.YOU HAVE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ADEQUATE PROTECTION AND BACKUP OF DATA AND/OR EQUIPMENT USED IN CONNECTION WITH THESE SITES AND WILL NOT MAKE ANY CLAIM AGAINST AAMI FOR LOST DATA, RE-RUN TIME, INACCURATE OUTPUT, WORK DELAYS OR LOST PROFITS RESULTING FROM THE USE OF THE MATERIALS.(D) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY OF COPYRIGHT HOLDERS. COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFIT OR GOODWILL OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE MATERIALS OR PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF.5. Links to Third Party Sites. Any other Websites that are accessible via any link on these sites are not under the control of AAMI. AAMI is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to the information contained in such sites. AAMI provides the linked sites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusions of any such link on these sites does not imply AAMI's endorsement of these sites, the organization operating such sites, nor any products or services of that organization. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is entirely at your own risk.6. Export Restrictions. You acknowledge and agree that the Materials are subject to the U.S. Export Administration Laws and Regulations. Diversion of such Materials contrary to U.S. law is prohibited. You agree that none of the Materials, nor any direct product therefrom, is being or will be acquired for, shipped, transferred, or re-exported, directly or indirectly, to proscribed or embargoed countries or their nationals, unless authorized by the U.S. Government. Proscribed countries are set forth in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. You agree to comply strictly with all U.S. export laws and assume sole responsibility for obtaining licenses to export or re-export as may be required.7. References to Products or Services. Information published by AAMI on these sites may contain references or cross references to AAMI products or services that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that AAMI intends to announce such products or services in your country. Please contact AAMI Customer Service for information regarding the products and services that may be available to you.8. User Input. Unless otherwise provided in the Terms of Use, any communication, material or feedback with regard to contents on these sites transmitted by a user of these sites via electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, or comments regarding the content of any Document or other information contained on these sites, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and AAMI shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Further, AAMI shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, publication on these sites, or other AAMI publications, and developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information. AAMI shall have no obligation to compensate the contributor of such information in any manner.9. Governing Law; Venue for any Proceedings. Any action, proceeding, dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these sites or these Terms of Use, or any AAMI products or AAMI services offered on or accessed via these sites, shall (i) be governed by Virginia law and controlling U.S. federal law, without application of any choice of law rules and (ii) be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia located in Arlington County or of the United States District Court of the Eastern District of Virginia, and you hereby submit to the jurisdiction of said courts.10. Complete Agreement; Changes to the Terms of Use. These Terms of Use represent the entire understanding relating to the use of these sites and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications. AAMI shall have the right to revise and modify the Terms of Use at any time by posting the revised Terms of Use on these sites. Any use of these sites after such posting shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of the revised Terms of Use by the user.11. Trademarks. "AAMI", the AAMI logo, and other AAMI logos and titles are registered trademarks or service marks of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation. All other products, company names or other marks appearing on these sites are the trademarks of their respective owners. Nothing contained in these sites should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on these sites without prior written permission of AAMI or other trademark owners.12. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless AAMI, its officers, directors, employees, members, agents, and affiliates from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your breach of the Terms of Use, including Supplemental Terms, see 13 below. AAMI shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.13. Supplemental Terms. These include the supplemental terms of use below:AAMI Job SiteTerms for Job Seekers and EmployersCommittee CentralTerms for Committee Central Users14. Termination. AAMI may terminate this agreement at any time. Upon termination, you agree to cease all use of these sites. Without limiting the foregoing, AAMI shall have the right to immediately terminate your access and use of these sites, or any portion of these sites, in the event of any conduct by you or through your account which AAMI, in its sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of the Terms of Use, The provisions of Sections 4, 9, 12, and this Section 14 shall survive any termination of this agreement.15. Questions. Use the following contact information:For questions about these Terms of Use (including AAMI's Privacy Policy), email customerservice@aami.org.For questions about this page, contact webmaster@aami.org.
AAMI Privacy Policy
Updated July 18, 2018The Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI or "we", "us", "our"), is committed to protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we receive or collect from you.  We also believe in transparency and are committed to informing you about how we treat your personal information.AAMI has prepared this privacy policy ("Policy") together with our Terms of Use and any documents referred herein, to inform you ("you", "your", or "user") of our practices regarding personal information that we collect, use, process, and share regarding our Websites or mobile applications provided by and on behalf of AAMI, and other services that we provide. Our Policy also describes certain rights and options that you have with regard to your personal information.This Policy covers all personal information collected through AAMI.org, other AAMI websites, social media accounts, and the AAMI mobile app (collectively, the “Websites”) and your interactions with AAMI offline. This policy lets you know how we collect and use your personal information, and how you can control its use. It describes the broadest potential use of personal information through the Websites and in offline interactions that are consistent with the terms of this policy. However, please note that we may make far less use of your personal information. We use cookies and similar technologies on our Websites, please see our Cookies Policy. Unless you state otherwise, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.PLEASE READ THIS POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE TREAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT CHOICES AND RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN THIS REGARD.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITES OR OUR SERVICES.Our Role in Protecting the Privacy and Security of Your Personal InformationAAMI is responsible for implementing applicable data protection principles and safeguarding the personal information that you provide to us through our Websites, mobile applications, and social media accounts.If you are a user in in the European Union (the "EU") or European Economic Area ("EEA"), AAMI will be the controller of the personal information we collect from you for purposes of the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation, 2016/679 (the "GDPR").What Personal Information Do We Collect and WhyWe may collect and process the following personal information from you for the following purposes:CategoryTypes of Data and PurposeContact InformationWhen you visit our Websites or request products and services, we may ask you for your name, physical address, telephone number, email address, and company/institution. The majority of the information collected under this category is business contact information.User Account InformationWhen you create an account, we collect your business contact information, other identifying information (e.g., age, date of birth, photo), username and password, other registration information, including payment information necessary to enable us to fulfill your account registration request and demographic information (degrees/certifications/designations, employment status, location), username, password, and other registration information, including payment information. This information is necessary to enable us to provide you the account you have requested and to maintain the account and your profile. You may update your account information by editing the information associated with your account.User PreferencesWhen registering your account, we collect information about product requirements, areas of industry interest, and other information you select in your profile when registering for and using your AAMI account, or as indicated by your use of the Websites.Conference Registration InformationWhen you register for a conference or seminar hosted by us, we collect your contact information and other details necessary for processing the registration, including payment information.Transactional InformationWhen you request products and services from us in the course of contractual or member relationships between you, your company, and AAMI, we collect your business contact information, information about the products and services that you access or download, purchase details, and other personal information.Financial and Payment InformationWhen you purchase products and services from AAMI, we may collect financial accounts and other data necessary to process payments, including credit card numbers, security codes, expiration dates, and other related billing information.Location InformationWhen you use our Websites, we may collect information about your use of our Websites and services for advertising, analytics, to serve content and to protect our Websites and services. Location information collected may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique identifiers, or other similar location-tracking technologies.CookiesWhen you visit our Websites, we may use cookies and similar technologies to, among other things, provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Websites, provide translation tools, improve our marketing efforts, and for usage analytics for our Websites (e.g., page response times, download errors, length of visit, webpages visited, etc.).Please see our Cookies Policy,  for more information.If you choose to disable cookies and similar technologies, some areas and features of the Websites may not work properly.Automated InformationWhen you visit our Websites, we automatically collect information from your browser or your mobile device, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address or unique device identifier, cookies and data about which pages you visit in order to allow to operate and provide the Websites and our services. This information is used to protect our Websites and services and to keep the Websites secure, to analyze and improve our Websites and services and understand how the Websites works for users, and to provide advertising to you and a more personalized experience for our users. To learn more about our collection of technical data, please visit our Cookies Policy.Email InterconnectivityIf you receive email communications from us, we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains, or make purchases.  We use this information to enhance our marketing efforts. EmploymentIf you apply for a job, or become an employee, we collect personal information necessary to process your application or employment. This may include, among other things, your contact information, your social security number, employment history, etc.Feedback / Support / InquiriesIf you provide us with feedback or contact us for support or ask us questions, we will collect your name, email address, other contact information and other information needed to respond to your feedback, request for support, or answer your question.Mailing ListWhen you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we collect your contact information, including your email address and postal address.Order PlacementWhen you place an order with us or purchase products or services from us, we collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and contact details, shipping preferences, payment information, and usage statistics relating to your use of AAMI products and services.Sensitive Personal InformationWhen necessary in order to respond to your requests for services or employment, we may collect information regarding your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, health information, financial information, or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation.  AAMI will collect this sensitive personal information with your express consent or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly-available sources.How Will We Use Your Personal Information?In addition to the uses described above, AAMI uses the personal information collected in an effort to improve your experience on the Websites, to provide products and services to you, and to communicate with you about the information you have requested. AAMI may also use personal information to help target specific offers to you and to help AAMI develop and improve our Websites and services.  Additionally, AAMI may use your personal information in the following ways:To provide you with services you have requested and to manage our relationship with you, including administering your account, processing payments, accounting, auditing, billing and collection and taking other steps necessary to the performance of our business relationship with you.To present and improve the contact and functionality of the Websites.To determine user interests, needs, and preferences.To provide notice of changes to our Websites or the services we offer or provide through it.To conduct research and analysis.To develop new products and services.To manage and maintain the security of our Websites and services.To market our services to you. We will only provide you with marketing related information after you have, where legally required to do so, opted in to receive those communications and having provided you with the opportunity to opt-out of such communications at any time. We do not sell or distribute this information to third parties or use it for any other purpose.To comply with our legal and compliance obligations, including maintaining records, performing compliance audits, etc.For insurance purposes.To exercise and defend our legal rights, or to comply with court orders.For any other purpose related to and/or ancillary to any of the purposes and uses described in this Policy for which your personal information was provided to us.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose to which you have consented or for which we have a legitimate basis under the law.We may process your personal information in connection with any of the purposes and uses set out in this Policy on one or more of the following legal grounds:Because it is necessary to perform the services you have requested, to comply with your instructions or requests, or other contractual obligations between you and AAMI.To comply with our legal obligations as well as to keep records of our compliance processes.Because our legitimate interests, or those of a third-party recipient of your personal information, makes the processing necessary, provided those interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.Because you have chosen to publish or display your personal information on a public area of the Websites, such as blog or comment area.Because it is necessary to protect your vital interests.Because it is necessary in the public interest.Because you have expressly given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular manner.We do not use your personal information for making any automated decisions affecting or creating profiles other than as described above.We rely on your express opt-in consent to (1) send marketing communications; (2) for third-party data-sharing relating to advertising; and (3) for the use of cookies and similar technologies.Disclosure Of Your Personal InformationWe may share your personal information in the following contexts:CategoryDisclosure ContextsSubsidiaries and AcquisitionsWe may share your personal information with our corporate subsidiaries and affiliates.  If another organization acquires AAMI, we will share your personal information with that organization.Disclosures With Your ConsentWe may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Policy. We will only disclose your personal information in this context with your consent.Disclosures Without Your ConsentWe may disclose your personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders or other legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your personal information in order to establish or exercise our legal rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property or a violation of our Terms of Use, or to comply with your request for shipment of items ordered from us to the provision of services by a third-party.PublicSome areas of our Websites provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.  If you decide to submit your personal information in these areas, you do so at your own risk and acknowledge that the information will be publicly available.DirectoriesYou may consent through account or conference/seminar registrations to having your contact information shared with other account holders or conference/seminar registrants.Third PartiesAAMI may provide personal information about you to third parties that offer products and services specifically requested by you.Service ProvidersAAMI may share your personal information with our service providers. Among other things, service providers may help us to administer the Websites, support our provision of services requested by you, provide technical support, send marketing, promotions and communications to you about our service, payment processing and other legitimate purposes permitted by law.How Long Do We Store Your Personal Information?AAMI will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was lawfully collected. AAMI also will retain and use your personal information as long as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, provide our services, and enforce our agreements.When we no longer have a purpose to retain your personal information, we will destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable law and our policies.Security Of Your Personal InformationAAMI has put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized manner, altered, or disclosed. While our security measures seek to protect your personal information in our possession, no security system is perfect and AAMI cannot promise that your personal information will remain absolutely secure in all circumstances.The safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. Where you use a password for access to restricted parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share your password with anyone.If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our Site or systems that compromises your data, we will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are required to do so by law.Updating Your Personal InformationIf any of the personal information you have provided to us changes, please let us know. For instance, if your email changes, you wish to cancel any request you have made of us, or if you become aware of inaccurate personal information about you, use our Contact Us details to update your information. You may also edit your account details if you have a user account through our Site.We are not responsible for any losses arising from any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient, or incomplete personal data that you provide to us.Your Rights To Access And Control Your Personal InformationPlease use the Contact Us details at the end of this Policy to exercise your rights and choices under this Policy.Right of Access. If required by law (e.g., under the GDPR), upon request, we will grant reasonable access to the personal information that we hold about you.Accuracy. Our goal is to keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete. Please contact us if you believe your information is not accurate or changes.Right to Object. In certain circumstances, as permitted under applicable law, you have the right to object to processing of your personal information. If you would like us to stop using or wish to restrict our processing of your personal information, please contact us and we will let you know if are able to agree to your request.Right to Erasure and Deletion of Your Personal Information. You may have a legal right (for instance, if you are located in the EU or EEA under the GDPR) to request that we delete your personal information when it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or when, among other things, your personal information has been unlawfully processed. All deletion requests should be sent to the address noted in the Contact Us section of this Policy.We may decide to delete your personal information if we believe it is incomplete, inaccurate or that our continued storage of your personal information is contrary to our legal obligations or business objectives. When we delete personal information, it will be removed from our active servers and databases and our Websites, but it may remain archived when it is not practical or possible to delete it. We may also retain your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce any agreements.Right to Withdraw Consent. If you have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information, you have the right to fully or partially withdraw your consent. To withdraw your consent, in full or in part, please notify us using the information in the Contact Us section of this Policy and you may follow opt-out links on any marketing communications sent to you.Once we have received notice that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for further processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.Withdrawal of consent to receive marketing communications will not affect the processing of personal information for the provision of our services.Right to Complain. If you wish to file a complaint with us about our privacy practices, you may do so by contacting us using the information provided in the Contact Us section of this Policy and we will do our best to respond to and, if possible, resolve your complaint. If you believe that your rights relating to your personal information have been violated, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the applicable enforcement authority, or seek a remedy through the courts.Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize browser settings or signals of tracking preferences, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.California Residents. California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to us using the information in the Contact Us section of this Policy.European Union or European Economic Area Residents. If you are located in the EU or EEA and believe we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable provisions of the GDPR, you may file a complaint with your local data protection or supervisory authority.Cross Border Transfers of Personal InformationAAMI is located and established in the United States and therefore, your personal information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take necessary and appropriate steps to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. By using our Websites or requesting services from us, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing and transfer of your personal information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.Residents of the EU / EEA. We rely on recognized legal bases to lawfully conduct cross-border transfers of personal information outside of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), such as your express informed consent (as noted above), when transfer is necessary for us to deliver services pursuant to an agreement between AAMI and you, or when the transfer is subject to safeguards that assure the protection of your personal information, such as the European Commission's approved standard contractual clauses.Links To Other WebsitesThese Websites may contain links to, and media and other content from, third party websites. These links are to external websites and third parties over which we have no control or supervision. If you click on an embedded third-party link, you will be redirected away from our Websites to the external third-party website. You can check the URL to confirm that you have left these Websites.AAMI cannot and does not (i) guarantee the adequacy of privacy, security, practice content or media provided by third parties or their websites, (ii) control third parties' independent collection or use or your personal information, or (iii) endorse any third-party information, products, services or websites that may be reached through embedded links on the Websites.Any personal information provided by you or automatically collected from you by a third party will be governed by that party's privacy policy and terms of use.ChildrenThe Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), as well as other data privacy regulations, restrict the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information from and about children on the internet. Our Websites and the services are not directed to children aged 16 or younger, nor is information knowingly collected from children under the age of 16. No one under the age of 16 may access, browse, or use the Websites or provide any information to or on the Websites. If you are under 16, please do not use or provide any information on this Site. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 16 without a parent's or legal guardian's consent, we will take steps to stop collecting that information and delete it.For more information about COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission's website at: https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/rules/rulemaking-regulatory-reform-proceedings/childrens-online-privacy-protection-rule.Changes To Our Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to update and change this Policy from time to time in order to reflect any changes to the way in which we treat your personal information or in response to changes in law. We will post any changes we make to this Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the website home page as well. The date this Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this Policy.Contact UsIf you have questions or comments about this Policy, wish to access personal information we hold about you; believe the personal information we have about you is incorrect, or wish to lodge a complaint with us about how we have handled your personal information, please contact us using the contact details below and we will do our best to assist you:AAMI901 N. Glebe Road, Suite 300Arlington, VA 22203Arlington, VA 22203Phone: (703) 253-8279privacy@aami.orgAttn: AAMI Data Protection Officer
Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy
Updated July 18 2018The Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI or "we", "us", "our") respects the online privacy of its members and other visitors ("you") on AAMI.org, other AAMI websites, AAMI social media accounts, and the AAMI mobile app (collectively, the “Websites”).This Cookies and Similar Technologies Policy (the " Policy") describes the information we collect through the use of cookies and similar technologies, how and why we use cookies and similar technologies, how our third party business partners use cookies and similar technologies, and ways you can opt out of using cookies and similar technologies. Our Privacy Policy, of which this Policy is part, is available at Privacy Policy, and provides further information about our privacy practices.WHAT IS A COOKIE?A "cookie" is a small file created by a web server that can be stored on a user's device for use either during a particular ("session" cookie) or future ("persistent" cookie) browsing session.  This file may include information about internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), URLs of any referring or exited webpages, operating system, and/or date and time stamps.AAMI uses cookies to enable certain website functions, develop web browsing analytics, store and track your preferences, and enable the delivery of advertising and marketing, when applicable. For example, we track the number of “hits” or visits to our Sites, the most popular times of day and sections visited, and the range of devices and browsers most commonly used to view the Sites.  AAMI does not sell any of this information to third parties.First-Party CookiesFirst-party cookies are set by the website you are visiting, and they can only be read by that site. Certain features of our Websites' use session, persistent, and flash cookies."Session" cookies are temporarily stored on your hard drive and only last until they expire at the end of your browsing session or after a set time period. Our Websites' session cookies are set to expire in 2 hours and are required for log in to access secure areas of the Site and to process e-commerce transactions. "Permanent" cookies remain stored on a user's hard drive until they expire or are deleted by a user. We use permanent browser cookies on our Sites for log in purposes and to recover certain preferences set for use by you during repeated visits to our Sites. They are set to time out within six months.We use local stored objects (or "flash" cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Websites. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as browser cookies. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website at: https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/help09.html.Third Party CookiesYou also may encounter third party cookies on our Websites. Third Party Cookies are cookies that are stored on your web browser by a party other than AAMI and may gather browsing activity (such as information you have entered or choices you have made) across numerous websites that you visit and across numerous browsing sessions. These cookies also help improve how AAMI's Websites and services function and perform, customize your interaction with our Websites, and help provide more relevant messaging and marketing communications to you. AAMI is currently using third party cookies to track and analyze usage. If you wish to delete Third Party Cookies, you should adjust your browser settings as described in the "CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION" section of this Policy.For example, our Websites use ShareThis social media cookies to allow you to share content from our Websites across your social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you browse the internet while signed into a social network, that network may have the ability to collect information about the websites you are visiting, including ours. To view ShareThis' privacy policy, visit https://www.sharethis.com/privacy/.If you like more detailed information about first party and third party cookies in use on or related to our Sites, please contact us. You also may learn more about internet advertising practices and related consumer resources at http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ and http://youronlinechoices.eu/ (if you are located in Europe).HOW DOES AAMI USE COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES?Like most websites, as you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may passively collect information about your browsing activities using cookies and other automatic data collection technologies, such as Internet tags, or web beacons (clear gifs., pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs), and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, etc.), to improve website functionality and analytics, including the following:Web beacons: These are tiny graphics (sometimes called "clear GIFs" or "web pixels" with a unique identifier that are used to understand browsing activity. In contract to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are rendered invisible on web pages when you open a page.Social Widgets: These are buttons or icons provided by third-party social media providers that allow you to interact with those social media services when you view a web page or mobile app screen. These social widgets may collect browsing data, which may be received by the third party that provided the widget and are controlled by third parties.UTM Codes: These are strings that can appear in a URL (the "Uniform Resource Locator", which is typically the http or https address entered to go to a web page) when a user moves from one web page or website to another, where the string can represent information about browsing, such as which advertisement, page, or publisher sent the user to the receiving website.Application SDKs: These are mobile application third-party software development kits that are embedded in Apps (and are used in may mobile applications). These app SDKs permit the collection of information about the App itself, activity in the App, and the device application on which the App is running.The aggregate data collected by these passive technologies typically does not target any personally identifying information (PII) or other personal data, but personal information we store about you may be linked to information stored in and obtained from cookies in order to improve our marketing, analytics, or website functionality.Location InformationWe use tools that prevent us from collecting or maintaining your location information, including Google Analytics Anonymize IP, which interferes with collection and recording of your full IP address and anonymizes your IP address as soon as technically feasible by hiding part of the IP address. To learn more about the tool in use, visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en.Google Analytics and Similar TechnologiesIn addition to cookies, there are other similar technologies used by AAMI on the Websites. These include:We use Google Analytics and similar technologies (the “Analytics Technologies”) to collect and process statistical data about the number of people using our Websites and to better understand how they find and use our webpages. This does not include personally identifiable information, nor do we store or associate such analytics with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere. You may learn more about Google Analytics and the performance tracking cookies that it uses by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ as well as Google's restrictions on data use by visiting the Google Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptou and install the opt-out browser add-on feature. For more details, visit the “Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on” page (located at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en).Google Analytics has certified compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.Other Third Party TechnologiesSome third parties may use automated data collection technologies to collect information about you when you when you browse the internet. The information they collect about your online browsing activities over time and across different websites and other online services may be associated with your personal information and used to provide you with targeted content. We do not control these third parties' technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about targeted content, you should contact the responsible party directly or consult their privacy policies.CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONWe provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us and have created ways to give you control over our use of your information. Most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to refuse all or some types of cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent by website tracking technologies and advertising. Note that, if the user declines the use of cookies, the user may not have access to the full benefits of the Websites.When a user registers with our Websites, the Websites will prompt the user to confirm whether he or she approves of the use of a cookie. You may adjust your browser settings to opt out of accepting a "persistent" cookie and to only accept "session" cookies, but will need to log in each time you want to enjoy the full functionality of the Websites.Please be aware that adjusting the Cookie Settings on our Websites may not fully delete all of the cookies that have already been created. To delete them, visit your web browser settings after you have changed your Cookie Settings on our Websites.Additional information is provided below about how to disable cookies or manage the cookie settings for the leading web browser providers:Google Chrome:https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=enFirefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesInternet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookiesSafari:http://help.apple.com/safari/mac/8.0/#/sfri11471For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.  CHANGES TO THIS POLICYIt is our policy to post any changes we make to this Policy on this webpage. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by posting on our Websites home page as well or provide notification via email, if appropriate. The date this policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page.We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to stayed informed about how we use cookies and other similar technologies.HOW TO CONTACT USIf you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us using one of the methods listed below:AAMI4301 N. Fairfax Drive, Suite 301Arlington, VA 22203-1633Phone:  (703) 253-8279privacy@aami.orgAttn: AAMI Data Protection Officer
Image Release Policy
AAMI documents are copyrighted in the name of the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI), which reserves all rights in copyright. To ensure that AAMI does not violate the rights of a copyright holder, AAMI requires permission to incorporate a photo, image, graph, or table into an AAMI document. The owner(s) of a photo, image, graph, or table must affirm by signing this agreement that AAMI has permission to include the item. This includes all future versions of the document, AAMI programs based on the document, and any efforts to market it.AAMI is seeking nonexclusive rights to this item. Consequently, this has no impact on the rights of the owner to use, or grant others rights to use, this image.Just because a photo, image, graph, or table is online DOES NOT mean that it may be freely used. The website using an image may not own rights to the image.Unless it is noted otherwise, one should always assume that an image is copyright protected and permission is required to use it. In some, but not all, instances the usage rights and credit information for an image is readily available near the image. In other instances, it may take several calls and/or e-mails to identify who owns the rights to the image and is able to grant permission for AAMI to use it.Are there sources of free or inexpensive photos? Yes.  At times, AAMI obtains images from the following sources.http://www.istockphoto.com/index.phphttp://www.nsf.gov/news/mmg/If any of these sources contain an image you would like to include in an AAMI document, please provide AAMI with a link to the image. AAMI will evaluate any cost to determine if the image can be purchased.Questions?  Please contact the AAMI staff member you are working with or Shelly Woolsey at swoolsey@aami.org or 703-253-8279.
Committee Central Terms of Use
Welcome to AAMI Committee Central (the "Site"). By using the Site, you agree to the following terms and conditions.CopyrightsThe Site is copyrighted by the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI), 901 N. Glebe Road, Suite 300, Arlington, VA 22203. All rights are reserved. All documents that are made available for viewing or download via the Site are copyrighted by AAMI, ISO, IEC, or in some instances by other organizations that have agreed to provide material to committees that are administered by AAMI as background for developing technical documents.You may not modify, copy, distribute, forward, display, re-post, reprint, sublicense, create derivative works from, transfer, link to, quote or sell any content of the Site without the prior written permission of the copyright holder, except as expressly permitted herein or by federal copyright law. In addition, violators risk legal action, including civil and criminal penalties, and damages.For permission regarding the use of AAMI copyrighted content, use the AAMI Reprint Permission Form OR contact AAMI, 901 N. Glebe Road, Suite 300, Arlington, VA 22203. Phone: +1 703 525-4890; Fax: +1 703 525-1067. For permission regarding the use of copyrighted material of others, please contact the copyright holder directly.User Conduct - ISO and IEC Committees Administered by AAMIP- and O-Members have access to technical committee (TC) or subcommittee (SC) working documents, as well as to working group documents. Liaisons to TC's or SC's have access to working documents of their committee, only. Conveners/chairs, members and liaisons to working groups, ad hoc groups, and advisory groups (e.g., chairman's advisory groups) have access to working documents of their group, only.Redistribution of ISO and IEC draft standards and other working documents for purposes of developing national positions shall follow the rules set forth by ISO and IEC, respectively.User Conduct - AAMI CommitteesTechnical committee cochairs, members, and liaisons have access to working documents of the committee as well as its working groups, if any. Working group cochairs, members and liaisons have access to working documents of the working group as well as its parent committee. Documents of task groups, ad hoc groups, advisory groups, and executive boards/program committees (e.g., Standards Board, International Standards Committee) are only available to the chairs, members and liaisons of the group, board or program committee.Members and liaisons who serve as Independent Experts or who have not disclosed the organization that they represent may print out copies of working documents for their personal use and/or maintain an electronic copy that is not accessible by other persons.Representative members and liaisons who have disclosed to AAMI the organization that they represent ("Representative Experts") may print out copies of working documents for their personal use and/or maintain an electronic copy provided that is not accessible by other persons. In addition, Representative Experts may make limited redistribution of these documents within their company or institution for the sole purpose of developing a company or institutional position on a draft technical document, provided that the draft was developed by AAMI or is an ISO or IEC draft for which the AAMI committee, in its capacity as a U.S. Technical Advisory Group or sub-Group, is developing a US position."Limited distribution" means:Distribution only to recipient(s) who work for the same company or institution that the member or liaison represents on the AAMI committee, or are members of a relevant committee of the same institution that the member or liaison represents on the AAMI committee;The AAMI committee member or liaison agrees to inform the recipient(s) that the document is copyrighted and shall not be distributed further; ANDThe number of recipients is kept to the minimum necessary to develop a company or institutional position and in any case shall not exceed 10 copies without AAMI's prior written permission.Occasionally AAMI committees develop consensus positions on national or regional standards that were developed by organizations other than AAMI, ISO, or IEC. Committee members and liaisons are responsible for determining and meeting the policies of the developing organization regarding redistribution of such drafts.On rare occasion certain documents are made available to the public. Members of the public may print out copies of such documents for their personal use and/or maintain an electronic copy that is not accessible by other persons.Content AdministrationOnly AAMI staff can post material to the Site. Chairs, secretaries, members, and liaisons ("Members") who wish to have material posted to the Site should submit same in electronic format to the AAMI staff contact for their committee. Members shall not submit material that infringes the copyright, trademark or any other intellectual or property right of any third party, contains viruses or other contaminating or destructive features, is in violation of ISO/IEC Directives (international committees) or AAMI Standards Policy and Procedures (AAMI committees), or is in violation of any applicable laws or regulations. Members who wish to have copyrighted material of a third-party distributed to a committee that is administered by AAMI shall identify the name of the copyright-holder and complete address so that AAMI staff can write same for necessary permission. This applies to whole works as well as to portions of works or derivative material that members submit for incorporation into a draft technical document that AAMI staff is maintaining on behalf of a committee. Members are responsible for ensuring that any material submitted to AAMI complies with the foregoing conditions.Technical Committee Contact Data/ Privacy PolicyCommittee membership rosters do not disclose personal data beyond name, organization, and in the case of international committees, country represented. However, committee members and liaisons are able to review their own, detailed contact information so that they can determine whether to submit name or address corrections to AAMI. It is therefore important that members and liaisons do not share their logon ID and password with anyone.GeneralAAMI reserves the right to change the Terms of Use for the Site at any time by revising the terms and conditions herein. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Copyright Infringement Claims
Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (“AAMI”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects our users to do the same.  AAMI’s policy is to terminate the account of users who infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others.  AAMI responds to notices of alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the process set forth in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.  If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide AAMI's Designated Copyright Agent, identified below, with the following information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), 17 U.S.C. § 512:(1) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (2) identification of the copyright work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site; (3) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit AAMI to locate the material; (4) information reasonably sufficient to permit AAMI to contact the complaining party; (5) a statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (6) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and (7) any other materials or information as may be required by the DMCA as amended from time to time.Copyright Agent. Pursuant to the DMCA, written notification of claimed copyright infringement must be submitted to the AAMI Designated Copyright Agent using the following contact information:Melissa Coatesmcoates@aami.org901 N. Glebe Road, Suite 300, Arlington, VA 22203-1633Phone:  (703) 647-2772Fax:  (703) 276-0793
Additional Policies and InformationBI&T Author GuidelinesGuidance on the Use of AAMI StandardsAAMI Jobs Terms