http://www.horses-and-horse-information.com/articles/protecting-your-privacy.shtml
You are here: > Horses > Protecting your privacy
Protecting your privacy
Your personal information is confidential. Here's what we collect and how we use it:
We do not rent, sell or exchange e-mail addresses.
When you place an order with our company we collect your name, address, telephone number, credit card information and your e-mail address. We use this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about your order. Placing an order will automatically set up your account with our company.
Subscribing to our e mail newsletter.
When you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, we collect your name and e-mail address so that we can send you advance notice of sales and events or tell you about new products and services. You can unsubscribe from our
newsletter at any time by sending your unsubscribe request to:
privacy@Horses-and-Horse-Information.com and type "unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Visiting our website.
When you visit our site, our web server automatically recognizes only your domain name, but not your e-mail address. We collect the domain name and monitor general site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site and the products and services we offer. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded. We may use collected data to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor.
Changes to our privacy policies.
If elements of our privacy policy change, we will post the policy changes to our web site. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
The use of cookies on our site.
Our current technology platform requires that your browser be set to accept cookies. Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website can transfer to your computer's hard drive in order to make online shopping easier and quicker. We do not store personal information such as your name or phone number in your cookie. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many major websites use them.
When you log on to Horses-and-Horse-Information.com, your cookie allows us to:
Recognize you as a repeat visitor or customer. This enables us to retrieve certain information that you previously provided so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you shop with us.
Alert you to new areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our site plus customize page content based on your browser type or other information sent in your cookie.
Secure ordering online.
At Horses-and-Horse-Information.com, protecting your information is a priority. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt your credit card number, name and address, so only our Horses-and-Horse-Information.com is able to decode your information.
To be sure your connection is secure, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), the SSL is active and your information is secure.
Comments or Questions.
If you have any comments or questions about our privacy and security policy, send e-mail to:privacy@Horses-and-Horse-Information.com.
Register below to get free horse tips from:
Name:
E-Mail
Visit Equestrian Cupid now. The best and largest equestrian club for meeting the other half for friendship and marriage
Horse Education
Horse Training Teleseminar
Horse Information Topics
Horse health
Horse nutrition / feed
Horse pasture / forage
Horse care
Horse tack / equipment
Horse diseases
Horse shoes / Hoof care
Horse rescue / adoption
Horse transportation
Horse training
Horse trainers
Horse breeds
Horse breeding
Horse names (5,000)
Horse farms / ranches
Horse barns / fencing
Horse riding
Equestrian Sports & Activities
Horse shows
Horse words dictionary
Share a Horse Story
Horse Business Owners
Advertise with Us
Have your horse products or services exposed to over 27,000 of our monthly visitors.
Home
|
|
Privacy
|
Security
|
Legal notices
|
Advertise with Us
Copyright (c) 2011. American Horse Rider & Horses and Horse Information. All rights reserved.