http://www.acls.net/privacy.html
Login
Call us at 1-877-560-2940
Canada: 647-749-4811
Or mail
support@acls.net
Our Courses
Sign Up Now
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this document is to describe the privacy policies practiced by ACLS Training Center as they apply to our customers and offered services. It covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by ACLS Training Center any time you interact with us by purchasing courses, visiting our web site, contacting customer support, or any other interaction between yourself and ACLS Training Center.
At ACLS Training Center we recognize that protection of your privacy is important. This document outlines the personal information we receive and collect when you use our services. By providing this document our goal is that you would have the information you need to determine if you would like to share your personal information with us.
Personal Data We Collect
When you purchase one of our products, you will be required to provide some basic personal information to ACLS Training Center during the purchase process.
Data you provide: ACLS Training Center collects personal information when an interested individual purchases an ACLS course, or if the individual voluntarily provides this information. This information is used to provide proper certification for individuals who pass our courses.
Email communication: When you send ACLS Training Center an email (or other communication), we may retain your email and any personal information in the email or other communication to fully handle your issue and for proper record storage.
Web cookies: When you visit ACLS Training Center one or more times a cookie may be stored in your computer. Most browsers are setup to accept these cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse or clear cookies. Cookies are used to save information about a previous website visit on your computer so the next time you visit the site it can remember information about you and your previous session.
How We May Use Your Personal Data
When you purchase one of our products, you will be required to provide some basic personal information to ACLS Training Center during the purchase process.
We will use your personal information for printing and mailing out your card and CEH certificate, if applicable, after you have successfully completed the course you purchased.
The billing information you provide will be used by our merchant gateway authorize.net to charge you for the course you purchased.
We may also provide your personal information to third parties, if required to do so by legal processes.
We will use this information to contact you if you have any issues and you contact our customer support department, if your card and/or CEH certificate are sent back due to an incorrect mailing/email address, or in any other normal handling and resolution of support, technical problems, etc.
We will maintain your personal information as needed for company records.
We use Google Analytics Remarketing, which you can opt-out of at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Privacy Protection
We will not share or sell your personal information without your consent, unless ordered by law.
We take security measures to protect against misuse, loss and/or data alteration by our system. However, we are not liable for any personal information that you submit to ACLS Training Center. All the information that you provide to ACLS Training Center is submitted at your own risk.
We are not held liable if there is a security breach on our merchant gateway authorize.net.
Privacy Questions
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
support@acls.net.
ACLS Training Center
In business since 1998
The first online ACLS
Thousands of happy customers
Best customer support and guarantee, your course will be accepted
How Our Courses Work
Sign up online
Complete course work online (at your own pace, in-person not required, 3 attempts included)
Receive your provider card online and in the mail
Come back 2 years later
It's really that simple, but we have put all questions into our FAQ.
Accepted Worldwide
Your course will be accepted. If you or your employer has any issue with our courses just
email us for a 100% refund (guarantee good for 3 months).
All our courses
Why Choose Us
How Our Courses Work
FAQ
Contact Us
Site Map
ACLS Algorithms
ACLS Quizzes
Blog