http://www.wadhurst-physio.co.uk/gdpr-privacy-statement
Skip to main content
GDPR Privacy Statement
GDPR Privacy Statement: Collecting your personal data and what we do with it:
What we need:
In order to make an appointment for you, we need your basic personal information including your name, address and contact details. We will also record your age, GP and Consultant details. If you have private healthcare, we record details of your insurance policy. When we treat you, we will store your clinical notes and information sent to us by other medical contacts such as your Consultant or GP.
Why we need it:
We need this information as it is a legal requirement that we keep accurate records of patients that we see and the medical treatment that we provide. We also need it so that we can claim payment, either directly from yourself for the treatment we provide to you, or from your private health insurer.
What we do with it:
We may share your information, along with your treatment details, with any of the following, as required: GP, Consultant, health insurance, MSK partnership. We do not share your personal information with other third parties except to aid in recovering bad debts.
How long we keep it:
We are required by law to keep your information for a period of 7 years, but after that we will keep it on file indefinitely, unless instructed by you to remove it, because if you need to return to us for further treatment in the future, information about previous treatments may be beneficial.
What we would also like to do with it:
We would like to use your information to let you know about things that are happening at the practice (such as new physiotherapists starting, or changes to opening times etc.). You can unsubscribe at any time from receiving this information. We will not use automated phone or SMS based marketing.
What are your rights?
If at any point you think that information we hold on you is incorrect, you may ask to see this information, and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint about how we have handled your information, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Becki Read, who will investigate the matter for you. If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are using your information not in accordance with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
Appointments
Our team
Testimonials
Contact
Common conditions
Why physiotherapy?
Sports massage
News
Links
Home
Wadhurst and Crowborough Physiotherapy and Sports Injury Clinic
High St, Wadhurst, TN5 6AG, East Sussex
|
01892 785095
Saxonbury House, Croft Road, Crowborough, TN6 1DL, East Sussex
|
01892 785095
96-98 High Street, Heathfield, TN21 8JD, East Sussex
|
01892 785095
info@wadhurst-physio.co.uk
Log in
Copyright
Privacy Statement