https://www.myeloma.org.uk/legal-statements/
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
INFOLINE: 0800 980 3332
DONATE NOW
Infoline: 0800 980 3332
Office: 0131 557 3332
Understanding myeloma
Understanding myeloma
From diagnosis to common complications, here you’ll find all the information you need to help you better understand myeloma.
View Section
What is myeloma?
What causes myeloma?
Diagnosis
Symptoms & complications
Treating myeloma
Treating myeloma
Initial treatmentSupportive care treatmentsTreatment for relapsed myelomaClinical trials and novel drugs
Related conditions
Related conditions
AL amyloidosisMGUSPlasma cell leukaemiaPOEMSSmouldering myelomaSolitary plasmacytoma
Help & Support
Help & Support
We provide a number of services, support and advice to help you cope with a diagnosis and manage myeloma ongoing.
View Section
Myeloma Infoline
Ask the Nurse
Support Groups
Patient and family digital events
Living well with myeloma
Living well with myeloma
TravelRelationshipsDiet & exerciseEmotional & psychological supportFinancesPlanning ahead
Support for carers
COVID-19 information hub
Forum
Forum
Register
Fundraising & Donations
Fundraising & Donations
We use your donations and contributions to work towards finding a cure. We can also assist with your own fundraising efforts.
View Section
How your money helps
Donations
Donations
Donate monthlyDonate nowGifts in willsGiving in memoryGiving in celebrationOther ways to givePhilanthropy
Do your own fundraising
Do your own fundraising
Planning your own eventBoosting your incomeAfter your eventBecome a partnerTell us about your event
Take part in an event
Take part in an event
Running eventsWalking eventsCycling eventsChallengesTell us about your event
Lost in Lapland
Campaigns
Myeloma UK Lottery
Gift Aid explained
Research & Patient Advocacy
Research & Patient Advocacy
We work to find the best treatments and make them available, to improve patient care and, ultimately, find a cure for myeloma.
View Section
Clinical Trials
Clinical Trials
Myeloma UK Clinical TrialsClinical Trial Finder
Myeloma Drug Finder
Translational research programme
Health Services Research Programme
Patient and Carer Research Panel
Patient Advocacy
Advocacy Partner Panel
For Researchers
Research Advisory Group
Our Role
Our Role
We are the only organisation in the UK which deals exclusively with myeloma. Discover more about us and how we work.
View Section
Our strategy
Our impact
Our values
Our people
Our board
Our president
Our annual reports
News & Stories
News & Stories
Read the latest news and updates from Myeloma UK.
View Section
Myeloma UK News
Fundraising News
Research News
Patient Advocacy News
Patient Stories
Sign up to our e-newsletter
Myeloma UK Blog
Search
Publications
Videos
Forum
Shop
Healthcare Professionals
Press
page
Home // Legal Statements Legal Statements
Share
The following legal statements cover:
Policy on the use of animals in funded research
The fundraising promise
Working with the pharmaceutical industry
Policy on the use of animals in funded research
Myeloma UK acknowledges that under some circumstances, the use of animals is essential for some types of medical research and believes that the ethical use of animals is appropriate and necessary to further treatment, prevention and cure of myeloma and its complications
Myeloma UK is a member of the Association of Medical Research Charities (AMRC) and follows the AMRC position on the use of animals in medical research. This can be downloaded from here
All research projects involving the use of animals are licensed by the Home Office and all the researchers and the procedures on which the experiments are performed must be licensed. All these processes are rigorously policed by the Home Office Inspectorate
From time to time Myeloma UK approves projects involving the use of animals when there is no suitable or practical alternative. Such grants are only awarded when researchers provide convincing arguments that:
The research question is of sufficient importance and justifies the use of animals
The research question cannot be answered using alternative methods
The number of animals is the minimum required to answer that question
The appropriate species is chosen
The proposed experiment should answer the research question
There is absolute adherence at all times to Home Office regulations relating to the husbandry, pain and distress of the animals
Experiments will only be performed on premises of the highest standards licensed by the Home Office
We at Myeloma UK appreciate that some people have strong and personal views about animal research. Any of our supporters who prefer not to support research that involves the use of animals can restrict their donations either to research in our programme that does not involve animals, or to our other objectives: education, awareness, information and support.
You can read the AMRC publication ‘Why do medical research charities fund animal research?’ here.
The Fundraising Promise
This donor charter has been produced to assure donors and potential donors of the accountability and integrity of Myeloma UK.
When you make or consider making a donation to Myeloma UK, we undertake that:
All communications surrounding the donation will be honest, truthful and will comply with the law
Your  donation will be applied to the purpose for which it was originally requested or intended and as quickly as possible
You will receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition, including, where applicable, progress reports on relevant activities
Your name or contact details will not be passed onto any other organisation
Your rights to privacy will be respected and you will not be subject to any type of pressure
We will comply within the law relating to fundraising and the use of personal data as outlined by the Data Protection Act (1998)
Fundraisers and all other Myeloma UK staff will strive to achieve the highest professional standards at all times
We will respond to any concerns or feedback you have relating to these points, including any complaints
Working with the pharmaceutical industry
Myeloma UK understands the importance of working in partnership with all stakeholders with an interest in myeloma, including the pharmaceutical industry, to achieve common goals. We acknowledge that both collaborative working and financial support from pharmaceutical companies is vital but at the same time we recognise the need for such partnerships to be transparent and able to stand up to scrutiny.
As a result, Myeloma UK has developed a policy document defining how we engage with the pharmaceutical industry. This will ensure we can withstand external scrutiny of our decisions and actions whilst at the same time allowing us freedom to work in a way which ultimately benefits myeloma patients and their families.
Copyright Myeloma UK 2020
Close
Cookie use on our siteThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please indicate your preference below, or read our Cookie Information to find out more.
Accept Reject Customise CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you explore our website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for making sure the website works properly for you. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website, and for marketing purposes. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out of these cookies.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Always enabled, these cookies are required for the website to work properly, such as when you view videos or add items to the shopping cart.
Analytics
analytics
To help us understand how you use our website and tailor the site to meet your needs, we use analytics cookies. It’s important to remember we can’t identify individuals with this type of cookie, but it does give us an overview of what works well on our website and what doesn’t.
Advertisement
advertisement
We use advertising cookies to deliver highly relevant advertisements to our audiences, through platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram.
Functional
functional
These cookies are needed for certain elements of our website to work properly, although it will generally work without these. Some links may not work correctly, for example.
Save & Accept