http://www.scnm.edu/lp/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Information: Learn more.
Request Info
Patients
Donate Now
I am a
Future Student
Current Student
SCNM Alumnus
Donor
Patient
Medicinary Shopper
Programsopen menu
School of Naturopathic Medicineopen menu
Doctor of Naturopathic Medicine
Requirements
Tuition
Clinical Training
Concurrent Degrees
Residencies
NPLEX Exam Preparation
Naturopathic Medicine
Honors Tracks
School of Nutritionopen menu
MS in Clinical Nutrition
MS in Nutrition Business Leadership
Requirements
Tuition
Online Learning
Professional Trainingopen menu
Injection Therapy
Corporate Wellness
Admissionsopen menu
Visit
Requirements
Tuition
Financial Aid
Admissions Events
Contact Admissions
Researchopen menu
Research Publications
Presentations
Projects
Research Team
Student Lifeopen menu
Campus Life
Student Government
Student Resources
Consumer Information
Calendar Of Events
Givingopen menu
Corporate Giving
Scholarships
Sage Foundation
Donate
Alumniopen menu
Alumni News
SCNM Alumni Association
Featured Alumniopen menu
Private Practice
Integrative Medicine
Public Health
Non-Clinical
Alumni Resources
Alumni Events
About SCNMopen menu
Accreditation
Facilities
Faculty
Trustees & Executive Council
Community Outreach
Blog
Apply Now
Request Info
Patients
Donate Now
SCNM Privacy Policy
Online Privacy and Cookies Policy
Effective date: July 31, 2020
Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine& Health Sciences (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.scnm.edu website (the “Site”).We are committed to taking reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity, and privacy of your information in accordance with this Online Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Our policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard information we collect online. This policy does not apply to information collected offline.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Online Privacy Policy, terms used in this Online Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.scnm.edu.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Site to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Site is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Site and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Site.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website. The latest versions of internet browsers provide cookie management tools, such as the ability to delete or reject cookies. We recommend that you refer to information supplied by browser providers for more specific information, including how to use these tools. For additional information on cookies and online tracking visit: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking.
Use of Data
Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine uses data collected online for the following purposes:
Personal Data:
To evaluate student applications
To improve our program operation and offerings
To send periodic emails
Usage Data:
To provide and maintain the Site
To notify you about changes to our Site
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Site
To monitor the usage of the Site
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Southwest College of Naturopathic Medicine
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site
To protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Site Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site (“Site Providers”), to provide the Site on our behalf, to perform Site-related Sites or to assist us in analyzing how our Site is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Site Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Site.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics Site offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Site. This data is shared with other Google Sites. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Site available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. Our Online Privacy Policy does not apply to any site except for our Site.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or Sites.We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Children’s Privacy
Our Site does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.