https://www.careercert.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We Are Committed to Your Privacy
CareerCert is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing CareerCert.com, you acknowledge and fully understand CareerCert’s privacy statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this website privacy statement.
Information We Collect
CareerCert collects and stores a variety of information from its website visitors. Some of this data is not personally identifiable and is collected and stored automatically via the use of cookies. A cookie is a small file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive and may contain the following information:
Your internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or device you use to access the site.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
This information lets us see how users are finding our website and tells us which pages are visited most often. Cookies may also be used to recognize you and give you access to specific areas of our website. You can opt out of the use of cookies by having your browser disable cookies or warn you before accepting a cookie, although doing so may impact your user experience. For more information on cookies, including how you can delete or reject cookies, please refer to your web browser help file.
CareerCert collects and stores in our database certain personal information provided when you register with us. This information may include without limitation: name, address, email address, and phone number. In addition we may collect your credit card number in order to process your order and collect payment. We also collect other information to help us provide a more tailored experience, such as provider type, license information, and license expiration.
We do not ever knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen, nor is our website designed to provide any service to children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal information. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal information to us, please contact us and we will attempt to remove that information from our databases.
Use of Information
Non-personally identifiable information is used to help us improve our website by enabling us to discover and address the needs of our website visitors. This includes making our website accessible to the various web browsers and operating systems used to access our website.
CareerCert may use third parties, including Google, Facebook, etc, to show you CareerCert ads when you visit different sites on the internet. These third parties use cookies to collect non-personal information and show ads based on your prior visits to the CareerCert website. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Advertising Initiative opt out page or you can opt out of the use of cookies generally by having your browser disable cookies or warn you before accepting a cookie. However, opting out of Google’s use of cookies or the use of cookies generally may impact your user experience. For more information on cookies, including how you can delete or reject cookies, please refer to your web browser help file.
By supplying your contact information when registering for one of our courses or by filling out a web form, you authorize CareerCert and its agents to contact you (using the information you provide to us) about CareerCert or its agent’s products and services, including product releases and updates, seminars, events, surveys, training, and special offers. You can opt-out of future communications from CareerCert by sending an email to careercertsupport@carruslearn.com or by calling 1-877-458-9498.
We occasionally send invitations to receive notifications and messages via text messaging. By replying JOIN or providing your mobile phone number in response to an email invitation, you are agreeing to receive up to 5 automated text messages a month. Promotional texts may include updates and offers, including exclusive text only offers. Your consent to receive marketing messages is not required to make a purchase. Message and data rates may apply. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. To unsubscribe to text message alerts, text STOP to 36343, or email careercertsupport@carruslearn.com or call 1-877-458-9498 to cancel your participation. If you cancel, you can opt back in at any time.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary, including:
Submitting your credit hours completed to national and or state accreditation agencies.
Fulfilling your requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability.
In response to legal process or to comply with law, or
As part of a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
CareerCert, as a requirement of CAPCE accreditation will submit a record of course completions to the CAPCE AMS. Course completion records may be accessed by or shared with such regulators as state EMS offices, training officers, and the NREMT on a password-protected, need-to-know basis. You may review your record of CAPCE-accredited course completions by contacting CAPCE.
Security
We use secure socket layer technology and encryption when transmitting personal information from you to our computers ( see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Sockets_Layer). Procedures have been instituted to prevent unauthorized access to your information as well as to safeguard it generally. We hold personal data behind a firewall on a secure server.
Accessing Your Personal Information
CareerCert wants your information to be accurate and complete and recognizes that access and comment is necessary. Your personal information is retained in an account profile, which you may access and edit. This is held under your account and, after verifying your identity, you may fix errors or make other changes. You may also request that CareerCert not disclose your personal contact information to third parties.
Additional California Privacy Disclosures
If you are a California resident, the processing of certain personal data about you may be subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other applicable California state privacy laws. Beginning January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives you certain rights with respect to the processing of your personal data (known as “personal information,” as described under the CCPA).
Personal Information Collected and Processed
Categories of personal information collected may include:
Identifiers such as your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card number or other payment information.
Characteristics of protected classification under California or federal law, such as age or gender.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing and search history and information regarding your interaction with our website.
Geolocation data as provided by your IP address
Professional or employment related information.
Education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Right and Privacy Act.
Inferences drawn from any of the foregoing information, including a consumer’s preferences.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose may include:
Identifiers such as your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card number or other payment information.
Characteristics of protected classification under California or federal law, such as age or gender.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing and search history and information regarding your interaction with our website.
Geolocation data as provided by your IP address
Professional or employment related information.
Education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Right and Privacy Act.
Inferences drawn from any of the foregoing information, including a consumer’s preferences.
Sale of Personal Information
Under the CCPA, a “sale” means providing to a third party personal information for valuable consideration. We do not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties except as outlined in the “Use of Information” section above. In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, CareerCert has not sold any personal information to third parties, as those terms are defined in the California Consumer Protection Act.
Requests to Exercise Your Rights
RIGHT TO KNOW REQUEST – Under the CCPA, you have a right to request information about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information over the prior 12 months, and ask that we provide you with the following information:
Categories of and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
Purpose for collecting, using, or selling personal information.
Categories of third parties with which we share personal information.
Categories of personal information disclosed about you for a business purpose.
If applicable, categories of personal information sold about you and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to which the personal information was sold.
To make a verifiable request for information about the personal information we have collected about you, please contact us at careercertsupport@carruslearn.com.
RIGHT TO DELETE REQUEST – You also have a right to request that we delete personal information, subject to certain exceptions. You may exercise your right to delete by emailing us at careercertsupport@carruslearn.com.
HOUSEHOLD REQUESTS – We currently do not collect household data. If all the members of a household makes a Right to Know or Right to Delete request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests.
REQUESTS, GENERALLY – You may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information twice per 12-month period. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA.
REQUESTS MADE THROUGH AGENTS – You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.