https://www.midwifery.edu/privacy-policy/
Midwives College of Utah
Midwifing Midwives
MCU Login
Home
About MCU
Donate
Why MCU?
Midwives College of Utah Program Goals
Community Rules of Caring
Complaint Policy
Equity and Social Justice Position Statement
Equity and Social Justice Agenda: Actions & Initiatives
Ethical Review Board
Employment Opportunity
Health and Safety
MCU Update on COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
Title IX Policy
MCU Virtual Yearbook
Measures of Student Achievement
Non-Discrimination Policy
Preceptors
Privacy and Social Media Policy
Professional Licensure Disclosure
Meet Midwives College of Utah Staff, Faculty, and Board of Directors
Student Handbook & Course Catalog
Potential Students
What is a Midwife?
Application Process & Frequently Asked Questions
Admissions Open House
Student Handbook & Course Catalog
Distance Education
Continuing Education Courses for College Credit
Academy of Continuing Education
Midwifery Program Overview
Tuition and Payment Options
Financial Aid Information
Scholarship Resources
MCU’s Briana Blackwelder Scholarship Fund
Student Center
Academic Calendar
Registration
Store
Academy of Continuing Education
Conference Workshops
Books and Supplies
Accessories and Drinkware
Apparel
Student Code of Conduct
Consumer Information
Fee Schedule 2020
FERPA and You
Financial Aid Information
Scholarship Resources
MCU’s Briana Blackwelder Scholarship Fund
Student Conferences and Integrated Assessments
Student Council
Student Services
Textbook List
Graduate Program
Benefits of Obtaining a Master’s Degree in Midwifery (MSM)
The Graduate Program Community
Conferences
Skill Suites by MCU
Skill Suites Schedule
Gala RSVP
Student Conferences and Integrated Assessments
Conference FAQ
Housing, Meals, & Transportation
Conference Refund Policy
Donate
Prospective Midwives
Join the maternity care and birth culture revolution!
Earn your Bachelor or Master of Science degree and see why MCU is
one of the most respected, MEAC-accredited distance education midwifery programs in the nation. The Fall 2021 Trimester application deadline is March 1, 2021.
Apply Now
Privacy and Social Media Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Midwives College of Utah collects and uses your personal information to deliver the services you have requested as a faculty or staff member, an applicant, continuing education student or matriculated student. Midwives College of Utah does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY
To connect with MCU on social media, please join MCU’s Facebook page. Though there are other social media groups made up of past, present and aspiring MCU students, this is the only Facebook group moderated, for accuracy, by MCU staff. We expect social media posts by MCU faculty, students and staff to be in alignment with the Student Code of Conduct which provides an agreed-upon set of expectations designed to encourage and enforce responsible and respectful behavior in the larger community setting, thus serving as a mechanism by which to positively impact the entire profession of midwifery.
Contact UsMidwives College of Utah1174 E Graystone Way STE 2Salt Lake City, UT 84106
1-866-680-27561-801-649-5230ext. 800 Receptionistext. 802 Registrarext. 804 Clinicalext. 805 Financial Aid Questionsext. 806 Financial Aid Directorext. 812 Academic Dean ext. 814 Admissions Director
Fax: 1-866-207-2024office@midwifery.edu
Student Resources2021 Academic Calendar2020 Academic Calendar
2020 Summer Student Handbook
2020 Fall Student Handbook
2021 Winter Student Handbook
MCU: Anniversary in Review Spring 2020Health and SafetyMCU Update on COVID-19Title IX PolicyConsumer Information
Academy of Continuing EducationMidwives College of Utah offers on demand evidence-based training ona variety of topics for maternal health providers. Visit midwifery.edu/ACEMidwifery BillingSustainable Midwifery
Home | About MCU | Potential Students | Student Center | Faculty
Midwives College of Utah © 2012. All rights reserved.