http://www.lakewalk.com/privacy-policy.php
Call Us: (218) 728-0650
Show Menu
Home
About
Patient/Pre-Operative
Information
Insurance and Billing
Information
Quality Care
Statistics
Total Joint
Replacement
Robotic Joint
Replacement
Contact
Privacy Policy
Lakewalk Surgery Center is aware of the security of your private information and its usage when passed to us through our website and/or other communications.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.lakewalk.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by Lakewalk Surgery Center. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new menu items or specials, business news or changes to this privacy policy.
Google Analytics
We utilize Google Analytics, a Google web tracking tool which provides data feedback regarding website traffic, sources and sessions. Learn more about how Google uses data that has been collected.In addition, Google Analytics can utilize data from its DoubleClick application. This application is able to distinguish demographic information and interests, which can be used for marketing purposes. For more information on Google Analytics and DoubleClick, view the Google Advertising Policy FAQ.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. Our website takes advantage of security measures such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, looking up a recent purchase) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
For further questions or inquiries regarding our privacy policy, please submit a request via our website contact form.
Google Map
Quick Links
About
Patient/Pre-Operative Information
Insurance and Billing Information
Quality Care Statistics
Total Joint Replacement
Related Links
Employment
Contact
Privacy Policy
Contact
1420 LONDON ROAD, SUITE 100
DULUTH, MN 55805
218-728-0650
Like Us on Facebook