http://www.tcsar.org/privacy.php
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Travis County Search & Rescue is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Travis County Search & Rescue Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Travis County Search & Rescue website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationTravis County Search & Rescue does not collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number, through this website. Travis County Search & Rescue does not collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Travis County Search & Rescue. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Travis County Search & Rescue for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Travis County Search & Rescue Web site.Travis County Search & Rescue encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Travis County Search & Rescue so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Travis County Search & Rescue is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Travis County Search & Rescue family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationTravis County Search & Rescue Web sites will disclose your collected personal information as previously described, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Travis County Search & Rescue or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Travis County Search & Rescue; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Travis County Search & Rescue, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Travis County Search & Rescue Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Travis County Search & Rescue pages, or register with Travis County Search & Rescue site or services, a cookie helps Travis County Search & Rescue to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Travis County Search & Rescue Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Travis County Search & Rescue features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Travis County Search & Rescue services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationTravis County Search & Rescue secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Travis County Search & Rescue secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Changes to this StatementTravis County Search & Rescue will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect feedback. Travis County Search & Rescue encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Travis County Search & Rescue is protecting your information.Contact InformationTravis County Search & Rescue welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Travis County Search & Rescue has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Travis County Search & Rescue at technology@tcsar.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.