http://www.debra.org/get-help/eb-nurse-educator-program
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Get Help
EB Nurse Educator Program
EB Nurse Educator Program
Debra
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Travel
School Resources
EB Camps
EB Cards
Hospital Care Tips
Bereavement
Medical Supply Companies
Access to the right information is vital to the overall health of you and your child. At no cost to you, our EB Nurse is here to answer your questions as they relate to many areas of EB care. Get advice today.
When you have questions about EB, it helps to have an expert to turn to. Sometimes people just want access to healthcare information, resources, support, or even just a calm voice to help settle concerns.
Whether you’re worried about an upcoming surgery, need help learning how to bandage a certain area, or want to ask a question that has been on your mind, our EB Nurse Educator can educate you and help answer questions. Call 866-DEBRA76 (866-332-7276) or email nurse@debra.org.
Since 2002, our EB Nurse Educator Program has been a trusted source of accurate, timely information for individuals with EB, their family members, and the medical community. Our EB Nurse can help you when you have questions about health concerns or need EB-care information.
All calls and emails are kept completely confidential, and common topics include:
Treatment options for primary and secondary complications of EB
Palliative care
Wound care
Bandaging techniques
Genetic testing
Clinical trials in progress
Physician referrals to related professionals
Symptoms, medications and side effects, and more
Find Answers
Services are available via toll-free phone call, email, or by completing the online form below.
Phone (toll-free): 866-DEBRA-RN (866-332-7276)
Email: nurse@debra.org
Not only are our Nurse Educators experts in EB management, but they also provide a caring support system for families living with EB. We are here to help.
Related Resources
EB Care FAQ
We've compiled a list of Commonly Asked Questions that our EB Nurse Educators have received from the Community.
Learn More
How To: Care for Blisters
Blisters occur in most forms of EB. We offer helpful suggestions on how to care for them.
Learn More
"Ask the Nurse" Blog Posts
Check out our collection of "Ask the Nurse" Blog posts that highlight a range of commonly asked questions that our EB Nurse Educators receive.
Learn More
*Please note that all medical information given by debra of America is for informational purposes only. Our information is not intended to substitute the care and guidance given by a qualified physician. All regimens of care should be discussed with the patient's physician. Always check with your physician prior to starting any medications or treatment regimens.
Search
Sign up for our Newsletter
75 Broad Street |Suite 300
New York | NY 10004
212-868-1573
212-868-9296
staff@debra.org
Footer Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Donate
Donor Privacy Policy
Shop
debra of America has earned the highest possible rating of 4 stars from Charity Navigator, the nation's leading charity evaluator.
© Copyright 2020, debra of America, All Rights Reserved | The Dystrophic Epidermolysis Bullosa Research Association of America, d/b/a debra of America is a registered 501(c)(3) tax exempt organization. | All Trademarks and Brands are Property of Their Respective Owners. debra of America does not endorse any drugs, tests, or treatments that we may report. This website is for informational purposes, always check with your physician before adopting any medical treatment. | EIN: 11-2519726
Debra
About Us
What We Do
Meet the Team
DEBRA International
Donor Privacy Policy
Annual Reports & Financials
Downloadable Materials
Connect With Us
About EB
EB in Depth
Clinical Trials
Personal Stories
EB in the News
How To
Care for Wounds
Care for Blisters
Care for Newborns
Choose Products
Prepare a Bath
Recognize Infection
EB Care Tips
Get Help
Wound Care Distribution
EB Nurse Educator
New Family Advocate
Legal Aid
Smile Fund
debra Care Conference
Other Resources
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Fundraise
Host a Supporter Led Event
Government Advocacy
Join an Action Group
Internship
Volunteer
Purchase with Purpose
Subscribe to Emails
Events
debra-Hosted Events
Supporter Led Events
TEAM DEBRA
Awareness & Advocacy Events
Search
Donate