http://www.opatoday.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy - Ontario Pharmacists Association
Search
Ontario Pharmacists Association
Sign In
For the Public
About OPA
Audited Financial Statements
Board By-law
Committees & Charters
Corporate Partners
Become a Pharmacist
How Pharmacists Help
How Pharmacists Help | Quit Smoking
Pharmacists Help | Pregnant, Nursing
Pharmacists Help | Out of meds
Resources | MedsCheck Program
Your Pharmacist Helps | OTCs
Important Health Information
Important Information – Methadone
Important Phone Numbers & Websites
OHIP+
Your Pharmacist Helps | Influenza
Tips & Common Questions
Tip Sheets
Tip Sheet | Medications, Heat & Cold
Tip Sheet | Treat & Prevent Sunburn
Tip Sheet | Treat & Prevent Flu
How Your Pharmacist Can Help
For Pharmacy Professionals
Be an OPA pharmacist
Membership with OPA is the best way to support a successful career.
Join Today
Access to drug information
DIRC offers subscribers quick and easy answers to drug-related questions.
Learn More
Continuing education for you
Our CCCEP-accredited programs help you enhance your skills and knowledge.
View Courses
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
By accessing this website and other sub domains and connected sites (referred to collectively as the “Site”), you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations.  The Ontario Pharmacists Association (OPA) reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time without notice.
Use Licence
Permission is granted to download the materials on this Site for limited personal and educational use. This is a grant of a licence, not a transfer of title, and under this licence you may not modify, copy or republish the materials, or remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials, or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.  Unless otherwise indicated, all information contained on the Site including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips  is copyrighted by and proprietary to OPA.  Use of any licensed stock imagery is limited to personal use and the copyright remains with the licensor.
User Content
By accessing and/or using the Site you may provide us with Personal Information as described in our Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy, which governs the collection, use, storage and disclosure of such Personal Information.
The Site provides features that allow you to post messages and content to interact with OPA and other pharmacists. You are solely responsible for your own posts and content and the consequences of posting or publishing them. By providing information and content to the Site, you automatically grant OPA a non-exclusive, royalty-free, licence to use, reproduce, modify, translate into different formats, and republish any such posts and content. You represent and warrant that you own or have the rights to use and license OPA to use the content in the manner contemplated by these Terms. The Ontario Pharmacists Association is not responsible for the content of any user posts and content and user posts and content do not represent the views or opinions of OPA.
The Ontario Pharmacists Association may review all content and may remove or refuse to post any content to the Site whether or not the user content is in violation of these Terms of Use or otherwise objectionable. You acknowledge and agree that OPA may, in its sole discretion, monitor the Site periodically and disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental or Court request, to operate the Site properly, or to protect itself or other users of the Site.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The Ontario Pharmacists Association does not give any warranty or other assurance as to the operation, quality or functionality of the Site. Access to the Site may be interrupted, restricted or delayed for any reason. The Ontario Pharmacists Association also does not give any warranty or other assurance as to the content of the material appearing on the Site, its accuracy, completeness, timelessness or fitness for any particular purpose. The Site and the materials provided on the Site are provided "as is" and "as available" without representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied.
Limitation of Liability
To the full extent permissible by law, OPA disclaims all responsibility for any damages or losses (including, without limitation, financial loss, damages for loss in business projects, loss of profits or other consequential losses) arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the Site or any material appearing on the Site, or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the Site or any such material. The Site contains links to external sites. The Ontario Pharmacists Association is not responsible for and has no control over the content of such sites. The Ontario Pharmacists Association has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by OPA of such linked site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk. The Ontario Pharmacists Association disclaims all responsibility and liability (including for negligence) in relation to information on or accessible from such linked site.
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacyThe Ontario Pharmacists Association is committed to respecting the privacy of individuals and recognizes the need of people with whom we do business (members, non-members, clients, customers, patients), and employees for the appropriate management and protection of any Personal Information that you agree to provide to us.  Personal Information means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.
Providing Personal Information to OPA and using this Site mean that you agree and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information by the OPA in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Management Plan includes guidelines on the collection, storage, use and retention of your Personal Information as follows:
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, places of practice, etc., when voluntarily submitted by visitors to the Site. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.  It may also be used to provide programs and services to you, and to establish and maintain our relationship with you.  We will limit the collection and use of Personal Information to that required for valid business purposes of OPA or to comply with legislation. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
We share your Personal Information only with employees for the purposes described above.  We may also disclose your Personal Information to third party service providers for such purposes, who will be obligated to protect your Personal Information.  We may also disclose your Personal Information where required by law.
We make use of Google Analytics. A description of how Google Analytics collects and processes data is set out in “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).
Please note that we have also implemented the following specific Google Analytics Advertising Features:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and identifiers.
We use cookies, that is, small files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive, to remember a user's code, subscriptions, and preferences while the user is using the OPA website, to facilitate navigating different pages on the OPA website, to personalize the user’s experience when returning to the OPA website, to identify opportunities to improve the user experience, and to customize ads you see when visiting the OPA website, and third party sites. Also, as a result of us enabling the Advertising Reporting Features, in addition to collecting the information it normally does, Google Analytics collects information via its Google advertising cookies: see https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2444872#web.
Should you wish to opt out of the Google Analytics advertising features, you may do so at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Accuracy
We will make every reasonable effort to ensure that the Personal Information we collect and use is accurate and complete. Individuals providing Personal Information will on written request have the opportunity to review and correct their Personal Information, and on written request by an individual to whom the information relates, the organization will modify the information as required.
Commitment to Data Security and Retention
The Ontario Pharmacists Association takes reasonable steps to make sure that your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized persons, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.   We will keep your Personal Information only as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us by email at privacy@opatoday.com. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.This Privacy Policy was last updated November 15, 2013.
Back to top
© 2000/2020 Ontario Pharmacists Association
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Sign In
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy