http://www.serenityshoppe.org/privacy-policy
Disclaimer
Diane Armstrong
The information contained on this site is an interpretation of my experience. Your experience may or may not be the same because we are all unique Beings, each with our own personal journey.
Consequently I, Diane Armstrong, trust that since you have found this site you are already someone with the wisdom to choose what is best for you.
References to other sites when provided are an information service only and should not necessarily be construed as an endorsement. Conversely, omissions should not be construed as non-endorsement. Although every care is taken to provide links to suitable material from this site, the nature of the Internet prevents any of us from guaranteeing the suitability, completeness or accuracy of any of the material that this site may be linked to.
Copyright
This work is copyright. Permission is given for non-profit electronic viewing, via the Internet. Apart from this, it is respectfully requested that no part be reproduced by any process without permission from Diane Armstrong and other stated copyright holders except where explicitly allowed.
Privacy Policy
No personal information is collected from viewers of this web site or stored on this web server without their knowledge and consent. Any queries about this site and its policies should be directed to Diane Armstrong using the email address PlanBeQueen@gmail.com.
Enjoy your visit. I always enjoy serving you.
Please share the Love...FacebookemailPinterestTwitterStumbleUpon
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Hi there!
I'm Diane Armstrong, the proprietor of The Serenity Shoppe, and a life-long self-care advocate.
In addition to the usual schooling, my formal education includes Reiki Master, Spiritual Life Coach, Manicurist, Essential Oils, Flower Essences & Handcrafted Product Development.
I closed the brick and mortar Shoppe in 2019 to
travel
and offer Reiki nationwide. I look forward to meeting you on this exciting level of connection!Categories
Aromatherapy (3)
For the Home (2)
De-Cluttering (4)
Farmers Markets (1)
Uncategorized (6)
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Brick & Mortor Location
Pages
Calendar
Reiki Sessions
What Is Reiki?
Reiki Training
Natural Nail Salon
Spiritual Coaching
Disclaimer / Copyright / Privacy Policy
Schedule Appointments Online