http://www.holistichealthtools.com/privacy-policy.html
Holistic Health and Natural Healing Articles ~
Home
Search
What is Holistic Health
Contact
Children's Health
Women's Health Portal
Men's Health Portal
Senior Health Portal
Holistic Health Tools Privacy Policy and Affiliate Ad Disclosure
Suggested Reading:
Help for Urinary Tract Infections
Holistic Health Tools does not collect, sell or otherwise use any private information from visitors. We do not collect email addresses. We do, however, place ads as a way of generating income. One of those advertising partners is google adsense. Below, you will find important information about how google ads work.
How google targets ads: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Affiliate Ad Disclosure: Another way Holistic Health Tools generates income is through recommending health products we believe our readers may find useful. These holistic health products are promoted via affiliate programs. We appreciate your visiting sites of interest through the Holistic Health Tools links and also welcome feedback on any of the recommended health care products we share here, by way of our contact information, linked at the top of this page.
Specifically, whenever you see Native Remedies products linked, those are suggested by Holistic Health Tools as safe and effective natural remedies. Likewise, you may see information on improving your vision with the Rebuild Your Vision program. According to what we've read, this is one of the most effective vision improvement programs online today. Other affiliate programs include, but are not limited to zenmed, clickbank, linkshare and shareasale programs.
Featured Natural Remedy from Zenmed - Rosacea Support: