http://www.healthyweightforum.org/eng/privacy.asp
Healthy Weight Forum
Healthy Weight Forum » Privacy
Privacy Statement
Details submitted by members are kept strictly private and solely for the use of the forum to maintain user profiles for members and to contact members.
To protect your privacy the Coordinators recommend you do not disclose your email address in your profile unless you are happy for people to email you. A better way to communicate with other forum members is to use the Private Messenger facility on the forum. Email addresses are used by our community section to email login information to our members. We do not use this information to contact any members other than forum login purposes.
Member details are NOT provided to any third party, including any advertiser, sponsor, etc. of the forum. We value your privacy.
With respect to cookies: We also use cookies within our Community section to hold login information and personal preferences. Any cookies you receive from us contain no personal information of any sort and are there simply to make your visit to our site more convenient, by remembering your passwords or other repetitive data for you, if you so choose.
CALCULATORS & TOOLS...
NEW MyWW Food & Allowance Calculator
WW Freestyle Calculator
Calories Required To Lose Weight
Weight Watchers Points
Keto Calculator
NEWWeight Loss Visual Hack
Body Mass Index Calculator
Calories Burned Activity Calculator
Weight Tracker
Pounds to Kilo Converter
DIET REVIEWS...
Top 10 Diets 2019
WW Freestyle Free
NEW MyWW
WW Freestyle
Low Carb Diet
The Keto Diet
Slimming World
Meal Prep
Intermittent Fasting
Atkins 40
Diabetic Diet
21 Day Fix
The Paleo Diet
Whole 30
Vegetarian Diet
Mediterranean Diet
WEIGHT LOSS ARTICLES...
WW Freestyle HACK
Fat Burning Foods
Eat Fat to Lose Fat
My Secret Weight Loss Foods
Lose Fat and Get Lean in 15 Easy Steps
Eat & Exercise for Your Body Type
How To Count Calories
Weight Loss Surgery
HEALTH & WELLNESS...
Any Time is Detox Time
Drinking More Water
Green Juice
Magnesium Deficiency
WEIGHT LOSS STORIES...
Tammy T -160 lbs
Lalaine "LadyL" -80 lbs
Barbara "Lilacbear"-188 lbs
TIPS & INSPIRATION...
30 Great Weight Loss Tips
Inspirational Quotes
HEALTHY RECIPES...
San Choy Bow
Chicken and Vegetable Slice
Crunchy Tuna Bake
About Us |
Contact Us
Terms of Use |
Disclaimer |
Privacy Statement
© Healthy Weight Forum 2003-2019
Healthy Weight Forum does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.
No part of this website, including content, images, photos may be copied, posted, or reproduced