http://www.clarityoptom.com.au/privacy-policy
privacy-policy
Pages
privacy-policy
Clarity Optometrists Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy, the expressions “Clarity”, “we”, “us” and “our” are a reference to Clarity by Ann Webber Optometrists Pty Ltd (ABN
93 050 493 126) and its Related Bodies Corporate (as defined by the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)).
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by us. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles and the Privacy
Act 1988 (Cth), which govern the way private sector organisations collect, use, keep secure and disclose personal information.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to generally inform people of:
• how and when we collect personal information;
• how we use and disclose personal information;
• how we keep personal information secure, accurate and up-to-date;
• how an individual can access and correct their personal information; and
• how we will facilitate or resolve a privacy complaint.
If you have any concerns or complaints about the manner in which your personal information has been collected, used or disclosed by us,
we have put in place an effective mechanism and procedure for you to contact us so that we can attempt to resolve the issue or complaint.
Please see Section 12 for further details.
If you have any concerns or questions, please contact us and our privacy officer at bulimba@clarityoptom.com.au
or write to us at 1/134 Oxford St Bulimba Q 4171 and our privacy officer will then attempt to resolve the issue.
We recommend that you keep this information for future reference.
1. What is personal information?
The Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) defines “personal information” to mean any information or an opinion about an identified individual, or
an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
• whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
• whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
2. The kinds of personal information collected, used and disclosed by Clarity
We will only use or disclose your personal information for the primary purposes for which it was collected or as consented to by you.
At or around the time we collect personal information from you, we will endeavour to provide you with a notice which details how we will
use and disclose that specific information.
We set out some common collection, use and disclosure instances in the table below.
PURPOSE
TYPE OF INFORMATION
USES
DISCLOSURES
Sales and enquiries
• Contact information: Such as your name, address, billing address (if different to address), email address, phone numbers, username and password.
Transaction Sales: Such as:
– Delivery information.
– Billing and account details.
– Payment card details.
Customer Service: Which includes:
– Information collected in connection by our customer services department, including information you provide via our website which are related to the services we provide to you.
– Your opinions, statements and endorsements collected personally or via surveys and questionnaires, including but not limited to your views on the products and services offered by Clarity.
The types of uses we will make of personal information collected for this type of purpose include:
Identity verification: if applicable, the verification of your identity.
Services: the provision of our services to you including:
– The administration and management of our products and services, including charging, billing, credit card authorisation and verification, credit-worthiness, fraud and collecting debts, which shall include but is not limited to instructing a debt collecting services in the event you have not paid for our services.
– To provide customer service functions, including handling customer enquiries and complaints.
Marketing: using your personal information for the purposes set out in “Marketing Services” section below.
General administrative and security use:
– To facilitate the administration and management of a optometry clinic, including but not limited to the use of your personal information collected in accordance with paragraph 3.1
– In connection with the improvement of our services (including to contact you about those improvements and asking you to participate in surveysabout our products and services) and the maintenance and development of our products and services, business systems and infrastructure.
– To provide customer services to clients and for quality assurance purposes.
– In relation to the sale, and matters in connection with a potential sale, of our business or company to a third party.
– Any other matters reasonably necessary to continue to provide our products and services to you.
The types of disclosures we will make of personal information collected for the type of purposes listed include, without limitation, to:
Service providers (including IT service providers and consultants) who assist Clarity in providing our products and services.
Our contractors and agents or other external companies who assist us in providing our products and services to you, including but not limited to any debt collection services and data storage providers.
As required or authorised by law.
Providing our medical services to you
• Contact information: Such as name, e-mail address, current postal and delivery address (if different to postal address), and phone numbers.
Employee record information: details relating to your employment (if applicable) or your previous employment.
Identifying information: Such as your photo, passport, birth certificate and date of birth
General information: Such as any medical conditions affecting your vision; any surgical procedures in connection with your vision; eyesight testing information and any other information that may be required in order for you to be provided the services we offer.
Medical or health information: Information regarding your health, medical information (including medical records) or any related sensitive personal information that may be required in order for you to be provided the optometry services we offer.
Contact information: Such as your name, email address, current postal and residential addresses and phone numbers.
• Services: Only for the provision of our products and services to you or as required or authorised by law.
We may disclose your personal information to:
External bodies necessary in connection with the services we offer to you such as the lens suppliers and manufactures.
Your doctor(s).
Medicare (Department of Human Services).
Health fund providers.
• Related entities and subsidiaries of Clarity
Marketing Services
• Contact information: Such as your name, email address, current postal and residential addresses and phone numbers.
• General marketing and consumer analytics: using your personal information:
– To aggregate with other information (or provide to a third party to aggregate) and to then use it for marketing and consumer analytics.
– To offer you updates on products, events or information that may be of interest to you.
– For Marketing and promotional activities by us and our related bodies (including by direct mail, telemarketing and email), SMS and MMS messages and via social media platforms.
– For the Uses detailed above in “Sales and enquiries”.
We may disclose your personal information to:
Third parties connected with the marketing process who assist us in providing our products and services to you, including but not limited to online survey providers, email and marketing service providers and social media platforms.
The parties listed in the Disclosure column for “Sales and enquiries”.
3. How Clarity collects and holds personal information
3.1 Collection generally
As much as possible or unless provided otherwise in this Privacy Policy or a notification, we will collect your personal information
directly from you.
When you engage in certain activities, such as filling out a survey or sending us feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information.
It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities.
Depending upon the reason for requiring the information, some of the information we ask you to provide may be identified as mandatory
or voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information or any other information we require in order for us to provide our products
or services to you, we may be unable to provide our products or services to you in an effective manner, or at all.
3.2 Other collection types
We may also collect personal information about you from other sources, such as competitions and also from third parties. Some examples
of these alternative collection events are:
(a) when we collect personal information about you from third parties; or
(b) when we collect personal information about you from publicly available sources including but not limited to, court judgments,
directorship and bankruptcy searches, Australia Post, White Pages directory, and social media platforms (such as Facebook, Twitter,
Google, Instagram etc).
3.3 Notification of collection
If we collect details about you from someone else, we will, whenever reasonably possible, make you aware that we have done this and
why, unless special circumstances apply, including as described in this clause 3.3(a) to 3.3(c) below. Generally speaking, we will
not tell you when we collect personal information about you in the following circumstances:
(a) where information is collected from any personal referee you have listed on any application form (including any employment application)
with Clarity;
(b) where information is collected from publicly available sources including but not limited to court judgments, directorship and
bankruptcy searches, social media platforms (such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, Instagram etc); or
(c) as otherwise required or authorised by law.
3.4 Unsolicited personal information
In the event we collect personal information from you, or a third party, in circumstances where we have not requested or solicited
that information (known as unsolicited information), and it is determined by Clarity (in its absolute discretion) that the personal
information is not required, we will destroy the information or ensure that the information is de-identified.
In the event that the unsolicited personal information collected is in relation to potential future employment with Clarity, such
as your CV, resume or candidacy related information, and it is determined by Clarity (in its absolute discretion) that it may consider
you for potential future employment, Clarity may keep the personal information on its human resource records.
3.5 How we hold your personal information
Once we collect your personal information, we will either hold it securely and store it on infrastructure owned or controlled by us
or with a third-party service provider who have taken reasonable steps to ensure they comply with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). We provide
some more general information on our security measures in Section 10 (Data security and quality).
3.6 Cookies and IP addresses
If you use our website, we may utilise “cookies” which enable us to monitor traffic patterns, trends and to serve you more efficiently
if you revisit our website. In most cases, a cookie does not identify you personally but may identify your internet service provider
or computer.
We may gather your IP address as part of our business activities and to assist with any operational difficulties or support issues
with our services. This information does not identify you personally.
However, in some cases, cookies may enable us to aggregate certain information with other personal information we collect and hold
about you. Clarity extends the same privacy protection to your personal information, whether gathered via cookies or from other sources,
as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and this will provide you with an opportunity to either accept or
reject it in each instance. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of our websites or take advantage
of the improved web site experience that cookies offer.
4. Uses and discloses of personal information
4.1 Use and disclose details
We provide a detailed list at Section 2 of some common uses and disclosures we make regarding the personal information we collect.
4.2 Other uses and disclosures
We may also use or disclose your personal information and in doing so we are not required to seek your additional consent:
(a) when it is disclosed or used for a purpose related to the primary purposes of collection detailed above and you would reasonably
expect your personal information to be used or disclosed for such a purpose;
(b) if we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure is necessary to lessen or prevent a serious or imminent threat to an individual’s
life, health or safety or to lessen or prevent a threat to public health or safety;
(c) if we have reason to suspect that unlawful activity has been, or is being, engaged in; or
(d) if it is required or authorised by law.
4.3 Use and disclosure procedures
In the event we propose to use or disclose such personal information other than for reasons set out in the above table at Section
2 or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy, we will first notify you or seek your consent prior to such disclosure or use.
Your personal information is disclosed to these organisations or parties only in relation to the products or services we provide to you
or for a purpose permitted by this Privacy Policy.
We take such steps as are reasonable to ensure that these organisations or parties are aware of the provisions of this Privacy Policy in
relation to your personal information.
4.4 Communications opt-out
If you have received communications from us and you no longer wish to receive those sorts of communications, you should contact us
via the details set out at the top of this document and we will ensure the relevant communication ceases. Any other use or disclosure
we make of your personal information will only be as required or authorised by law or as permitted by this Privacy Policy or otherwise
with your consent.
5. Sensitive information
5.1 Sensitive information generally
Sensitive information is a subset of personal information. It means information or opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic
origin, political opinions, membership of a political organisation, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership
of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual orientation or practices, criminal record, health information
about an individual, genetic information, biometric information that is to be used for the purpose of automated biometric verification
or biometric identification or biometric templates.
5.2 Collection and use of sensitive information
In general, we attempt to limit the collection of sensitive information we may collect from you, but depending on the uses you make
of our products this may not always be possible and we may collect sensitive information from you in order to carry out the services
provided to you. However, we do not collect sensitive information from you without your consent.
The type of sensitive information we may collect about you is dependent on the services provided to you by Clarity will be limited
to the purpose(s) for which it is collected. We set out some types of sensitive information we may collect about you in the “Human
resources” section of the table at Section 2 above.
We do not use sensitive information to send you Direct Marketing Communications (as set out in Section 6 below) without your express
consent.
5.3 Consent
We may collect other types of sensitive information where you have consented and agree to the collection of such information. Generally
speaking, we will obtain this type of consent from you at (or around) the point in time in which we collect the information.
6. Direct Marketing
6.1 Express informed consent
You give your express and informed consent to us using your personal information set out in:
(a) the “Sales and Enquiries” section of the table at Section 2 of this document above; and
(b) the “Marketing Services” section of the table at Section 2 of this document above;
to provide you with information and to tell you about our products, services or events or any other direct marketing activity (including
third party products, services, and events) which we consider may be of interest to you, whether by post, email, SMS, messaging applications
and telephone (Direct Marketing Communications).
6.2 Inferred consent and reasonable expectations of direct marketing
Without limitation to paragraph 6.1, if you have provided inferred or implied consent (e.g. not opting out where an opt-out opportunity
has been provided to you) or if it is within your reasonable expectation that we send you Direct Marketing Communications given the
transaction or communication you have had with us, then we may also use your personal information for the purpose of sending you Direct
Marketing Communications which we consider may be of interest to you.
6.3 Opt-out
If at any time you do not wish to receive any further Direct Marketing Communications from us or others under this Section 6, you
may ask us not to send you any further information about products and services and not to disclose your information to other organisations
for that purpose. You may do this at any time by using the “unsubscribe” facility included in the Direct Marketing Communication or
by contacting us via the details set out at the top of this document.
7. Anonymity and pseudo-anonymity
To the extent practicable and reasonable, we will endeavour to provide you with the option of dealing with Clarity on an anonymous
basis or through the use of a pseudonym. However, there may be circumstances in which it is no longer practicable for Clarity to correspond
with you in this manner and your personal information may be required in order to provide you with our products and services or to
resolve any issue you may have.
8. Cross Border Disclosure
8.1 Cross border disclosures
Any personal information collected and held by Clarity may be disclosed to, and held at, a destination outside Australia, including
but not limited to United States of America and United Kingdom where we utilise third party service providers to assist Clarity with
providing our goods and services to you. Personal information may also be processed by staff or by other third parties operating outside
Australia who work for us or for one of our suppliers, agents, partners or related companies.
As we use service providers and platforms which can be accessed from various countries via an Internet connection, it is not always practicable
to know where your information may be held. If your information is stored in this way, disclosures may occur in countries other than
those listed above.
In addition we may utilise overseas IT services (including software, platforms and infrastructure), such as data storage facilities or
other IT infrastructure. In such cases, we may own or control such overseas infrastructure or we may have entered into contractual
arrangements with third party service providers to assist Clarity with providing our products and services to you.
8.2 Provision of informed consent
By submitting your personal information to Clarity, you expressly agree and consent to the disclosure, transfer, storing or processing
of your personal information outside of Australia. In providing this consent, you understand and acknowledge that countries outside
Australia do not always have the same privacy protection obligations as Australia in relation to personal information. However, we
will take steps to ensure that your information is used by third parties securely and in accordance with the terms of this Privacy
Policy.
The Privacy Act 1988 requires us to take such steps as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that any recipients of your personal
information outside of Australia do not breach the privacy principles contained within the Privacy Act 1988. By providing your consent,
under the Privacy Act 1988, we are not required to take such steps as may be reasonable in the circumstances. However, despite this,
we acknowledge the importance of protecting personal information and have taken reasonable steps to ensure that your information is
used by third parties securely and in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
8.3 If you do not consent
If you do not agree to the disclosure of your personal information outside Australia by Clarity, you should (after being informed
of the cross-border disclosure) tell Clarity that you do not consent. To do this, either elect not to submit the personal information
to Clarity after being reasonably informed in a collection notification or please contact us via the details set out at the top of
this document.
9. Data security and quality
9.1 Clarity’s security generally
We have taken steps to help secure and protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, disclosure, alteration, or
destruction. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of all transmissions or personal information, especially
where human error is involved or malicious activity by a third party.
Notwithstanding the above, we will take reasonable steps to:
(a) make sure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date;
(b) protect your personal information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure both physically and through
computer security methods; and
(c) destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed for its purpose of collection.
9.2 Accuracy
The accuracy of personal information depends largely on the information you provide to us, so we recommend that you:
(a) let us know if there are any errors in your personal information; and
(b) keep us up-to-date with changes to your personal information (such as your name or address).
We provide information about how you can access and correct your information in Section 11.
10. Access to and correction of your personal information
You are entitled to have access to any personal information relating to you which we hold, except in some exceptional circumstances
provided by law (including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)). You are also entitled to edit and correct such information if the information
is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading.
If you would like access to or correct any records of personal information we have about you, you are able to access and update that information
(subject to the above) by contacting us via the details set out at the top of this document.
11. Resolving Privacy Complaints
11.1 Complaints generally
We have put in place an effective mechanism and procedure to resolve privacy complaints. We will ensure that all complaints are dealt
with in a reasonably appropriate timeframe so that any decision (if any decision is required to be made) is made expeditiously and
in a manner that does not compromise the integrity or quality of any such decision.
11.2 Contacting Clarity regarding complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints about the manner in which we have collected, used or disclosed and stored your personal information,
please contact us:
Clarity Optometrists Bulimba
Telephone: (07) 3899 4044
Email: bulimba@clarityoptom.com.au
Address:1/134 Oxford St Bulimba Q 4171
Please mark your correspondence to the attention of the Privacy Officer.
11.3 Steps we take to resolve a complaint
In order to resolve a complaint, we:
(a) will liaise with you to identify and define the nature and cause of the complaint;
(b) may request that you provide the details of the complaint in writing;
(c) will keep you informed of the likely time within which we will respond to your complaint; and
(d) will inform you of the legislative basis (if any) of our decision in resolving such complaint.
11.4 Register of complaints
We will keep a record of the complaint and any action taken in a Register of Complaints.
12. Consent, modifications and updates
12.1 Interaction of this Policy with contracts
This Privacy Policy is a compliance document prescribed by law rather than a legal contract between two or more persons. However,
certain contracts may incorporate all, or part, of this Privacy Policy into the terms of that contract. In such instances, Clarity
may incorporate the terms of this policy such that:
(a) certain sections or paragraphs in this policy are incorporated into that contract, but in such a way that they do not give rise
to contractual obligations onto Clarity, but do create contractual obligations on the other party to the contract; and
(b) the consents provided in this policy become contractual terms provided by the other party to the contract.
12.2 Acknowledgement
By using our website, purchasing a product or service from Clarity, where you have been provided with a copy of our Privacy Policy
or had a copy of our Privacy Policy reasonably available to you, you are acknowledging and agreeing:
(a) to provide the consents given by you in this Privacy Policy; and
(b) that you have been informed of all of the matters in this Privacy Policy.
12.3 Modifications and updates
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy as our business needs require. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of such
changes (whether by direct communication or by posting a notice on our website). If you do not agree to our continued use of your personal
information due to the changes in our Privacy Policy, please cease providing us with your personal information and contact us via the
details set out at the top of this document.
Updated May 2018
Copyright 2020. Clarity Optometrists | Privacy Policy
Website Design Brisbane |
Cassae Designs