https://www.alsana.com/privacy-policy/
Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 8, 2020
1. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
This Online Privacy Policy describes the information Alsana collects about you though our website, how we use and share that information, and the privacy choices we offer.  This policy applies to information we collect when you access or use our website or when you otherwise interact with us.
2. CHANGES TO THIS ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Online Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make changes, we will notify you by posting the updated policy on our website and revising the “Last Updated” date above.  We encourage you to review the Online Privacy Policy whenever you use our website to stay informed about our information practices and about ways you can help protect your privacy.
3. CONFIDENTIALITY OF MEDICAL INFORMATION
Certain protected health information that may be provided by you may be protected as described in Company’s Notice of Privacy Practices.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Online Privacy Policy and the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices, the terms of the Notice of Privacy Practices shall control.
4. USE OF WEBSITE
Your access to and use of our website are subject to certain terms and conditions, which are set forth in our Terms of Use.
5. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
5.1 INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
We collect information you provide, such as when you email us, sign up through our website, or submit information through our website.  We may collect, but are not limited to collecting, the following information: your first and last name, email address, mailing address, phone number, sex, date of birth, and issues we can help you with.
5.2 CHILDREN
Company does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age without verifiable parental consent, and no part of the website are directed at persons under 13.  If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the website.  If Company learns that personally identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected without verifiable parental consent, then Company will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.  To make such a request, please contact us at cherillyn.olivos@alsana.com.
5.3 INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE
We collect information about you when you use our website, including, but not limited to the following:
Device Information. We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the website.  For example, we may collect and analyze information such as (a) IP addresses, geolocation information (as described in the next section below), unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s), browser types, browser language, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed the website; and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the website, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the website, the frequency of your use of the website, error logs, and other similar information.  As described further below, we may use third-party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information.
Location Information. We may collect different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the website), and may use that information to customize the website with location-based information, advertising, and features.  For example, if your IP address indicates an origin in Los Angeles, California, the website may be customized with Los Angeles-specific information and advertisements.  In order to do this, your location information may be shared with our agents, vendors or advertisers.  If you access the website through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this.  See your device manufacturer’s instructions for further details.
Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies. We may use the tools outlined below in order to better understand users.  As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods.
Cookies: “Cookies” are small computer files transferred to your computing device that contain information such as user ID, user preferences, lists of pages visited and activities conducted while using the website. We use Cookies to help us improve or tailor the website by tracking your navigation habits, storing your authentication status so you do not have to re-enter your credentials each time you use the website, customizing your experience with the website, and for analytics and fraud prevention. We may use a type of advertising commonly known as interest-based or online behavioral advertising.  This means that some of our business partners use Cookies to display Company ads on other websites and services based on information about your use of the website and on your interests (as inferred from your online activity).  Other Cookies used by our business partners may collect information when you use the website, such as the IP address, mobile device ID, operating system, browser, web page interactions, the geographic location of your internet service provider, and demographic information such as sex and age range.  These Cookies help Company learn more about our users’ demographics and internet behaviors. For more information on cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web Beacons: “Web Beacons” (a.k.a. clear GIFs or pixel tags) are tiny graphic image files imbedded invisibly in a web page or email that may be used to collect anonymous information about your use of our website, the websites of selected advertisers, and the emails, special promotions or newsletters that we send you. The information collected by Web Beacons allows us to analyze how many people are using the website, using the selected advertisers’ websites or opening our emails, and for what purpose, and also allows us to enhance our interest-based advertising.
Website Analytics: We may use third-party website analytics services in connection with the website, including, for example, to register mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity and text that you type into the website or mobile application. These website analytics services generally do not collect personal information unless you voluntarily provide it and generally do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use their services.  We use the information collected from these services to help make the website easier to use.
Mobile Device Identifiers: Mobile device identifiers are data stored on your mobile device that may track mobile device and data and activities occurring on and through it, as well as the applications installed on it. Mobile device identifiers enable collection of personal information (such as media access control, address and location) and traffic data.  Mobile device identifiers help Company learn more about our users’ demographics and internet behaviors.
5.4 INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIES
We may obtain additional information about you from third parties such as marketers, partners, researchers, and others.  We may combine information that we collect from you with information about you that we obtain from such third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.
5.5 AGGREGATE OR DE-IDENTIFIED DATA
We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected by the website or via other means so that the information is not intended to identify you.  Our use and disclosure of aggregated and/or de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Online Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations
6. USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information that we collect for the following purposes:
For the purposes for which you provided the information;
To contact you when necessary or requested;
To provide, maintain, administer, improve, or expand the website, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to support, improve or enhance our business, the website, and other products and services we offer;
To customize and tailor your experience of the website;
To send emails and other communications that display content that we think will interest you and according to your preferences;
To send you news and information about our services;
To track and analyze trends and usage in connection with our website;
To better understand who uses the website and how we can deliver a better user experience;
To combine information received from third parties with the information that we have from or about you and use the combined information for any of the purposes described in this Online Privacy Policy;
To use statistical information that we collect in any way permitted by law, including from third parties in connection with their commercial and marketing efforts;
To prevent, detect, and investigate security breaches, fraud, and other potentially illegal or prohibited activities;
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the website;
To protect our rights or property;
To administer and troubleshoot the website; and
For any other purpose disclosed to you.
We may use third-party service providers to process and store personal information in the United States and other countries.
7. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share personal information about you as follows:
With third parties to provide, maintain, and improve our website, including service providers who access information about you to perform services on our behalf;
With our affiliates and partners so that they may use such information for the purposes described in this Online Privacy Policy;
In connection with, or during the negotiation of, any merger, sale of company stock or assets, financing, acquisition, divestiture or dissolution of all or a portion of our business (but only under non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and protections);
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; to enforce applicable user agreements or policies; to protect the security or integrity of our website; and to protect us, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities; and
With your consent.
We may also share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
8. SOCIAL MEDIA AND THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS
Certain sections or functionalities on our website may permit you to share information on third party social media sites or platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, or other similar sites (collectively, “Social Media Sites”).  Company does not own or control such Social Media Sites, and posting your information on Social Media Sites is subject to the third party’s Online Privacy Policy and other legal terms, which may not provide privacy protections with which you agree.  Company is not responsible for any act or omission of any Social Media Site, nor are we responsible for the consequences of your choosing to share your information on Social Media Sites.
9. SECURITY
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk.
10. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
10.1 HOW YOU CAN ACCESS AND UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
You may update or correct information about yourself at any time or by emailing us at cherillyn.olivos@alsana.com10.2
10.2 COOKIES
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject cookies; however, our website may not function properly if you do so.
10.3 OPTIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF COOKIES AND MOBILE DEVICE IDENTIFIERS
If you are interested in more information about interest-based advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link or TRUSTe’s Advertising Choices Page to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs.
Please note that even after opting out of interest-based advertising, you may still see Company’s advertisements that are not interest-based (i.e., not targeted toward you).  Also, opting out does not mean that Company is no longer using its tracking tools—Company still may collect information about your use of the website even after you have opted out of interest-based advertisements and may still serve advertisements to you via the website based on information it collects via the website.
10.4 HOW ALSANA RESPONDS TO BROWSER “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide above the Network Advertising Initiative’s “Consumer Opt-out” link, Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out Link, and TRUSTe’s Advertising Choices page.  However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.  For more information about DNT signals, visit http://allaboutdnt.com.10.5
10.5 LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites and those websites may not follow the same privacy practices as Company.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.10.6
10.6 CALIFORNIA SHINE THE LIGHT LAW
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties.  If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to cherillyn.olivos@alsana.com.
10.7 NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
This Online Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.
10.8 HOW TO CONTACT US
Please contact us with any questions or concerns regarding this Online Privacy Policy at:
Alsana
2545 W. Hillcrest Dr.
#205
Thousand Oaks, CA 91320
Phone: 805-273-5354
Fax: (636)231-5993
Email: cherillyn.olivos@alsana.com
We will support you in finding your balance, purpose and possibilities. Welcome to Alsana. We are so glad you found us.
Get Started
Alsana
About
Online Support Group
Careers
Blog
Privacy Policy
Our Locations
Birmingham, Alabama
St. Louis, Missouri
Monterey, California
Westlake Village, California
Santa Barbara, California
What We Treat
Anorexia
Bulimia
Binge Eating Disorder
ED-DMT1 Diabulimia
Co-Occuring Conditions
Trauma
OSFED
ARFID
Copyright
– Alsana, Inc. – All Rights Reserved. Alsana’s Eating Disorder Treatment & Eating Recovery Centers offer 3 levels of care to serve clients. Residential Treatment, Day Treatment, and Intensive Outpatient Treatment. We treat Anorexia, Bulimia, and Binge Eating Disorder. Co-Occurring Conditions and Trauma are other areas of importance as well as OSFED and ARFID.