https://www.menieres-disease.ca/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footerApproaching Meniere's Disease Positively - There is HopeYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Who we are
June 7th, 2019
Our website address is: https://www.menieres-disease.ca
This privacy policy outlines the information that we collect and how we make use of this information.
We are committed to ensuring your privacy and we will only use your data as it is set out within this privacy policy.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
We do not allow comments on this website, therefore we do not collect any data.
Media
We do not allow visitors to upload videos, images or audio files (Media) to the website.
Any media that is on the website was placed there by the administrators.
If it is content generated by ourselves then it will generate tracking data through Google Analytics, Google Search Console and Bing Webmaster Tools as well as logging page views through our domain host.
If it is embedded content from a third party then the privacy policy of the website that the content came from would apply.
Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
AWeber is who we use for our website forms.
They have their own privacy policy on how they use any data that they collect.
We use double opt-in forms so you have to confirm that you requested the information from us.
This is to comply with the Can-Spam act.
We only ask for your name and email address, if you choose to give us more information, that is your decision.
Cookies
The cookies that we use collect on very basic information such as your IP Address and location.
This is not used in any way for third party advertising.
If you used one of the autoresponder forms to request information, then AWeber will collect information based on their privacy policy.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Google Analytics – website statistics and traffic Google Search Console – website statistics and trafficBing Webmaster Tools
– website statistics and trafficHostGator – Cookies, website statisticsYoast SEO – this is a WordPress plugin that we use to analyze website content with.
YoastSEO has their own policy on how they use the data that they collect.
Who we share your data with
StudioPress – We purchased out theme through them.
They have their own privacy policy on how they use any data that they collect.
Other than the themes and plugins that we have listed, we do not share data with anyone else.
By default WordPress does not share any personal data with anyone.
How long we retain your data
If you visit our website, a cookie is placed on your computer.
The cookie will last for as long as you retain your browsing history.
If you request information from us through an autoresponder and you confirm your request (Double Opt-In) then your information is kept until you unsubscribe from any messages from us.
If you did not confirm your request for information, then the autoresponder provider (AWeber) will not allow us to contact you and they will delete your information.
Their privacy policy explains how this is done.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have requested any information from us, you can ask to be unsubscribed from any follow up messages at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every message that we send out.
You can also email us and request that you be removed from our system.
We do not store any personal history except the requests that are made through the autoresponders.
If you want to be removed from any of our third party providers, you need to contact them directly.
This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Contact information
21362 River Road Maple Ridge, B.C. V2X 2B3, Canada Contact Us
Additional information
How we protect your data
We are a small website, so our Data Protection is through our domain host and the various tools that they provide.
In addition we use;
2 Factor AuthenticationsPersonal data is stored off site
What data breach procedures we have in place
The hosting company that we work with has data breach procedures in place to protect the website and the authorized users and contributors.
No personal user information collected through the forms on the website is stored on the domain hosts servers.
AWeber collects the user information from the forms and they have data protection in place to protect any information collected through the website forms.
What third parties we receive data from
We do not receive data about users from third parties, including advertisers.
Primary SidebarSearch this website
The Need for Balance; Dealing with the Causes of Meniere’s Disease
Our Most Popular Meniere’s Disease Articles
Book Review: The Need for Balance; Dealing with the Causes of Meniere’s Disease
The Symptoms of Meniere’s Disease Simply Explained
Meniere’s Disease Symptoms – Vertigo or Vertigo Disease
Meniere’s Disease Symptoms – Dizziness
Meniere’s Disease Symptoms – Nausea
Meniere’s Disease Symptoms – Tinnitus
Meniere’s Disease Symptoms – Ear Pain and Inner Ear Pressure
Meniere’s Disease Symptoms – Hearing Loss
The Difference Between Hearing LOSS And Hearing FLUCTUATION
Meniere’s Disease Diagnosis and Testing
Some Causes of Meniere’s Disease and the Effects of the Symptoms
Meniere’s Disease Treatment Options To Get Relief From Your Symptoms
Recent Posts
Book Review: The Need for Balance; Dealing with the Causes of Meniere’s Disease
Breast Implant Illness and Unusual Symptoms to be Aware of
Make A Decision To Help Yourself and Your Immune System.
Some More Meniere’s Disease Testimonials
More Meniere’s Disease Success Stories
Email Responses
We respond to every email request within a few days.  If you have requested the “What Finally Worked” information from us or you have left us a comment or question and you did not get a reply, please email us again.  If it has taken longer than a few days, then our reply to you has been lost somewhere, or we have not received your email request for some reason.
Secondary SidebarCategories
Allergies and Meniere's Disease
Balance and Hearing
Blood Pressure and Meniere's Disease
Causes of Meniere's Disease
Diagnosis and Understanding Meniere's Disease
General Meniere's Disease Health Information
Meniere's Disease Diet Information
Meniere's Disease FAQs
Meniere's Disease Symptoms
Possible Relief From Meniere's Disease
Success Stories
Testimonials
Treatments for Meniere's Disease
Archives
November 2020
September 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
September 2019
August 2019
June 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
FooterWho We Are;
Karin and David have been online since the late 1990’s sharing information about Meniere’s Disease and what finally worked for David. We answer all of the emails personally and we have numerous resources that we are happy to share with you.
Karin and David – Partners in David’s Struggle with Meniere’s Disease
How To Reach Us;
21362 River Road
Maple Ridge. B.C.
Canada, V2X 2B3
(604) 463-8666
(Pacific Standard Time)
Contact Us