http://www.amga.org/privacy-policy/
Advertisement
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you visit this Web site, some information such as your Internet address, Internet Service Provider, operating system, the site from which you linked and the time and date of your visit may be collected automatically as part of the software operation of this site. This may include things like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and other system information. We may use this information to compile aggregate statistics about the total number of daily visitors to our site, the pages most frequently visited, and how long people stay at each page, as well as to investigate potential security incidents and vulnerabilities associated with the use or abuse of this site.
We also may collect personal information, including phone number, postal address, e-mail addresses, and other information you chose to provide at various times, such as when you complete an online form or request. The personal information we collect online is used to process your requests, to tell about opportunities we think will be of interest, and to understand your needs so that we can serve you better. For example, we may use your e-mail or postal address to alert you about information we think may be of special interest.
How we store and protect your personal information. Information collected online is electronically stored. AMGA is not responsible for any information you provide to additional parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information to them.
Apart from this, we disclose personal information in good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that by doing so is reasonably necessary to: comply with legal process; respond to any claims; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AMGA, its members, our customers, or the public.
Opting out. If, at any time, you wish to opt-out of having your personal information collected by AMGA, used by AMGA for secondary purposes, or stop receiving promotional information from AMGA or if you have any questions or concerns, please e-mail us at: cgibbs@amga.org. You may also write to us at:
Tom Flatt
AMGA
One Prince Street
Alexandria, VA 22314-3318
Accessing and Changing Your Information.  If you are registered user of the Web site, you may review and update or correct your information online or by contacting us as provided above.
What are cookies and are you required to accept them? AMGA may use Internet "cookies", web beacons, or other technology to collect information from visitors' hard drives.  Your browser gives you the option to accept or decline cookies. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that help us know where you’ve been on our site and what pages to present to you next. They also tell us what pages are being viewed and which are not. This helps us design the site to make your experience easier.
Security.  While no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable, AMGA strives to maintain levels of privacy and security consistent with industry standards. To protect the security of information supplied by users in order to access restricted areas, users must provide e-mail addresses and passwords to access their information. Although AMGA takes measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosure of a user’s data or personal information, AMGA cannot control Internet transmissions and cannot guarantee or warrant that personal information transmitted to AMGA will never be compromised.
Geolocation Information.  AMGA may collect geo-location information if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information.  You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing AMGA with such information.
Use of this Web site by Children. AMGA encourages parents to take an active interest in their children’s use of the Internet. AMGA does not intend to collect information from children who identify themselves as less than 18 years of age. If you are under 18, you should not provide information on this site and should ask your parent to do so for you.  To the extent that AMGA is able to determine the age of users by their submissions to, or communications with, the Web site, AMGA will not knowingly (a) collect or post information from individuals under 13 years of age without their parent’s or guardian’s verifiable consent, or (b) provide any personally identifying information collected from those under 13, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever.
Third Party Websites.  This Web site may contain links to other Internet websites. Unless AMGA explicitly states otherwise, AMGA has no control over these third party sites and their privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy applies only to information you supply (or that we collect) in connection with use of the Web site. You should review third party privacy policies in connection with visiting other sites.
Governing Law.  This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of AMGA will be subject exclusively to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia within the United States of America, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and you submit to personal jurisdiction in Virginia.  The parties irrevocably agree that the state and federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, U.S.A. shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy.  AMGA makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other state or country. Visitors who use the Web site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.  If you reside outside of the United States, by using the Web site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.
Changes to this Policy. AMGA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating the date the terms were last updated. We encourage you to review our terms of use whenever you use this website.
Advertisement