http://www.sheepvetsoc.org.uk/content/legal-information-and-privacy-policy
MEMBERS AREA
CONTACT
About
What we doData Protection (GDPR)
Update / News
Meetings & seminarsCurrent
Archive
About UK Meetings
About International Meeting ISVC
Publications1997 Proceedings Index
1998 Proceedings Index
Special Authors / Members Publications
Membership
Technical InfoCurrent
Archive
WebinarCPD & Knowledge Base
SVS and Flock health Club FREE webinars
SVS virtual FREE conference
You are hereLegal Information and Privacy Policy
Legal Information and Privacy Policy
LEGAL AGREEMENT
Welcome to The Sheep Veterinary Society Website (the "Site"). Sheep Veterinary Society provides this Site as a service to its customers. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site (the "Agreement"). Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this Site. Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the terms. Sheep Veterinary Societymay revise this Agreement at any time. You may wish to visit this page periodically for revised terms of use.
SITE CONTENTS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, photographs, streaming and video content and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by Sheep Veterinary Society. The Site content is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Sheep Veterinary Society. This Site and all its Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded/copied materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such activity. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derived works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way,in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site or any related software.
USER FEEDBACK POLICY AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
All comments, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Sheep Veterinary Society on or via this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, the "Comments") are property of Sheep Veterinary Society. Communication, submission or offering of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Sheep Veterinary Society of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus Sheep Veterinary Society will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Sheep Veterinary Societyis and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments. You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect information relating to (1) the home server domain names, type of client operating system, web pages accessed, search engine used, and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site, (2) the e-mail addresses of visitors who communicate with Sheep Veterinary Society via e-mail, (3) information provided consensually by the visitor and gathered via other on-line facilities.
Sheep Veterinary Society may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed. We may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical issues with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the site. This may also be used to calculate overall usage statistics.
Sheep Veterinary Society agrees to the non-disclosure of client details to 3rd party organisations without prior consent, as outlined within the Data Protection Act 1998.
MEMBERS
We take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information in a legitimate manner to administer your account and to provide the services you require as a fully paid up member of the Society.
The information (name and contact details) you supply to the Society may be used for the following:
• To contact you regards to your membership or animal registrations
• To send you a copy of the annual proceedings, regular newsletters/mailings and other correspondence relating to the Sheep Veterinary Society matters (post, email & telephone)
• To contact you with regards to information about local talking sheep meetings, contact may come direct from organiser (SVS member) of the meeting or secretariat (post, email, text & telephone).
We may pass on your contact details over the phone and/or email to Society members and SVS Executive Committee. We will NOT share your details with organisation outside of the Society unless we are legally obliged to do so.
Your information will be held for the duration of your membership. After which if you wish to have your details removed from the records, please contact the office in writing to request this removal. If you are unhappy with the way the SVS handles your data, you may complain to the ICO www.ioc.org.uk
NON MEMBERS
From time to time we gather information from non-members.
Non-members can request copies of SVS proceedings and details on forthcoming conferences.  We will gather your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.  This information will be used to post out the pack before then been deleted.
If you are unhappy with the way the SVS handles your data, you may complain to the ICO www.ioc.org.uk
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
This Site may contain links to other websites not controlled by Sheep Veterinary Society. Sheep Veterinary Society has no responsibility for the linked websites nor does it necessarily endorse any linked websites. Sheep Veterinary Society provides links solely for the convenience and information of its Site users.
DISCLAIMER
Sheep Veterinary Society provides the materials on this site "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. Sheep Veterinary Society disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on this site, although Sheep Veterinary Society may modify the materials at any time without notice. By your use of this site, you acknowledge that your use is at your sole risk and that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site. You further acknowledge that Sheep Veterinary Society shall not be liable for any damages or any kind related to your use of this site.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Sheep Veterinary Society harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
MISCELLANEOUS
Unless otherwise specified, this Site and the Contents there of are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting Sheep Veterinary Society products and services. This Site is controlled and operated by Sheep Veterinary Society.
Our Aim
“To promote the prevention
of disease and the welfare of
sheep by providing a forum
for discussion, distribution of
research results and provision
of advice on veterinary
matters relating to sheep”
Contact the Society
Sheep Veterinary Society,
SVS Secretariat,
Moredun Research Institute,
Pentlands Science Park,
Bush Loan, Penicuik,
Midlothian, EH26 0PZ
Tel: +44 131 445 5111Fax: +44 131 445 6235
secretariat@sheepvetsoc.org.uk
Follow us on twitter
Useful Links
NADIS Disease Information
NFU Online
BVA Website
ECSRHM
Vets Online
SCOPS
RUMA Guidelines
National Sheep Association
AHDB using brassicas for better returns
Moredun Foundation
Quick Downloads
Sheep scab guidance for vets 2018
Good Practice Guidelines 2017
SVS Antibiotics Policy
Casualty in Sheep
Ram Pre-Breeding Examination (PBE) On-farm Data Collection Form
SVS Ram Pre-Breeding Examination Certificate 30/Sep/2014
SVS Ram Guidelines 30/Sep/2014
Site by Basestation
ABOUT | WHAT WE DO | UPDATES/NEWS | MEETING & SEMINARS | PUBLICATIONS | MEMBERSHIP | TECHNICAL INFO
© 2013 Sheep Veterinary Society - All Rights Reserved ^ Back to top / Site Map / Legal Information and Privacy Policy.