http://www.amyjwilderlcswinc.org/privacy/
Skip to content
AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. is committed to maintaining your privacy and refraining from inappropriately using your information.
All personal and professional counseling communications with AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. are treated as privileged and confidential communications.
There are limited exceptions to this policy as required by law.
If it appears to AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. or if you advise AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC., that you are about to do physical harm to yourself or others or that you are engaged in ‘child abuse’ or ‘elder abuse’ as defined in and under local or state laws, the protections afforded by ‘privileged and confidential communications’ do not apply and AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. are bound by specific reporting requirements and ethical principles.
There also may be legal circumstances where AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. might be required to disclose information to third parties, such where a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoenas or court order requires us to do so.
AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. subscribes to the National Association of Social Workers Code of Ethics. AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent.
AMY J. WILDER, LCSW, INC. may use user data in order to measure interest in and use of this site.
However, no personally identifiable information will be disclosed.
If you have any concerns or questions regarding this privacy statement please share them with me at: amylcsw2@aol.com
Amy J. Wilder 847.545.0400
2025 S. Arlington Heights Rd.
Suite 112
Arlington Heights, IL 60005
Professional Qualifications
Professional qualifications include a Masters Degree in Social Work from the University of Illinois at Chicago, Jane Addams College of Social Work. I am licensed by the state of Illinois and a member of the National Association of Social Workers. I have over nineteen years of experience in behavioral and mental health services.
License number: IL-149-005255
My associates are all master level social workers and licensed by the State of Illinois.