https://www.curesweatypalms.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of My Canadian Pharmacy!
Please carefully read the following terms and conditions regarding your use of the Website. By accessing the Website, using it, or downloading any information and/or materials from the Website, you agree to be sure to follow the terms and conditions below (the “Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use or access the Website (or the materials contained therein).
Please Note: When using certain sections of this Website, you may receive proprietary notices and copyright information. In this case, it is necessary to study the notification and confirm your consent in order to gain access to the relevant section.
We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms of Use from time to time. In this case, the changes will be published on the Website. Please visit the Website from time to time for changes. Your continued use of the Website after making these changes will be construed as expressing your agreement to the updated Terms of Use.
Medical liability limitations
All information posted on this Website, including data related to drugs, medical conditions, methods of treatment, is for informational purposes only. This information should not be considered complete and is not intended to be used without getting patient advice from a medical professional.
The information obtained through the Website is not exhaustive and does not cover all health disorders, physical conditions or their treatment. Information is provided for informational purposes only and for use at your own risk.
You should not ignore or postpone consultation with a medical specialist because of what was read on the Website and should not use the information contained on this Website to diagnose a medical problem.
Use of website content
The intellectual property rights to the Website (including, for example, our trademarks), as well as the copyright to all materials that are stored, displayed and available on the Website, belong to My Canadian Pharmacy. All such rights are reserved and belong to us.
You are not allowed to use, modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, publish, transfer, distribute, sell, transfer under license, rent, publicly display or execute, make changes, adapt or create derivative materials Content (a) or any other part (s) of the Website in any way without obtaining our written consent.
We also prohibit you from using the Website or accessing the Website or any Content for commercial purposes.
At the same time, you can view, use, download and print parts of the Website solely for your personal, non-commercial, informational use, provided that you do not re-publish the Content and leave unchanged all copyrights, trademarks, service marks, source links, patents, and other proprietary notices; you will not remove or modify them.
User behavior
Please note that you are responsible for all the preparation necessary to gain access to our Website, including ensuring that you have suitable equipment and an Internet connection that will allow you to open the Website on your device. You must also ensure that all persons who access our Website through your Internet connection are aware of and comply with these Terms of Use and other applicable terms and conditions brought to your attention.
By using the Website, you promise:
not to use the Website and not to access it for any fraudulent or illegal purposes;
not to use the Website and not to access it in order to impersonate another natural or legal person, to falsely indicate or otherwise distort affiliation with any natural or legal person;
not to interfere or disrupt the operation of the Website or access to it;
not to transfer or otherwise make available any “viruses”, “worms”, “trojans”, “time bombs”, spyware or other computer codes, files or programs in connection with the Website or access to it that are harmful or invasive, which can be designed or intended to interfere with the operation, interfere with the operation of any hardware, software or equipment or monitor its use;
not to restrict or prevent others from accessing or using the Website;
not to modify, adapt or translate any part of the Website;
not to delete, hide or modify copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices on the Website; or
not to use robots, spiders, search/retrieval applications or other manual or automatic devices to extract, index, sort, “extract data”, collect or reproduce the Website in any way, or bypass the navigation structure or presentation form of the Website.
Modification, suspension and termination of the website
It is important to note that we reserve the right to change, suspend or terminate the work or access to the Website or any part of it at our discretion. For example, we may terminate the Website for all users if we no longer provide Invisalign products and services in your area, or we may suspend your access to the Website due to your violation of the Terms of Use.
We may also update the Website and change its contents at any time. Although we make every reasonable effort to update the information on the Website, we draw your attention to the fact that some content on our Website may be outdated, and we are not required to update it.
We may also interrupt the regular operation of the Website or any part of it as necessary to carry out scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, correct errors or make other changes.
We also do not guarantee that the Website or any of its content does not contain errors or omissions, and we do not give any guarantees, conditions, promises or representations (together – “promises”), whether express or implied, that the content of the Website is accurate, complete and up to date.
Other websites and resources
Please note that the Website may contain links to third-party websites, including social networking websites. These links are provided solely for the convenience of users and do not mean that we endorse these third-party websites or social media pages. Since we have direct control over such sites and resources, we are not responsible for their availability or content, advertising, products or other materials posted or available on such sites or resources. We also do not check such third-party websites, so please note that:
we are not responsible for these websites, including conditions for providing access to them, their privacy policy, and we do not control their content or accessibility;
we do not make any promises, express or implied, regarding any goods, services or information on these websites; and
you access such websites solely at your own risk.
Privacy and cookies
Our privacy policy sets out our policy regarding the collection, use, transfer and processing of your personal data provided by you or collected through the Website (including the use of cookies). Read the terms of the Privacy Policy before using the Website. Like these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy may be changed by us at any time.
Disclaimer
While we make every effort to create an informative and easy-to-use Website, it is provided to you for access on an “as is” basis, except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use. This means that we do not accept any responsibility to you in relation to it. Therefore, it is your responsibility, and not ours, to make sure that the Website is suitable for your purposes when using it.
Bearing this in mind, we do not accept any responsibility regarding the suitability of the Website to meet your needs and we exclude all express or implied promises, including without limitation:
that access to the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free;
that the Website or computer server from which access to the Website is provided does not contain viruses or other harmful components; and
regarding the accuracy, content, relevance, completeness, reliability, quality or suitability of the content contained on the Website, provided through it or otherwise in connection with the Website.
Limitation of liability
Nothing in these Terms of Use is intended to exclude or limit our liability in the event of death or personal injury caused by our negligence, intentional misrepresentation, gross negligence or liability that cannot be excluded or limited in accordance with the law.
We are not liable to you for any loss or damage caused by a virus or other technologically harmful materials that could infect your computer equipment, programs, data and other proprietary materials when using our Website or another website, associated with it.
You also acknowledge and agree that the operation of the Website depends on the proper and efficient functioning of the Internet and other equipment and services of third parties (including your device or web browser), and we cannot guarantee and will not be responsible for this.
We will not be liable to you for any special, indirect, punitive or damages, loss of data, profits, income, business or business reputation.
Contact information
If you believe that your copyrights (or other intellectual property rights) have been violated on the Website or the content that you think is illegal or violates your rights or rights of a third party is posted on it, please contact us at support@curesweatypalms.com.
If you have any other questions or complaints regarding these Terms of Use or the Website, please contact us at support@curesweatypalms.com or by using a contact form on the Contact Us page.