https://www.cappskids.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
CAPPSKIDS
We at Craniosynostosis and Positional Plagiocephaly Support, Inc., d/b/a CappsKids are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used and is provided by Craniosynostosis and Positional Plagiocephaly Support, Inc., d/b/a CappsKids, a New York corporation with a principal place of business located in Massapequa, New York. If you have requests concerning your personal information or any questions please contact us info@cappskids.org.
If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Web site and the Services offered by us.
IN ADDITION TO THE PRIVACY POLICY SET FORTH HEREIN, ALL USERS SHALL BE BOUND BY THE REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE HEALTH INSURANC EPORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1996 (“HIPAA”) AND SHALL BE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT A HIPAA AUTHORIZATION WAIVER PRIOR TO SCHEDULING ANY VIDEOCONFERENCE OR PROVIDING MEDICAL DETAILS.
Definitions
For purposes of this Privacy Policy references to “Services” shall mean any and all services offered by us, including but not limited to telemedicine videoconferencing and physician and medical provider listing services.
References to “us,” “we,” “our,” and/or “CappsKids” mean Craniosynostosis and Positional Plagiocephaly Support, Inc., d/b/a CappsKids.
References to the Web site” mean the Web site bearing the URL www.cappskids.org.
References to “you,” and/or “User,” mean the User of the Web site and/or Services, including but not limited to individuals and/or companies as well as their officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents and/or any other user authorized to access a User’s Account.
Agreement to be Bound
The following Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of private information via the Web site and/or any Service(s). By accessing the Web site and/or otherwise using the Services you represent that you have read and understand the Privacy Policy and that you agree to be bound by thereby.
This Privacy Policy may be additionally subject to Terms of Service.
Modifications and Changes to Privacy Policy
We may modify, add to, suspend or delete the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion at any time, with such modifications, additions or deletions being immediately effective upon their posting to the Web site. Your use and/or access of the Web site and/or Services after modification, addition or deletion of the Privacy Policy shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of the modification, addition or deletion.
The Information We Collect
We collect both personally-identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information from you. This information may include your full name, address, email address, telephone number, and billing information. Should you choose to provide it, we may also collect your age, salary, and other demographic information. We also collect your medical history and/or the medical history of your child(ren).
Examples of non-personally-identifiable information we may collect from you include your IP address, the type of browser software you use when visiting our Web site and/or accessing the Services, the date and time you visit our Web site and/or Services and what pages you viewed when visiting our Web site and/or utilizing the Services.
Use of Your Information and Your Preferences
We will use your personally-identifiable information to allow Users to communicate with each other to effect any and all transactions and videoconferences; complete your registration for the Web site and/or the Services; personalize your user experience; improve our customer service; contact you via email or direct mail in order to send you information and updates pertaining to your use of the Web site and/or the Services; respond to enquiries and/or questions you send to us; and to send company news, updates, and other related information.
How to Opt-Out
If you no longer wish to receive marketing information, press releases or any other type of information from us, you may send us an email at info@cappskids.org to change your preferences or follow the “unsubscribe” link provided in any email that you receive from us.
Disclosures of your Information
Your information may be used by CappsKids for the purposes provided for herein; however, you may disclose such information to any third-parties with whom you interact and contract via the Services, including but not limited to medical providers. We will never pass your personal data to anyone else, except for any successors to our business and the suppliers that process data on our behalf via our servers in the United States.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally-identifiable information as required by law and when believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of CappsKids’ Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
Other Web sites
Our Web site and/or Services may contain links to other Web sites, which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other Web sites using the links provided, the operators of these Web sites may collect information from you, which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours.
Cookies
To enhance your online experience, we and our Third-Party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, may use “cookies” or similar technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to furnish a Web site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand Web site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on our Web site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Web site (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to a Web site), and/or to save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising; to identify your browser types and browser language; to determine your IP address; to log the date and time of your visits to our Web site; to identify the referring site (i.e. the site you visited before coming to our Web site); and to identify the URLs of pages you visit while using our Services.
We, our Third Party service providers, advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by us and/or other networks or sites. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising.
You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser and/or device settings. You may set your browser and/or device to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered by us. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser and/or device for more information. It is strongly recommended that you enable cookies so that you can properly use our Services.
Access to and/or Modification of Your Information
If you access the Web site or otherwise access the Services and volunteer personally-identifiable information, you may modify, update or delete such information by sending us an email at info@cappskids.org. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases. In addition, please be aware that your ability to opt out from receiving marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of the Services.
Privacy Protection for Children Using the Internet
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information on the Web site or otherwise provide Services to those persons we actually know are under the age of thirteen (13) nor is any part of the Web site or Services targeted to attract anyone under the age of thirteen (13). We request that all users of the Web site and/or Services who are under the age of thirteen (13) not disclose or provide any personally-identifiable information. If we discover that a child under thirteen (13) has provided us with personally-identifiable information, we will delete that child’s personally-identifiable information from our records.
Data Security
We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of the personally-identifiable information that we collect, including utilizing HIPAA compliant APIs in all videos, SSL certificates for data encryption, and management-only password-secured access; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, so you do so at your own risk. Please note, that non-encrypted communication using email is not secure. Thus, we cannot guarantee data security in email communication and, therefore, recommend using physical mail for confidential information.
International Transfer
We operate globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally. In particular, your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate. The data protection and other laws of other countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By accessing our Web site or otherwise using our Services you consent to your information being collected, used and transferred as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at info@cappskids.org.
Updates & Effective Date
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is this 8th day of October, 2015. From time-to-time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally-identifiable information by posting a notice of said changes online to the Web site and by notifying users of the Services via email. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.