https://www.fortworthaa.org/central-office/privacy-statement/
Fort Worth Central Office’s Web Site
This information is provided to explain our online information practices and the choices you have in the way information is collected and used on this web site.
The Information We Collect
At the Fort Worth Central Office web site, we do not require personally identifiable information from you in order to access and use the web site. Certain functions, such as online information, order or registration forms, do require you to voluntarily submit personally identifiable information, which may include: name, organization, address, and telephone and fax numbers.
How We Use the Information
Any personally identifiable information submitted by you is kept strictly confidential and separately from the web site, and is used solely by the Fort Worth Central Office to provide the information that you requested, or to service orders you have placed. We do not provide or forward personally identifiable information to any organization.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer. Cookies can be used to facilitate your ongoing access to and use of the web site, to track site usage, and to compile nonpersonal aggregate data in order to improve content and efficiency of web sites.
Most browsers and certain third-party utilities allow for you to accept or deny cookies from this or any other web site. If you deny the use of cookies you will still be able to use our web site.
At this time, the Fort Worth Central Office web site does not use cookies. If cookies are implemented, their use and function will be described on this page.
Third Party Sites
Portions of this web site contain links to other web sites. All links to sites outside of the control of the Fort Worth Central Office open in a new window or tab. You should consult the other web site’s privacy statement for more information, as their privacy and information control practices may differ from ours.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, you may contact us at:
Fort Worth Central Office
1501 Hemphill, Room A,
Fort Worth, TX 76104
(817) 332-3533
If you choose to call with questions about this statement, please do so during regular business hours. Our after-hours volunteers are equipped to handle urgent calls for help and meeting information, but may not be qualified to answer specific questions about Central Office policies and the website.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Categories
* Latest News (4)
Central Office Posts (3)
Coffee Breaks (17)
Links
AA GSO
AA Online Meetings
AAWS Meeting Guide Mobile App
Grapevine
NETA
Printable Meeting LIst