http://www.fertility-docs.com/privacy-policy.php
Live Chat
1-818-728-4600
Free Packet
Welcome
ART Success Rates
Glossary
Español
Fertility Services
Infertility Evaluation
IVF Programs
Egg Freezing Programs
Sperm Tests & Evaluation
Genetic Screening (PGD)
Reversal Procedures
International Programs
Procedure Fees
Surrogacy
Surrogacy Programs
Finding a Surrogate
Becoming a Surrogate
Gay Surrogacy
International Programs
Surrogacy Fees
FAQs
Egg Donors
Find an Egg Donor
Become an Egg Donor
Family Balancing
Gender Selection
Affordable Mexico Program
FAQs
Financing
Financial Assistance
Insurance Coverage
Procedure Fees
About
Our Centers & Staff
Affordable Programs & Services
News & Messages
In the Media
Clinical Trials
Contact
Center Locations
Schedule a Visit
Patient Registration
Travel Assistance
Media Relations
Fertility Evaluation
The Fertility Institutes offers the highest standard of reproductive medicine
Learn More
Gender Selection
World Leading Center for Virtually 100% Guaranteed Gender Selection using PGD Technology
Learn More
Fertility Preservation
Egg freezing can free you from the biological clock to extend your age of fertility
Learn More
IVF Programs
Our clinics offer leading IVF Programs with expert fertility evaluation and answers
Learn More
Genetic Screening
Advanced PGD genetic screening of embryos for over 400 hereditary diseases
Learn More
Contact Forms
Your privacy is taken very seriously by all staff at the Fertility Institutes. We want to offer our 100%
assurance that any information you provide us will be used solely to provide you requested information
about our services. Information gathered will NEVER be sold, shared, distributed or marketed to ANY
outside source. All communications remain internal to the Fertility Institutes.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies on our site for the following purpose which allows us to improve our site. By
continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies for:
Analytical/Performance
These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how
visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for
example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily. For this purpose we use Google Analytics to
collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the
Google Privacy Policy here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
This site complies with GDPR requirements of data collection use and transparency. The purpose of this
regulation is to make it clear to anyone who visits a site about how the data the site collects is being
used. For our site, as stated above, cookies are used to understand how visitors use our site, to help the site get better, and those
who submit a contact form are assured that their information will NEVER be sold, shared,
distributed or marketed to ANY outside source.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information below.
The Fertility Institutes
16030 Ventura Blvd, Suite 404
Encino, CA 91436
1-800-222-2802 (Toll free in U.S.)
1-818-728-4600
contact@fertility-docs.com