http://www.healthscotland.com/terms.aspx?utm_source=section&utm_medium=feedback&utm_content=terms&utm_campaign=healthscotland
Skip to content
This website is now part of Public Health Scotland. Visit our new website.
Improving health
Previously NHS Health Scotland
Home
Terms and conditions
This page, along with our Privacy and Cookies policies (together, the ‘Terms of Use’) sets out the terms and conditions for using this website (‘our site‘).
You should read these Terms of Use carefully before using our site as they apply as soon as you start using it. If you use our site, you accept these Terms of Use and agree to the terms they set out. You must not use our site if you do not agree to these Terms of Use.
1. Accessing our site
1.1 Our site is maintained for your personal use and viewing and we allow access to our site on a temporary basis. and reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice.  We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
1.2 You are also responsible for making sure that anyone who uses our site through your internet connection or via your mobile device(s) are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
2. Intellectual property rights
2.1 Content on this website is © copyright Public Heath Scotland unless otherwise stated.
2.2 Organisations may copy, quote, publish and broadcast material from this website without payment and without approval provided they observe the conditions below. Other users may copy or download material from this website for private research and study without payment and without approval provided they observe the conditions below:
the source is attributed to Public Health Scotland
the material is not used in a misleading context or in a way that might damage Public Health Scotland’s reputation
the material is not used for commercial purposes
a copy is sent to the Organisational Lead for Publishing Services via phs.generalpublications@phs.scot
2.3 The following are excluded:
the Public Health Scotland logo
all photographs
anything that explicitly states that it is not owned by Public Health Scotland
2.4 Any requests to use or adapt Public Health Scotland copyright protected materials outside of the above should be directed to the Publishing Manager via phs.generalpublications@phs.scot
3. Reliance on information
3.1 The NHS Health Scotland website is provided ´as is´, without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of
satisfactory quality
fitness for a particular purpose
non-infringement
compatibility
security
3.2 The information contained on our site is provided as general information only and does not constitute advice to you. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
4. Our liability
4.1 The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy.
4.2 To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including without limitation any liability for
loss of income or revenue
loss of business
loss of profits or contracts
loss of anticipated savings
loss of data
loss of goodwill
wasted management or office time
for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
4.3 We do not warrant that
functions within material contained on our site will be uninterrupted or error free
defects will be corrected
this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses
represent the full functionality or reliability of the materials.
5. Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy policy and our use of cookies.  By using our site you consent to such processing.
6. Viruses, hacking and other offences
6.1 You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
6.2 By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
6.3 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
7. Linking to our site
7.1 You may link to our site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
7.2 You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
7.3 You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
7.4 Our site must not be framed on any other site and pages must load into the user´s entire window.
7.5 You must contact us for permission if you want to charge your website’s users to click on a link to any page on healthscotland.scot.
8. Links from our site
8.1 Where our site contains links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. We accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
8.2 Our linking to third party sites should not be taken as endorsement of any kind. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all of the time, and we have no control over the availability of linked pages.
9. Governing law
These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland.
10. Termination
We reserve the right to refuse access to our site to any user at our sole discretion.
11. Severance
If any provision of the Terms of Use is judged to be illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of the provisions of the Terms shall continue in full force and effect.
12. Changes to terms and conditions
12.1 We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
12.2 Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
This page, along with our Privacy and Cookies policies (together, the ‘Terms of Use’) sets out the terms and conditions for using the healthscotland.scot website (‘our site‘).
You should read these Terms of Use carefully before using our site as they apply as soon as you start using it. If you use our site, you accept these Terms of Use and agree to the terms they set out. You must not use our site if you do not agree to these Terms of Use.