http://www.millcroftvets.co.uk/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Millcroft Veterinary Group is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, and our premises, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may update this Policy from time to time so please check this page periodically to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please contact us by email to reception@millcroftvets.co.uk or alternatively, you can telephone 01900 826666
About us
Millcroft Veterinary Group is a partnership, our registered Address is Wakefield Road, Cockermouth, Cumbria CA13 0HR. We are registered for VAT purposes with registration number 721941740.
Lawful basis for processing your data
Organisations are permitted to process data if they have a legal basis for doing so. Millcroft Veterinary Group processes data on the basis that:
As your chosen veterinary surgery, we have a legitimate interest in processing your data. Which includes some or all the following:
To enable us to provide our veterinary services to clients.
Where the processing enables us to enhance and personalize our services and communication for the benefit of our clients.
To provide communications including postal, which we think will be of interest to you.
To better understand how people, interact with our websites.
and/or It is necessary in relation to a contract or agreement which you have entered into. Which may include:
Joining our Lifetime Care Club
Taking out a direct debit agreement
Information we collect about you
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about registering your pet, booking online or find out more about products and services
The type of information we collect
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and allows us to improve our site. It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
How do we use your information?
We may use your information to:
process orders that you have submitted
contact you about your pet’s treatment
contact you about promotions or offers
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered between you and us
seek your views or comments on the services we provide
notify you of changes to our services
send you communications, which you have requested, and that may be of interest
process a cv application
to carry out analysis, improve the quality of our services and ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
training and security purposes
to track use of web pages
How long do we store your data
We review our data retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations (for example our healthcare plan provider). We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity (ie for as long as you are a client +7 years or immediately if you request to be deleted), or for as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Where we store your personal data
As part of the services we offer to you, the information which you provide to us is stored within our practice management system, Robovet and Rapport our online booking system.
Your data may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). This may happen if any of our servers are located in a country outside of the EU. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing.  If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU to provide you with those services.
Disclosure of your information
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
We may pass your information to our third-party service providers for the purposes of providing services to you (for example to send you appointment reminders or if you are a member of our pet care plan). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. We will not release your information to third parties unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
If you linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of that third-party site and recommend that you check their policy.
Your rights
You have a choice about the type of information you receive from us. As a client of our services, you understand and agree that personal information you provide will be held on a database operated by us and we will contact you about your pet’s treatment using your preferred method of communication.
You have the right to access information held about you. If you wish to see a copy of your data, please contact us. We will provide this data within a few days (not exceeding one month).
You have the right to request the movement of your data to another veterinary practice. We will only transfer data to another practice with your consent.
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please let us know.
We will only send you direct marketing communications by email, phone or text message about new products and services if you have consented to receive them. We will ask you to confirm your consent to receive direct marketing when you first register with us and again at each visit to the surgery.
You can change your marketing preferences at any time by visiting our online booking portal through or website or by contacting us by email: reception@millcroftvets.co.uk or telephone on 01900 826666.
You have a right to complain to the ICO if you think there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
Changes to our privacy policy
This Policy was last updated in April 2018
Privacy Policy
XLVets
RCVS
Millcroft Veterinary Group,
Wakefield Road, Cockermouth, CA13 0HR.
Copyright © 2020. Millcroft Veterinary Group.
All rights reserved.
Website design and development by Arrow