http://www.hapsonline.org/privacy-policy
DONATE NOW
Parkinson's Disease
About
Back
About HAPS
A Bit of HAPS History
AIRPO
HAPS Leadership
Services
Back
Exercise & Support
Social Services
Education
Newsletters
Support
Back
Volunteer
Legacy Circle
Events
Back
2020 Eat, Drink and Be Charitable
Chevron Houston Marathon
Calendar
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
HAPS recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all personal information provided by users of our Web site, invitees and registrants of our events, recipients of our newsletter, donors, individuals and families for whom gifts are made in honor or in memory of and all clients for whom we provide services. We have created this policy with a fundamental respect for individuals' right to privacy and to guide our relationships with the people we serve and those who support our efforts.
When you support our efforts through contributions...
HAPS is committed to the highest standards of integrity in all fund raising efforts and to the ethical collection, retention and use of information about donors and donor prospects in the furtherance of our services. We are committed to balancing our needs to collect and record information with your right to privacy and security.
When you visit our site to read or print information...
On the HAPS Web site, we do not require you to identify yourself or reveal any personal information. The only way we obtain identifying information about you when you visit our site is if you choose to provide that information to HAPS by sending us an e-mail or making a donation.
The following is our guarantee that we will not misuse the information you entrust to us, and that we will never rent, exchange, sell or give your name to another person or organization for their use.
HAPS is a non-profit organization receiving income through private donations. To ensure the privacy of these sources, individual gift donors and amounts of donations will not be disclosed outside of HAPS. The disclosure of donations related to major gift, corporate or foundation support may be required by some funding sources for consideration of grant requests and every effort is made to ensure that the necessary information is available only to the trustees and officers of the foundations and corporations considering support.
Names and addresses of individuals and organizations in the data base will not be given to outside people or sources without permission from the individual or organization.
When you provide personal details in order to make an online donation...
Through Network for Good or MobileCause, HAPS will collect any information needed to complete your transaction, receipt your gift and communicate back to you or those you honor with your contribution. Credit card numbers are used only for contribution processing and are not retained for other purposes. Network for Good's Web site uses industry-standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under their control. All information is stored in a secure database. For more information on Network for Good’s Privacy and Security Statement, please visit their Web site at www.networkforgood.org. For more information on MobileCause's Privacy and Security Statement, please visit their Web site at www.mobilecause.com.
If you have specific questions about our privacy policy or if you would like to receive a copy of your information on file, please contact HAPS, 2700 Southwest Freeway, Suite 296, Houston, TX 77098. To access Houston Area Parkinson Society’s most current IRS Form 990, please go to www.guidestar.org.
Updated 8/2018