https://www.msbmd.com/privacy-policy/
Michael S. Beckenstein, MD
800 St. Vincent's Drive
North Tower Suite 610
Birmingham, AL 35205
Phone: (205) 933-9308
Fax: (205) 939-3353
Monday - Thursday: 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. Friday: 8:30 a.m.–12:00 p.m.
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.msbmd.com, the website of Dr. Michael Beckenstein, a board-certified plastic surgeon in Birmingham, AL. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation);
information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters; and
any other information that you choose to send to us;
Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We may share your information with another third party outside of our organization, if necessary to fulfill your request (e.g. to ship an order) or to facilitate our organization in managing our website.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, or new products or services.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SECURITY
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password and firewall-protected) servers.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
ORDERS
We may accept orders and if we do we request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
COOKIES
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
We do not honor the Do Not Track (DNT) web browser privacy preference at this time.
SHARING
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. And:
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order. And:
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. We will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
DISCLOSURES
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
IN ADDITION, WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
LINKS
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
SURVEYS & CONTESTS
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Share
+1
Tweet
Pin
Back to Top
Contact
Shop Now
Home
Dr. Beckenstein
My Practice
Why Choose Dr. Beckenstein
Dr. Beckenstein CV
Notable Patients
Alabama Breast Cancer Cooperative
Testimonials
Surgical Procedures
Breast
Breast Augmentation
Breast Implants
Breast Lift
Breast Reduction
Revision Surgery
Body
Liposuction
Tummy Tuck
Mommy Makeover
Post Weight Loss Surgery
Revision Surgery
Face
Facelift
Nanofat Grafting
Blepharoplasty
Breast Reconstruction
Medical Spa
BOTOX® Injections
Dermal Fillers
Liquid Facelift
Advanced Skin Care
Hair
NeoGraft® Hair Transplant
Sunetics G Laser Hair Therapy
New Patients
Patient Portal
Choosing a Plastic Surgeon
Your Comprehensive Consultation
Virtual Consultation
Financing
Photo Gallery
Contact Us
Shop Now
Blog
Request a Consultation
Blog
Categories
anti aging medicine
Body Contouring
Breast Augmentation
Breast Cancer
Breast Enhancement
Breast Enlargement
Breast Implants
Breast Lift
Breast Oncology
Breast Reconstruction
Breast Reduction
Eyelid Surgery
Face Lift
Facial Plastic Surgery
Facial Rejuvenation
BOTOX
Fat Transfer
Fat Transfer Breast Enlargement
Fat Transfer Breast Reconstruction
FTM top surgery
General Plastic Surgery
Gynecology
Hair Replacement
Hair Transplantation
Liposuction
Lumpectomy
Microdermabrasion
Midsection Makeover
Midsection Makeover
News & Events
nipple sparing mastectomy
Notable Patients
Oncoplastic Surgery
Patient Education
patient safety
Plastic Surgery Birmingham
Skin Care
Surgeon Education
top surgery
transgender surgery
Tummy Tuck
Uncategorized
Archives
December 2020
June 2019
March 2019
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
June 2018
April 2018
March 2018
December 2017
November 2017
October 2017
March 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
April 2016
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
January 2014
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
March 2012
February 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
August 2011
July 2011
May 2011
April 2011
February 2011
January 2011
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
Icon icon-search not found.