http://www.thyca.org/privacy-policy/
Free Newsletter & Information Packet|Chinese|Spanish|Other Languages
DONATE ONLINE|Press Room|About Us|Blog|Site Search
ThyCa: Thyroid Cancer
Survivors' Association, Inc.
Home
Papillary / Follicular
Medullary
Anaplastic
Pediatric
Support Groups
Medical Professionals
How to Help
Ways to Give
ThyCa does not ever share, sell, or give away contact information. ThyCa does not require any sharing of medical information. Any information collected in any form on our website’s online forms, such as e-mail addresses and/or contact information, is accessible only within ThyCa and will never be passed on to any third party, unless required by law.
Currently we are using Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer,  to help the website analyze how users use the site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please click here.
Privacy Policy
ThyCa Home
Founded in 1995, we are dedicated to thyroid cancer education, support, awareness, and research fundraising and thyroid cancer research grants.
Read more about ThyCa
Popular Pages
DONATE ONLINEGuestbookConferenceABOUT THYROID CANCER
Newly Diagnosed
Thyroid Cancer Facts & Statistics
Types, Stages, & Treatments
Papillary/Follicular
Medullary
Anaplastic
Pediatric
YouTube Videos
THYROID CANCER CARE: MORE
Lab Tests and Nodules
Radioactive Iodine and After
Low-Iodine Diet and Cookbook
Clinical Trials
Physician Guidelines
Find a Specialist
Links
FIND SUPPORT
Support Groups
Support Services
Resources for Groups Worldwide
EVENTS
Calendar
Webinars
Support Groups
Workshops
Conference
Thyroid Cancer Awareness Month
FREE PUBLICATIONS
Thyroid Cancer Basics Handbook English / Spanish / Chinese / Italian / Russian
Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer Handbook
Medullary Thyroid Cancer Handbook
Low-Iodine Cookbook English / Spanish / French
Low-Iodine Diet 1-page Guide English / Spanish / Hebrew / Japanese
Awareness Materials
Manual on Starting a Thyroid Cancer Organization
For Medical Professionals: Materials Request Form
RESEARCH FUNDING
Rally for Research
ThyCa Research Funds
ThyCa Research Grants
RAISE AWARENESS
Free Materials Anytime
September is Thyroid Cancer Awareness Month Worldwide
HOW TO HELP
Donate
Volunteer
Become a Member
Raise Awareness
ThyCa Spirit Items
ThyCa Medical AdvisorsUpdate Your ThyCa Profile
Contact Us