http://www.rcplondon.ac.uk/privacy-statement
Menu
Home
Education & PracticeRCP OnlineEd™
Advice for your career
Assessment & CPD
Courses & E-learningTeaching, supervision and assessment
Leadership
Appraisal and revalidation
Personal development
Funding & Awards
LibraryClinical and educational material
Historical research materials
Literature searching
Article supply and document delivery
RCP Journals
RCP Medicine podcast
Volunteering
RCP Revise™
EventsUpcoming Events
Conferences
Courses and workshops
Public
Social
Teach-ins
Guidelines & Policy
Projects
Video & AudioLive streaming
Video archive
Podcasts
My RCP
News
Blogs
About usWho we areOur governance
Our history
Our role
Our strategy
Our vision
Our faculties
Our specialties
What we doAccreditation
Audits
Global support
Invited reviews
Museum and archive
National guidelines
Policy
Quality improvement
RCP at The Spine
UK regional networkRCP regions
Who's whoBoard of Trustees
Censors
College officers and senior roles
Council
Executive leadership team
International officers
Regional advisers
Special advisers
Senior college officers
Get involvedCommittees
Patient and Carer Network
Provide a CPD event
Volunteering
Working parties
CareersWhat we offer
Diversity and staff development
How to apply
ContactVisiting
Environmental sustainability
Menu
Search
Join
Login
Donate
Home »
Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Web team
Email:
webteam@rcplondon.ac.uk
At the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our audiences, members and visitors. This privacy statement explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
What this statement takes into account
Our privacy statement takes into account several legal instruments, including:
the General Data Protection Regulation 2016
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011
Directive 2009/136/EC of 25 November 2009 (“The European Union Cookie Directive”)
Our privacy statement also takes into account internal staff policies, including:
Data protection policy
Information security policy
Employee data protection policy 413.71 KB
RCP information security policy 470.29 KB
Information that we collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of your information
What we do with your data
All personal information held by the Royal College of Physicians of London (RCP) will be held in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 and the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
The RCP collects data during membership application and registration; through subscription to activities, resources, services, and training; and through partnership activities, resources, services and training.
Why we need to collect and use your data
The RCP maintains information about members and other service users in order to provide membership benefits, educational products, and research services. Information is also retained for monitoring training, research and statistical analysis, in data comparisons to verify qualifications and to prevent fraudulent activity.
The RCP uses information about members and other service users for fundraising, including fundraising research, to further advance the mission of the RCP.
The RCP commits to using your information in accordance with your mailing preferences. Please contact membershipqueries@rcplondon.ac.uk or log in to your MyRCP account on the website to amend your profile.
Who we share your data with outside the RCP
The RCP shares information across internal departments to improve our communications and services; and with appropriate third parties* in order to improve clinical practice, medical training and our services. The RCP will not sell information about members and other service users to third parties.
*Non-exclusive list: Department of Health; education, CPD and training programmes in higher education and the NHS; examination centres; Federation of Royal Medical Colleges [Academy of Physicians Colleges]; General Medical Council; postgraduate deaneries and overseas equivalents.
The RCP discloses personal details to appropriate suppliers, in order for members and other service users to take advantage of any discounts on products and services offered by the RCP’s partners.
How we protect your data outside the territories covered by the GDPR
All data sharing outside the EU is covered by full written agreements which include GDPR requirements.
How long we keep your data and why
The RCP collects and holds data on members and other service users in a range of systems, each with their own retention requirements. Further information is available in the full processing statements for individual systems, as below.
Where we got your data from, if not you
The RCP collects and holds data on members and other service users in a range of systems, each with their own data sources. Further information is available in the full processing statements for individual systems and will be provided in response to individual requests, as required.
Your rights
You have the right to access all information which identifies you as a living person, held on RCP systems. You have the right to a copy of your data in a standard format, where technically possible. You also have the right to rectify factual errors in current RCP systems and processes. The above rights apply across all work areas in the RCP. If you wish to exercise these rights, contact the data protection officer: dataprotection@rcplondon.ac.uk.
The right to restrict processing, stop your data being processed or have your data deleted will vary across RCP work areas, depending on the circumstances. Further information is available in the full processing statements for individual systems and will be provided in response to individual requests, as required.
Where we use automated decision making and how this affects you
The RCP does not use automated decision making in managing either membership or service activities.
Who makes the decisions about using your data, if not the RCP
The RCP works with a range of partners to deliver membership activities, educational services and research programmes. Further information is available in the full processing statements for individual systems and will be provided in response to individual requests, as required.
Who to contact at the RCP and how to complain
If you wish to know more about how we manage privacy at the RCP, or you wish to make a complaint, contact the data protection officer: dataprotection@rcplondon.ac.uk.
The UK regulator for privacy law is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). See their website for further information on your rights.
If the use of your data changes, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this information ensures you are always aware of what data we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, we will share it with other parties.
Processing statements
AACs
CPD diary
Education Directorate
Faculty of Medical Leadership and Management (FMLM)
Joint Royal College of Physicians Training Board (JRCPTB)
Medical Workforce Unit
Meetings & Events
Membership
MRCP (UK)
National Guideline Centre
RCP regional network.
RCP clinical programmes and audits:
Improving Quality in Allergy Services (IQAS)
Improving Quality in Liver Services (IQILS)
JAG Bowel Cancer Screening Accreditation (SAAS)
JAG Endoscopy Training System (JETS)
JAG on GI Endoscopy
Quality in Primary Immunodeficiency Services (QPIDS)
Safe Effective Quality Occupational Health Service (SEQOHS).
RCP library, archive and museum:
Athens account service
document delivery and inter-library loans
literature search service
permanent collections.
Further information can be provided in response to individual requests, as required.
Security
No data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, the RCP cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to try to ensure its security both on our systems and while in transit between our systems and the companies who provide us with various services.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you browse websites. We use cookies to improve your experience while visiting the RCP website, to understand how our site is being used and to provide you with more useful content.
Read our cookies policy
You can adjust your device's settings to decline, disable and delete cookies if you wish. For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org.
Demographics
Our server records your visit for demographic reasons and to help us understand how you use the site. We use the information we collect to improve the site and provide better services. The information we collect is treated in accordance with the data protection principles outlined in the Data Protection Act 1998.
Changes
We may make changes to this statement from time to time. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page. The amended privacy and cookies policy will apply from the date it is posted on our site and will govern the way in which we collect and use personal information from the date of the change.
This statement was last updated March 2019.
Share