https://www.casinositesuk.com/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Upon using the services of CasinoSitesUK.com, you agree to the regulations listed below. Be aware that our Privacy Policy is a constituent part of the site’s Terms and Conditions. Hence, you will need to coordinate your user actions to meet requirements explicitly stated in both sections.
Types of Information Collected
CasinoSitesUK.com collects non-identifiable information from the user’s general activity on the given site. This is done for the purpose of overall improvement of the site’s infrastructure and services.
This site additionally collects identifiable information about each individual, predominantly related to the user’s geo-location and device used at the time they access it.
Both types of information are commonly known as Personal Information and represent the collection of data used in specific, predetermined scenarios.
Cookies Policy
A cookie is a specific piece of data that is stored on your device in order to track your access to CasinoSitesUK.com.
They collect, store and permanently track the user’s activity (if they choose to accept the cookie policy of our site).
Advantages of the use of cookies include: more suitable content, services and customer support, as well as easier navigation through the site on every consecutive visit.
Users have the right to remove the cookies through simple instructions from their chosen web browser. Note that this may lead to limited quality of the site’s services.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
CasinoSitesUK.com strongly forbids any flow of information from their private servers to third party companies, unless they have a special confidentiality agreement which guarantees that its use is completely internal and will not undergo any form of abuse.
Information is disclosed to associates and subcontractors solely, as well as any institution which demands it based on the country’s legal framework.
Under no circumstances can any identifiable information be sold, traded or in any other way manipulated for personal gains, thus putting the user’s privacy at risk.
Non-identifiable information which is of general character may be used externally, for certain entertainment and advertisement purposes or internally, for the website’s analytics.
Links to Third Parties
CasinoSitesUK.com may contain links which lead to certain third party associates.
Our site is completely independent of these third party companies. Thus, it is not expected of us to take responsibility for any content publicized by their authors.
Furthermore, we do not abide by their terms of service, just as much as they do not take into account ours when performing their operations.
Corporate Migration & Transaction
In a specific case where the company is about to be purchased by another entity or merge with its management, user information undergoes the same process as all other company assets. This means that should you be a user of our site’s services at the given time, information about your activity on the site will be shared with the relevant company.
Legal Gambling Age
Minors younger than 18 years are not allowed to engage in gambling.
Our site fully supports this claim and aims to limit its services to users who are 18 or above.
Top Rated Uk Casino
Active since 1997
High-quality casino games
Lots of bonuses and promotions
Great Live Casino
100% up to £100 on the first deposit
(T&C apply. 18+)
Visit
Read Review
Favourite Casino Games
Slots
Roulette
Blackjack
Top UK Live Dealer Games
Blackjack
Roulette
Baccarat
Copyright &COPY 2017 - 2020 CasinoSitesUK.com. All rights reserved.
InformationLive Casinos
Land-Based Casinos
Mobile Casinos
UK Casino Bonuses
Casino News
Blog
GamesBlackjack
Baccarat
Keno
Roulette
Slots
Video Poker
Payment MethodsVisa and MasterCard
Debit Cards
NETeller
PayPal
Skrill
Bitcoin
Ethereum
Home
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Responsible Gambling
Contact Us
Sitemap
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok