http://www.cmch.org/main/web-privacy-policy
McLaren Central Michigan Guidelines for Coronavirus
Update to hospital entrances
McLaren|McLaren Central Michigan
Welcome to
McLaren Central Michigan
Phone:(800) 671-1453
Book an Appointment
Find a Physician
Pay a Bill
Safe Care During COVID-19
Learn More
I'm a
Patient
Provider
Job Seeker
Volunteer
Donor
Employee
and would like to
Go
Go
Go
Go
Go
Go
Access my Medical Records
Book an Appointment
Central Michigan Volunteer Opportunities
Contact Us
Donate to McLaren Central Michigan Fund Development
Find a Career
Find a Central Michigan Provider
Find a McLaren Central Michigan Physicians
Find Patient and Visitor Information
Go to the Medical Library
Join McLaren Medical Group
Learn about McLaren Central Michigan Fund Development
Refer a Patient
View Classes and Events
View For Employees Central Michigan
View Internal Job Postings
View Locations
View Medical Library
(Section Name) menu
McLaren Central Michigan
About UsBoard of TrusteesCommunity Health Needs Assessment and Implementation PlanOur CommunityExecutive TeamBook An AppointmentEmergencyLabPhysician / Office AppointmentMcLarenNow Virtual VisitEventsLocationsFind A PhysicianPatient and Visitor InformationFeedback and RecognitionCARE AwardsDirectory of Frequent Phone NumberMedical RecordsPatient AmenitiesPatient Safety HuddlesSend a GreetingPay Your Bill
Quality Health Care in Mt Pleasant Michigan
McLaren Central Michigan is a 118-bed acute care hospital located in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. It offers a full range of health and wellness services from the hospital campus and off-site locations. McLaren Central Michigan is recognized as an accessible and dependable source of quality medical care for residents of Mount Pleasant, Isabella County and the surrounding area. The hospital holds high marks of accreditation from the American Osteopathic Association. In addition to its medical staff of over 60 active physicians, it is affiliated with more than 150 other quality providers. The hospital is one of the region’s largest employers, with more than 600 employees and another 200 volunteers.
McLaren Central Michigan has consistently scored well for patient safety as determined by the LeapFrog Group at HospitalSafetyScore.org, and has been named one of the nation’s 100 Top Hospitals® by Thomson Reuters, for adherence to clinical standards of care, patient safety, patient satisfaction, operational efficiency and financial stability.
COVID-19 Update
McLaren has resumed elective procedures and in-office care. Call your provider for details.Testing and safety precautions are in place to protect your health.
Visitor Restrictions
Donate Blood Plasma
Safe Care
COVID Resources and Updates
Featured Services
Cancer Services
Cardiology
Emergency Services
Orthopedics
Stroke Services
Women's Health
View All Services at McLaren Central Michigan
Plan Your Visit
McLaren Central Michigan
1221 South Drive
Mt. Pleasant
,
MI
48858
(800) 671-1453
View Phone Directory
Amenities We Offer Patient & Visitors Get Directions
Doing What's Best In Patient Safety
McLaren Central Michigan has been named one of the Top 100 Rural & Community Hospitals in the United States by The Chartis Center for Rural Health. Regarded as one of the industry’s most significant designations of performance excellence, the annual Top 100 Rural & Community Hospitals award is based upon the results of the Hospital Strength INDEX® from iVantage Health Analytics.
Learn More
Patient Tools
At McLaren Central Michigan, we want to help empower you to take charge of your health care. We offer convenient tools that you can use to be seen by a physician from the convenience of your home or office, gain access to your personal medical records, find a doctor close to home, and more.
Virtual Visit
Access Patient Portal
Find a Physician
Select a doctors specialty
Patient Stories
Dana Agnew
McLaren Central Michigan
“My daughter’s fifth grade teacher, Kate List, reached out to me when she found out I was fighting cancer. The whole school really took me under its wing and made sure that I didn’t fight alone."
Read More
See All Patient Stories
The Latest From
McLaren Central Michigan
News
May 29, 2020
McLaren Health Care Partners With Premier, Inc. and Prestige Ameritech to Expand Domestic PPE Production
GRAND BLANC, MI — McLaren Health Care announced today that it has partnered with Premier, Inc., a leading healthcare improvement company, to acqui...
Read More
February 21, 2020
McLaren Central Michigan Earns Blue Cross Blue Shield Distinction Center for Total Joint Replacement
McLaren Central Michigan (MCM) has earned the Blue Cross Blue Shield Distinction Center designation for hip and knee total joint replacement from ...
Read More
December 11, 2019
McLaren Central Michigan Receives Joint Commission Gold Seal of Approval for Hospital Accreditation
McLaren Central Michigan (MCM) has earned The Joint Commission’s Gold Seal of Approval ® for Hospital Accreditation by demonstrating continuous co...
Read More
View All News
Videos
McLaren Health Care Annual Report Video 2017
Watch the Video
Dr. Brenda Nyamogo
Watch the Video
cancer care
Dr. Rami Safadi
Watch the Video
View All Videos
Publications
January 27, 2020
2019 Annual Report - McLaren Health Care
Read More
View All Publications
Awards
McLaren Central Michigan Earns Blue Cross Blue Shield Distinction Center for Total Joint Replacement
McLaren Central Michigan Receives Joint Commission Gold Seal of Approval for Hospital Accreditation
McLaren Central Michigan Nationally Recognized for Straight ‘A’s in The Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grade
View All Awards
Connect With Us
Looking for a Job?
Follow Us
Donate
Loading...