http://www.seattlechildrens.org/about-this-site/website-privacy/
Skip to nav
Skip to content
COVID-19 Advisory: Visitors limited to only one parent/caregiver at all clinics and no siblings allowed. Learn more.
About This Site
About This Site
Website Privacy
Privacy Policy
Seattle Children’s (Children’s) is committed to providing its users with an Internet experience that respects and protects their personal privacy choices and concerns.
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Website.
This Website contains links to other websites. Children’s is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Web Traffic Data Collected
When you use our website, we collect anonymous information. Anonymous information is information about how you use our website (such as places visited and searches performed).
Anonymous information also includes the domain names and/or IP addresses of browsers that visit our website, time of day the website was visited and other non-personally identifiable information. Anonymous information is information that is not tied to any individual, but helps to characterize Children’s users to improve our services.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. We use cookies to identify returning visitors, so that they do not have to reenter a password whenever they return to our website.
Personal Information Collected
Our website uses an order form for customers to request information, products and services. We collect a visitor’s contact information (such as an email address) and financial information (such as an account or credit card numbers) in various forms on the website. This information is used to fulfill orders and process payments or donations.
The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. For example, we might have a question about the processing of an order. If a user so requests, we may use the contact information to send the user additional information about Children’s.
Newsletters
When you receive newsletters, Children’s maintains information about you, which may include your name and your email address. If you are a member of Children’s staff, this may also include your position and role at Children’s and your medical staff membership status.
This information is used to support your ability to select the content areas in which you are interested, to collect traffic data and to help Children’s to direct information to appropriate people.
The personally identifiable information we collect is not used for any purposes other than those listed above and will not be not disclosed to anyone other than Children’s and its partners, contractors and agents, unless necessary to comply with a court order or other legal process, or to protect the rights or property interests of Children’s.
You may request to be removed from email lists by clicking on “unsubscribe” at the end of these newsletters.
You may opt out of patient and family fundraising communications here
Security
This website has what we consider to be reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Information is stored on servers we believe to be reasonably secure. Access to change or edit content/information is restricted to those authorized by Children’s to do so.
Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the website. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting.
Copyright and Reuse
Copyright
© 1995–2020 Seattle Children’s Healthcare System. All rights reserved. “Seattle Children’s” is a registered trademark and trade name of Seattle Children’s Healthcare System and its related and controlled organizations.
Seattle Children’s Healthcare System4800 Sand Point Way NEPO Box 5371Seattle, WA 98145-5005USA
Seattle Children’s Healthcare System and its related organizations (SCHS) own the copyright or hold electronic publishing rights for all documents and related graphics (our Materials) available from this World Wide Web server (the server).
Medical content in Should Your Child See a Doctor? is taken from Parent Care for Pediatric Symptoms, Copyright 2000–2016 Barton D. Schmitt, MD. All rights reserved. As allowed by the license from Dr. Schmitt, the content has been reformatted by Pediatric Web, Inc., for this website and may be modified by Seattle Children’s for its website to conform to the standards of care for Seattle Children’s.
Except for material in the public domain under United States copyright law, all material contained on the Website (including any and all images, text, lists, pages, software, code) is protected by United States and foreign copyright laws. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these terms and conditions, you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, rewrite, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material contained on the Website without the prior consent of the copyright owner. None of the material contained on the Website may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo reproduction, recordation or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of Seattle Children’s. Violation of this provision may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
You may make single copies of materials displayed on this Website for your own personal and noncommercial use only, provided any copies include the copyright and other notices displayed with the materials on the Website. Any such copies may not be distributed to others, whether or not for a charge or other consideration, without prior written permission from Seattle Children’s or the copyright owner of the copied material. For permission to use, copy or distribute documents or related graphics other than as set forth above, please contact Web Services for Seattle Children’s Healthcare System.
Linking
Linking to Seattlechildrens.org
Seattle Children’s Healthcare System (SCHS) reserves the right to modify, break or delete hyperlinks at any time, and takes no responsibility for any inbound links established by others that are affected by such changes. Under no circumstances may the Website or any of its content be “framed” or portions of the Website copied to a server, except as part of an Internet service provider’s or Internet search engine’s incidental caching of pages. Each page within the Website must be displayed in full (including all trademarks, branding, advertising and promotional materials), without any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding, trademark, advertising or promotional materials not originally displayed on the page within the Website.
Without our prior written consent you will not, and you will not authorize, direct or permit any other party to (1) co-brand the Website or any portion thereof, or (2) frame the Website or any portion thereof (so that the Website appears on the same screen within a portion of another website). “Co-branding” means to display a name, logo, trademark, or other indicia of ownership of any party in a manner reasonably likely to give a user of the Website the impression that the party has the right to display, publish, or market the Website or any content accessible within the Website. You agree to cooperate with us in immediately stopping any unauthorized co-branding, framing, or linking to the Website.
Linking From Seattlechildrens.org
This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites offered by parties other than Seattle Children’s Healthcare System (SCHS). Such hyperlinks are provided for reference and convenience only. SCHS does not control such other websites and is not responsible for their content; nor does SCHS’s inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. Unless otherwise specifically stated on this Website, SCHS does not endorse any product or service or make any representation regarding the reliability, quality or accuracy of any products or services featured in, or linked to, any content appearing on this Website.
Software Available on Website
Any software that is made available to download from this Website is the copyrighted work of Seattle Children’s Healthcare System (SCHS) and/or its suppliers, affiliates or controlled entities. Your use of the software is governed by the terms of the End User License Agreement, if any, that accompanies or is included with the software. You may not install or use any software without first agreeing to the terms of such End User License Agreement. For any software not accompanied by an End User License Agreement, SCHS hereby grants to you a personal, nontransferable, non-sublicensable license to use the software for viewing and other purposes within the scope of use of such software anticipated by SCHS in accordance with these terms and conditions, and for no other purpose. Any such software is provided to you subject to the warranty and liability exclusions set forth in these terms and conditions.
Disclaimers
The information on this Website is provided as a courtesy by Seattle Children’s Healthcare System (SCHS) and its related organizations. SCHS expressly disclaims any representation or warranty, express or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness or fitness for a particular purpose of the information.
Persons accessing this information assume full responsibility for the use of the information and understand and agree that SCHS is not responsible or liable for any claim, loss or damage arising from the use of the information.
References to specific products, processes, resources, websites or services do not constitute or imply recommendation or endorsement by SCHS. The views and opinions of the document authors do not necessarily state or reflect those of SCHS.
The information published on this server could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information in this server.
If the information you're reviewing is of a medical or clinical nature, please read this medical disclaimer.
Medical Disclaimer
Medicine is an ever-changing science. As new research and clinical experience broaden our knowledge, changes in treatment and drug therapy are required.
The authors have checked with sources believed to be reliable in their efforts to provide information that is complete and generally in accord with the standards accepted at the time of publication.
However, in view of the possibility of human error or changes in medical sciences, neither the authors nor SCHS nor any other party who has been involved in the preparation or publication of this work warrants that the information contained herein is in every respect accurate or complete, and they are not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information.
Readers should confirm the information contained herein with other sources and are encouraged to consult with their health care provider before making any health care decision.
Seattle Children’s Blogs Disclaimer
The opinions expressed on Seattlechildrens.org blogs are the personal opinions of the original author(s), not of Seattle Children’s. The content is not meant to be an endorsement or representation by Seattle Children’s or any other party.
Advertising and Publicity
You shall not use Seattle Children’s Healthcare System (SCHS)’s name or logo in any form of publicity or promotional or advertising material, or in any communications with the media without SCHS’s prior written consent to the specific contemplated use. SCHS does not endorse, recommend or approve the commercial products and services displayed on this Website.
Questions or Comments?
If you have any questions about the privacy statement, the disclaimers, the terms of use, the practices of this Website or your dealings with this Website, you may contact:
Web Services ManagerSeattle Children’sPO Box 50020 / S-217Seattle, WA 98145Contact Web Services
Privacy OfficeSeattle Children’sPO Box 5371 / RC-402Seattle, WA 98145-5005206-987-1200866-987-2000, extension 7-1200 (toll free)Contact the Privacy Office
Also in This Section…
Overview
Website Feedback
Website Terms of Use
Website Privacy
Notice of Privacy Practices
©1995–2020
Seattle Children’s Hospital
4800 Sand Point Way NE,
Seattle,
WA
98105
206-987-2000
866-987-2000 (toll-free)
206-987-0391 (TTY)
Seattle Children’s complies with applicable federal and other civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude people or treat them differently based on race, color, religion (creed), sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin (ancestry), age, disability, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Financial assistance for medically necessary services is based on family income and hospital resources and is provided to children under age 21 whose primary residence is in Washington, Alaska, Montana or Idaho.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage and assist in marketing efforts. For more information, see Website Privacy.
Accept All Cookies