http://www.allhealth.edu/appointments/cancer-help-line.html
Home
keyboard_arrow_right
Appointments
Cancer Help Line
Home
Appointments
Cancer Help Line
Cancer Help Line
AHN Cancer Help Line is free for anyone. You can talk to an expert oncology nurse for knowledgeable answers, appointments and scheduling assistance, personalized advice, support, and reassurance.
(412) NURSE-4-U
(412) 687-7348
Common Questions about the AHN Cancer Help Line
What can the AHN Cancer Help Line do for me?
When you call (412) NURSE-4-U (412) 687-7348 our expert oncology nurses can:
Assist with scheduling a cancer-related appointment
Help you understand your condition or test results following your appointment with your oncologist
Explain your treatment options
Offer suggestions on diet, exercise, or managing side-effects
Help you know what your symptoms mean and if you should call your doctor
When can I call?
The AHN Cancer Help Line is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Who will I be talking to?
The AHN Cancer Help Line is answered by AHN Cancer Institute expert oncology nurses who have years of experience helping patients and their families. They are up-to-date about the latest cancer treatments and research.
Do I have to be seeing an AHN doctor?
No. You can call (412) NURSE-4-U (412) 687-7348 no matter what doctors are treating you.
Will the AHN Cancer Help Line try to direct me to another doctor?
No. We are simply here to answer your questions and provide support as needed. If you are looking for a new doctor or additional treatment options, our nurses will be happy to assist you with getting an appointment and transferring your medical records (some restrictions may apply).
Does it matter what insurance I have to call the help line?
No. The AHN Cancer Help Line is free for anyone regardless of insurance carrier.
If I am seeing an AHN doctor, can the AHN Cancer Help Line oncology nurses see my records?
Yes. As an AHN patient, our oncology nurses can review your medical records to provide the best care possible based on your history. Your call to the Help Line will be entered into your medical records so your doctor knows that you called and is aware of your concerns or any side effect you may have been experiencing.
What if I am experiencing side effects after my doctor’s office has closed?
AHN offers the After Hours Clinic*, located in West Penn Hospital’s Mellon Pavilion Medical Oncology Clinic. The clinic is open Monday through Friday from 3:00 PM to 8:00 PM and is staffed by a nurse practitioner, a registered nurse, and a medical assistant, working with an oncologist.
The After Hours Clinic is ready to treat your symptoms, including:
Pain
Fever
Fatigue
Upper respiratory infections
Coughing
Painful mouth sore
Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and constipation
Dehydration
Rashes
For more information or to contact the After Hours Oncology Clinic, call (412) 770-3070.
What if I am experiencing severe symptoms?
If you are experiencing life-threatening symptoms like chest pain or shortness of breath, go to your nearest emergency room or call 911.
What if I am looking for cancer resources in the community?
We can refer you to support groups, community social services, or other resources based on your needs.
What if I have questions about billing?
For billing questions, please call your insurance provider directly.
Answers when you need them most are #LivingProof.
Track your care on MyChart
Use MyChart to message your doctor, request appointments, view test results, request prescription renewals, pay medical bills, and more.
SIGN UP FOR MYCHART
The AHN Cancer Help Line does not replace a physician’s care, and callers will be referred back to their oncologist whenever appropriate. AHN Cancer Help Line nurses do not make diagnoses or deliver prognoses. For current AHN patients, this service is provided in addition to the AHN Cancer Institute Navigation Program.
*
The clinic is open only to patients being treated for cancer at Allegheny Health Network.
Copyright © 2020 Allegheny Health Network. All rights reserved