http://www.awhonn.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2020-01-26T04:36:05+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY FOR AWHONN.org and AWHONN Section Websites
NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY SEEKING MEDICAL CARE FOR YOURSELF OR YOUR PATIENTS BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 2, 2017
PRIVACY POLICY FOR AWHONN.org Sites
YOU SHOULD READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. By using our Website, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use the Sites.
OVERVIEW:
AWHONN takes your privacy very seriously. AWHONN recognizes and respects the personal privacy of its website users and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, protect and disclose information we receive through this website.
AWHONN may revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. Your continued use of the Sites after changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE AND WE COLLECT:
AWHONN may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable information at various points throughout the site. Depending on the information and/or services you request you may be asked to provide your name, email address, address, phone number, payment details, and similar information.  Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to AWHONN.
If you purchase products from the AWHONN online store or make donations to EveryWoman EveryBaby on the AWHONN websites, your order is processed by a third party and your payment information is collected and processed by that third party. In connection with such purchases/donations, AWHONN will record certain information, such as the type of products ordered or purchased, and the date of the transaction.
The personally identifiable information you provide will be processed by AWHONN in accordance with United States privacy regulation.  We encourage use of secure internet connections while using our web sites.  Providing information through a public insecure internet connection may result in capture of that information outside of the control of AWHONN.
We use various web tools such as cookies, sessions, and other technology that may be stored on your hard drive to automatically collect information that tells us how website users are generally using our site, accessing services that are available on our site, and log web usage data from you when you visit the AWHONN website. This information is not categorized as personal information.
HOW AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE INFORMATION:
AWHONN will not disclose to third parties any personal information it gathers from you on our website except as specifically agreed to by you or as follows:
To Provide Services to Members/Registered Users. We may share your personal information with certain third party vendors or suppliers to process any orders for products or services that you may have placed with the AWHONN Store. In addition, specific services that we make available on our site may require that we disclose some or all of your personal information to third parties. For example, it may be necessary for us to provide your personal information to an accrediting body to verify that you have successfully completed one of our continuing education (CE) courses. Once your personal information is in the possession of any such third party, that information will become subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
To Provide Membership Lists. AWHONN does make its membership list available to certain companies on a rental basis. Each rental of the AWHONN membership list is for one use only and must meet very strict guidelines. All AWHONN members can “opt-out” or choose to not have their name included on the membership list.
To Law Enforcement Authorities and Governmental Entities.  We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, or if requested to do so by a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of AWHONN; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
To our Business Partners and Sponsors.  We may share aggregate statistical information about our visitors, sales, traffic patterns and site usage with our business partners and advertisers. There is nothing in this information that could be used by our partners or sponsors to identify or contact you.
In addition, AWHONN may provide to third parties non-personal information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted and that may be combined with the non-personal information of other users. Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge third parties for this aggregated or non-personal information. We also may not limit the third parties’ use of the aggregated or non-personal information.
EXTERNAL LINKS:
In order to provide our members and registered users with high-quality content and services, the AWHONN site features different types of external links:
Third Party Websites. The AWHONN site features links to other websites that we believe our visitors might find interesting. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of any sites maintained by third parties, including the websites of our sponsors or of employers that post jobs on our Nursing Career Center. This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites maintained by any third parties, even if the AWHONN website provides links to those sites. AWHONN does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. If you choose to link to a third party website, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that third party website collects and uses your personal information.
AWHONN Sections. We feature links to all the AWHONN Sections in the United States, Canada and the Armed Forces. AWHONN Sections are required to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy in order to have a link on our site; however, beyond this requirement, AWHONN has no control over and is not responsible for the practices and content of the individual websites of the AWHONN Sections.
Related Websites. In addition to links to our Sections, we feature links to related sites such as Nursing for Women’s Health (formerly AWHONN Lifelines) (http://nwhjournal.org/), JOGNN (Journal of Obstetric, Gynecological and Neonatal Nursing) (http://jognn.org), and Healthy Mom & Baby website (http://health4mom.org/). AWHONN provides some content on these sites. However, AWHONN has no control over the operations of these websites, which operations are controlled and maintained by a third party. This Privacy Policy does not apply to AWHONN-related websites. AWHONN does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites. If you choose to link to one of the AWHONN-related websites, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other sites to understand how that party’s website collects and uses your personal information.  To learn more about the information policies at the Nursing for Women’s Health, JOGNN or Healthy Mom & Baby websites, contact those websites directly.
SECURITY
AWHONN has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure.  From time to time, we review our security measures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods.  Please be aware that we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
When you purchase online at AWHONN, your credit card information is protected through the use of current SSL encryption. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. In addition, AWHONN uses a certified third-party processor for transactions.
CHILDREN
The AWHONN website is not intended for nor does it knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT PERSONAL INFORMATION TO AWHONN.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
AWHONN recognizes that your privacy is important to you. Therefore, it is important to us that you know what your privacy choices are:
E-mail. When you register with our site, you will be required to provide an e-mail address that we can use to contact you with and provide you with information that we believe may be of interest to you. If you later decide that you do not want to receive e-mails from AWHONN you may unsubscribe to our e-mail list by writing or sending an e-mail to the address below. Additionally, each e-mail communication sent by AWHONN provides functionality to allow you to unsubscribe from all future e-mail communication.
Changing/Deleting Personal Information. You may correct or edit any of the optional personal information that you provide during the registration process by using the “update profile” tool on the website or by writing or sending an e-mail to us at the address below.
AWHONN retains the personal information that you provide as part of our registration process. However, if at a later date, you decide that you do not wish AWHONN to use or disclose that information in the future, you may write to AWHONN at the address below and request that your information not be used , except as required by law or as necessary for internal operations, after the date such information is deemed inactive. For all inquiries or requests about the AWHONN site, please write to:
AWHONN, Attention: Webmaster
1800 M Street N.W. Suite 740
Washington, D.C. 20036
Or
E-mail webmaster@awhonn.orgIf you prefer, you may opt-out by calling our Member Care Team toll-free at 800-354-2268 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm Eastern Time.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS:
If you are a California resident, you are entitled by law to request an Information Sharing Disclosure.  If you provide notice to the address below, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so.  To receive such a notice, submit a written request to the address listed in the Access section below, specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Notice.”  Please allow thirty days for a response.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
AWHONN will only use and disclose personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when the personal information was collected from you. However, we reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on our site. If, at any point, we decide to use or disclose personal information in a manner that differs significantly from what we stated in our Privacy Policy at the time the personal information was collected, we will notify AWHONN registered users by e-mail.
It is your responsibility to ensure that AWHONN has a current and correct e-mail address for you. Should your e-mail address change at any point and your preferences are not updated to reflect such a change, AWHONN will not be responsible for the your failure to receive an updated version of the AWHONN Privacy Policy or Website Terms and Conditions as well as any other e-mails distributed by AWHONN.  If at any time you have any questions or concerns about AWHONN’s Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us or otherwise contact us at the addresses set forth above.
NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY SEEKING MEDICAL CARE FOR YOURSELF OR YOUR PATIENTS BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
Copyright AWHONN 2017 All rights reserved.
UPCOMING EVENTS
Feb
25
Canceled - 2021 AWHONN California Virtual Conference
Feb 25 (08:00 am)
Apr
22
AWHONN Syracuse Chapter Spring Teaching Day
Apr 22 (07:30 am)
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Syracuse
Sep
24
Save the Date! AWHONN Michigan Conference
Sep 24 (07:00 am)
The Hagerty Center
Jul
22
SAVE THE DATE! 2022 AWHONN Florida Conference
Jul 22 (08:00 am)
Naples Grand Beach Resort
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.