http://www.nidcr.nih.gov/about-us/web-policies
Skip to main content
×
COVID-19 is an emerging, rapidly evolving situation.
Get the latest public health information from CDC: https://www.coronavirus.gov
Get the latest research information from NIH: https://www.nih.gov/coronavirus
Get the latest oral health information from CDC: https://www.cdc.gov/oralhealth
View NIH staff guidance on coronavirus (NIH Only): https://employees.nih.gov/pages/coronavirus/
Español
Search
Search
Leadership & Staff
-
+
Director
NIH Staff Directory
Organizational Chart
Advisory Committees
-
+
National Advisory Dental & Craniofacial Research Council
Board of Scientific Counselors (Division of Intramural Research)
Special Emphasis Panel
Special Grants Review Committee
Strategic Plan
Congressional & Budget
-
+
Congressional Justifications
Congressional Testimony
Written Responses to Congress
Job Openings
Diversity
Getting to NIDCR
Contact Us
Mission
Home
About Us
Share
Web Policies
Disclaimer of Endorsement and Liability
The National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research (NIDCR) does not endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services. Reference in this website to specific commercial products, process, service, manufacturer, or company does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by the U.S. Government. NIDCR is not responsible for the contents of any "off-site" webpage referenced from this server. The information on NIDCR's website may not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
When visiting our website, your browser may produce pop-up advertisements. These advertisements were most likely produced by other websites you visited or by third party software installed on your computer. NIDCR does not endorse or recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up advertisement on your computer screen while visiting our site.
Copyright Information
Most of the information available on the NIDCR website is within the public domain, and unless otherwise noted, may be freely downloaded and reproduced.
Please credit NIDCR as the source, and include the publication name, the URL, and the date the document was accessed.
At times the NIDCR website may contain images, documents, or links to images or documents (such as full-text journal articles) that may be copyright protected. In such cases, permission to reproduce copyrighted images or documents must be obtained from the copyright holders.
Information Disclaimer
The information provided on this website is intended only to be general summary information for the public. It is not NIDCR’s intention to provide individualized health information or specific dental/medical advice, but rather to provide the general public with information to better understand their health and their diagnosed disorders. For dental or medical advice or answers to specific questions, NIDCR urges you to visit a qualified dentist or physician.
Linking Policy
The NIDCR website may link to other Federal agencies, professional organizations, dental institutions, and patient advocacy groups with useful patient education information.
When linking to a non-Federal site, NIDCR uses the following criteria to evaluate the site:
The organization must be national in scope; it must exist as a nonprofit organization or educational institution. No individually operated websites will be considered.
The organization's mission must relate to the goals of NIDCR.
The organization must provide accurate, up-to-date, science-based information that complements or enhances information on the NIDCR website.
The organization must have a professional advisory board.
The site must not contain commercial or product endorsements.
The site must not have an unmoderated chat room.
The organization must provide evidence that they review and update their site on an annual basis.
The site must adhere to government policies regarding privacy of user data.
Individuals or organizations wishing to link to the NIDCR website should direct their link to https://www.nidcr.nih.gov. If a description is to be provided with the link, NIDCR prefers the following:
The National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research website [https://www.nidcr.nih.gov] provides accurate, up-to-date information about oral health, clinical trials, patient resources, research advances, and funding and training opportunities for researchers and health professionals.
Also see Disclaimer of Endorsement and Liability.
External Link Disclaimer
This graphic () means that you are leaving the NIDCR website. The NIDCR site provides links to external sites for informational purposes only. Links to external websites do not constitute NIDCR endorsement of these sites or their contents. Furthermore, NIDCR does not control or guarantee the currency, accuracy, or completeness of information found on linked, external sites.
When users select a link to an external website, they are subject to the privacy and security policies of the external site.
NIDCR does not guarantee that linked, external websites comply with Section 508 (Accessibility Requirements) of the Rehabilitation Act.
NIDCR cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials published on linked, external websites. Users must request authorization from the sponsors of those external sites.
Web Accessibility Policy
We have endeavored to make the NIDCR website accessible to all users. The website complies with Section 508 standards and is compatible with screen readers and other assistive technologies. However, this is an ongoing process and it is possible that some users may encounter problems accessing some pages. For questions about NIDCR's continuing efforts to make its web-based information accessible to all users, or to report an accessibility problem on any pages, please e-mail the NIDCR Webmaster.
To learn more about the regulations governing the accessibility of federal electronic information products, visit the United States Access Board or the official Section 508 page.
Notice to Limited English Proficient Individuals
NIH is renewing its commitment to providing meaningful access to its programs and activities for people with limited English proficiency (LEP). In accordance with Executive Order 13166, Improving Access to Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency, the information translated on the nih.gov site and on the NIDCR site is free of charge to the public.
If you need more information about available resources in your language or in another language, please contact us at nidcrinfo@mail.nih.gov.
NIDCR Logo Policy
The NIDCR logo policy is based on the official logo policies of HHS and NIH, which specify that HHS and NIH logos are not in the public domain and may be used only on official communications products that have been created by or for the principal benefit or use of the federal government.
The logo should never be used to promote or suggest endorsement of non-NIDCR products, events, or services nor by outside parties to misrepresent the purpose, character, policies, or mission of the NIDCR.
The NIDCR logo consists of a graphic mark that includes the initialization "NIH" and the name of the Institute (spelled out or abbreviated). The arrow-shape followed by the narrower arrow of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) mark "points" to the right, implying forward movement and advancement. It also leads the viewers' eyes to the words "National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research."
For information about using the NIDCR logo, please email the NIDCR Office of Communications and Health Education or call 1-866-232-4528 between 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, Monday through Friday.
Privacy Policy Statement
For information about NIDCR's privacy policy, see our Privacy Policy.
Kids' Privacy
For information about Children’s privacy on the NIDCR website, see our Privacy Policy.
No FEAR Act
The Notification and Federal Employee Anti-Discrimination and Retaliation (No FEAR) Act (Public Law No. 107-174) became effective on October 1, 2003. Its intent is to increase federal agency accountability for acts of discrimination or reprisal against employees. This act requires that federal agencies post on their public websites certain summary statistical data relating to equal employment opportunity complaints filed against the respective agencies.
In accordance with this act, statistical information relating to NIH equal employment opportunity complaints is available on the NIH Office of Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion website.
Intrusion Detection
This is a U.S. Government computer system. Under Title 18 of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, it is illegal to use this resource for any other purpose than its intended use as a World Wide Web server for the dissemination of public information from NIDCR. By accessing this computer system, you are consenting to system monitoring by law enforcement and other purposes. Unauthorized use of, or access to, this computer system may subject you to criminal prosecution and penalties.
For site security and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we employ software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.
Last Reviewed
December 2020