https://www.asch.net/privacy.aspx
Login
Home
Membership
Online Membership Renewal
Certification
Public
Hypnosis and You - An Introduction
General Info on Hypnosis
Definition of Hypnosis
Myths About Hypnosis
When Will Hypnosis be Beneficial
Selecting a Qualified Professional
Regionally Accredited Institutions
FAQ's About Hypnosis
Uses of Hypnosis in Medicine
Hypnosis In Psychotherapy And Behavioral Medicine
Uses Of Hypnosis In Dentistry
Members of the Media
Certification Information
What is Certification?
What Certification Indicates
How ASCH Certification Differs From Others
Levels of Certification
Requirements - Certification in Clinical Hypnosis
Requirements - Approved Consultant
Application, Renewal, Consultant Forms
Find A Certified Professional
ASCH Books
ASCH Bibliography
Public Library
American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis
Find-a-Member
Useful Links
Find Certified Professionals
Media/Press
Media Guide on Hypnosis
Media Guide on ASCH
Hypnosis in the News
Hypnosis is Safe and Effective
Members in the News
Dental Hypnosis
Vocal Cord Dysfunction
American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis
Useful Links
Professionals
COVID
American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis
AJCH - Submission, Review and Revision
ASCH Books
Component Sections
Component Section Meetings
Component Section Directory
Hypnosis Listserv
Introduction
Using Your Hypnosis Home Page
Troubleshooting
Posting Messages & Web Etiquette
Classifieds
New Subscriptions & Address Changes
Unsubscribing from the List
Searching The Archives
Guidelines for Electronic Recordings of Hypnosis
Ethics of Telemedicine and Education
Useful Links
Hypnotic Analgesia Video
Filtering ASCH Messages
ASCH Herald
Clinical Hypnosis Day
ASCHAPP
Education
Education Schedule
Regional Workshops
Workshops Schedule
Eligibility
Virginia Hypnosis Society Fund
Accreditation/Continuing Education Credits
Regional Workshop Registration
Individualized Consultation
e-Learning Center Intro
Purchase Conference Recordings
Requirements for Approval of External Programs
ASCH-ERF Scholarship Donation
ASCH-ERF Scholarships
Members Only
Contact Us
You are here:
Home
Privacy Statement
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. American Society of Clinical Hypnosis also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by American Society of Clinical Hypnosis. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by American Society of Clinical Hypnosis for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through American Society of Clinical Hypnosis public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
does not read any of your private online communications.
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from American Society of Clinical Hypnosis so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. American Society of Clinical Hypnosis is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
and American Society of Clinical Hypnosis family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis collects and uses your personal information to operate the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. American Society of Clinical Hypnosis also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from American Society of Clinical Hypnosis and its affiliates. American Society of Clinical Hypnosis may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to American Society of Clinical Hypnosis, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis, in order to determine what American Society of Clinical Hypnosis services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within American Society of Clinical Hypnosis to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on American Society of Clinical Hypnosis or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of American Society of Clinical Hypnosis; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of American Society of Clinical Hypnosis, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The American Society of Clinical Hypnosis Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize American Society of Clinical Hypnosis pages, or
register with American Society of Clinical Hypnosis site or services, a cookie helps American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same American Society of Clinical Hypnosis Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the American Society of Clinical Hypnosis services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. American Society of Clinical Hypnosis secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. American Society of Clinical Hypnosis encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how American Society of Clinical Hypnosis is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
American Society of Clinical Hypnosis welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that American Society of Clinical Hypnosis has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact American Society of Clinical Hypnosis at support@asch.net.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Home | Membership | Certification | Members Only | Contact Us
Copyright 2020 by American Society of Clinical Hypnosis
|Privacy Statement|Terms Of Use