https://www.soft.org.uk/terms
SUPPORT FOR FAMILIES
DONATE
Contact Us Today
MENU
About Trisomy
What Is Trisomy?
What is Trisomy 13?
What is Trisomy 18?
Latest Research
Trisomy Research
SOFT UK Research
TRIS Project
SOFT UK Publications
SOFT UK Leaflets
SOFT UK Booklets
SOFT UK Newsletters
What we do
Who we are
SOFT UK Advisers
SOFT UK Volunteers
SOFT UK Support
SOFT UK News
Contact SOFT UK
JOIN SOFT UK
Help SOFT UK
FAQ Page
Getting Support
In Pregnancy
Caring for a Child
When Your Baby is Born
Antenatal Planning
Neonatal Care
Rare Conditions in Hospital
Medical Intervention for your Baby
What Happens Next
Feeding Your Baby
Growth Charts
Common Health Issues
Caring at Home
Children's Hospices
Communication
Further Information
After a Loss
Creating Memories when a Pregnancy Ends
Coping with Loss
Miscarriage and Stillbirth
Loss After Ending a Pregnancy
Stages of Grief
Supporting Children Through Loss
Supporting Bereaved Parents
Remembrance
SOFT UK Families
Living With Cali
Families Link List
Family Stories
Support for Dads
Healthcare Professionals
Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsWelcome to the SOFT UK website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern SOFT UK's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “SOFT UK” or “us” or “we” refers to Support Organisation for Trisomy 13/18.
The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
www.soft.org.uk is a site operated by us. We are registered in England and Wales under registered charity number 1002918 and have our registered office at SOFT UK, 48 FROGGATTS RIDE, SUTTON COLDFIELD, B76 2TQ. We are regulated by the Charity Commission.
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users who have registered with us.
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation, in any way that is fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect, for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way, to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam) or to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You agree not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of our site, any equipment or network on which our site is stored, any software used in the provision of our site, or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to us, are acknowledged on the website.
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Any material you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential as between members and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our site.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please contact us.
Annual Reports
Comments and Complaints
Contact Us
Donate
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
No part of this website can be reproduced or transmitted in any form without the written permission of the copyright holder SOFT UK. Whilst every attempt has been made to ensure the complete accuracy of the information on this website, neither SOFT UK, the trustees, nor the website hosts can accept liability for any error or misinterpretation resulting from its use.
Registered Charity: 1002918 (England and Wales) SC043341 (Scotland). Copyright © 2005 – 2017 SOFT UK. All rights reserved.