https://www.skinsight.com/terms-of-use
SKIN CONDITIONS
HEALTH TOPICS
FOR PROFESSIONALS
Please see the Disclaimer, which
is part of the Terms of Use of the Skinsight Web site.
Use of Content
VisualDx (“VDX”) hereby grants
you, subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use, the right to
view and use the Skinsight Web site. You may download and view the Skinsight
Web site for your personal and noncommercial use only (the "Permitted Uses")
provided the Web site is not modified in any way and all copyright and other
proprietary notices are kept intact. You agree to use the Web site lawfully and
only for the Permitted Uses. No other use of the Web site is permitted.
Permission to reprint or electronically reproduce any document or graphic in
whole or in part for any other purpose is expressly prohibited unless prior
written consent is obtained from VDX. Furthermore, you may not sell, resell,
modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, frame or create derivative
works of, or otherwise exploit for any commercial purpose the Skinsight Web
site or any portion thereof.
Copyright and Trademarks
The Skinsight Web site is
protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the
Web site and its content remains with VDX or its licensors. Any use of the Web
site not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms
of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. All rights not
expressly granted herein are reserved to VDX and its licensors. If you violate
any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use the Skinsight Web site
automatically terminates, and you must immediately destroy any copies you have
made of any portion of the Web site. “VisualDx” and “Skinsight” are registered
trademarks of VDX. Copyright and trademark rights in non-Skinsight
advertisements lie with their respective owners.
General Conditions
1. Your use of the Web site is at
your sole risk. The Web site is provided on an "as is" and "as
available" basis.
2. Technical support is not
guaranteed. We will attempt to respond to e-mails, but we cannot guarantee the
time period or a response at all.
3. You must not modify, adapt, or
hack the Web site or modify another Web site so as to falsely imply that it is associated
with the Skinsight Web site, VDX, or any other VDX service.
4. You agree to not reproduce,
duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit any portion of the Skinsight Web
site, use of the Skinsight Web site, or access to the Skinsight Web site without
the express written permission of VDX.
5. VDX does not warrant that (i)
the Skinsight Web site will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the Skinsight
Web site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the
results that may be obtained from the use of the Skinsight Web site will be
accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information,
or other material purchased or obtained by you through the Skinsight Web site
will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Skinsight Web site will
be corrected.
6. The failure of VDX to exercise
or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a
waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Use constitute the entire
agreement between you and VDX and govern your use of the Skinsight Web site,
superseding any prior agreements between you and VDX (including, but not
limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use).
7. Questions about the Terms of Use should be sent to VDX here.
External Links
Certain links on this Web site
may take you outside the Skinsight Web site.
VisualDx does not monitor or
endorse any of the information found at these external sites but identifies
them only as sources of additional information. Your use of third-party Web
sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms of use of such Web sites.
Links to Skinsight.com
We welcome Web sites that wish to link to information and materials
provided on Skinsight.com. As part of the Terms of Use, we ask that you use the
linking guidelines outlined on the About
Us page when
creating a link to the Web site or to specific content found on Skinsight.com
Widget and Other Services Use
Widget Subscription Terms
1. VDX allows you to subscribe to
widgets and place them on your blogs and other Web pages you own.
2. You may not alter the widget
in any way - including but not limited to the health content included within
the widget, the functionality of the widget, the service used to display the
widget.
3. You may only place a widget
that you subscribe to onto Web sites that you own. For example, you cannot post
a widget to an online forum.
4. You may not give the widget to
other people to place on their sites.
5. If VDX determines that a
widget you subscribe to is being used on any Web site not owned by you, VDX
reserves the right to disable both the widget subscription and your account
EVEN IF YOU DID NOT CAUSE OR AUTHORIZE THE OTHER USAGE (eg, the owner of the
other site has taken the widget code without your consent).
6. VDX cannot and will not be
liable for any loss or damage from use of the subscribed widget, whether it be
on a Web site you own or someone else's site.
7. VDX, in its sole discretion,
has the right to refuse any and all current or future use of any VDX service,
for any reason at any time.
Modifications to the Web Site and Prices
1. VDX reserves the right at any
time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Skinsight Web site (or any part thereof) for any reason, with
or without notice.
2. VDX shall not be liable to you
or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or
discontinuance of the Skinsight Web site.
Account Creation, Registration, and Use
VDX's Right to Terminate or
Modify Services
VDX may modify the terms of this
Agreement or the Services, including but not limited to the price, content or
nature of the Services, upon notice to you. In the event VDX modifies the
Agreement or the Services, you may terminate the Services. VDX may terminate
this Agreement and any Services at any time upon notice to you, provided that
you will be entitled to receive the Services for any period for which you have
already paid, or a pro-rata refund at VDX's sole discretion. VDX may provide
notice by e-mail or by publishing the changes on its Web site. This Agreement
will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term. No notice
shall be required from VDX to effect such termination. Upon any termination of
this Agreement (whether by you or VDX), you shall immediately discontinue use
of the Services. Your obligation to pay accrued charges and fees shall survive
any termination of this Agreement.
User Submissions
Please see the Commenting
Policy for guidance on appropriate practices.
The personal information you
submit to VDX is governed by the VDX Privacy Policy.
You agree that you will not
upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Public
Areas (including blogs, message boards, Ask Our Expert postings, etc.) that
infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or
content to the Public Areas, you agree that such submission is nonconfidential
for all purposes.
Public Areas
If you use a Public Area, such as
message boards, blogs, or community Question & Answer postings or other
member communities, you are solely responsible for your own communications, the
consequences of posting those communications, and your reliance on any
communications found in the Public Areas. VDX and its licensors are not
responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas. In
cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you
should immediately contact your local law enforcement agency. If you think you
may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
VDX is not responsible, nor will
be held liable, for anything anyone says in response to content posts, in the
comments, or in forums, nor the laws which they may break in foreign countries
through his/her comments’ content, implication, and intent.
VDX reserves the right (but is
not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
1. Record the dialogue in public
chat rooms.
2. Investigate an allegation that
a communication(s) do(es) not conform to the terms of this section and
determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the
communication(s).
3. Remove communications that are
abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform to these
Terms of Use.
4. Terminate a user's access to
any or all Public Areas and/or the Web site upon any breach of these Terms of
Use.
5. Monitor, edit, or disclose any
communication in the Public Areas.
6. Edit or delete any
communication(s) posted on the Web site, regardless of whether such
communication(s) violate these standards.
7. VDX or its licensors have no
liability or responsibility to users of the Web site or any other person or
entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
Limitation of Liability/Indemnification
In no event shall VDX, its
licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Skinsight Web
site be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and
consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages
resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or
inability to use the Skinsight Web site, whether based on warranty, contract,
tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not VDX, its licensors, its
suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Skinsight Web site are advised
of the possibility of such damages. VDX, its licensors, its suppliers, or any
third parties mentioned on the Skinsight Web site are not liable for any
personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Skinsight
Web site. Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Skinsight Web
site must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise
to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms of Use are exclusive and
are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms of Use.
By using the Skinsight Web site
or any Skinsight services, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless VDX
and its directors, officers, employees, agents, parent, subsidiaries,
successors, and assigns from and against any and all liabilities, claims,
suits, actions, demands, settlements, losses, judgments, costs, damages and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or resulting
from, in whole or part your use of the Web site or violation of these Terms of
Use.
Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York,
without regarding provisions relating to conflicts of law. You agree that any
legal action or proceeding between VDX and you for any purpose concerning these
Terms of Use or the parties' obligations hereunder shall be brought exclusively
in a court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Monroe County, New York, United
States, and by accessing the Skinsight Web site, you consent to the personal
jurisdiction of any state or federal court located in the State of New York.
Privacy
Please see VDX’s privacy policy on the About Us page.
Last updated on 10/04/2016
Related Content
About Us
About Our Authors
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Partner With Us
About Us
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Health Topics Archive
Skin Condition Searches
© 2006 - 2020 VisualDx. All rights reserved.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of Skinsight's terms of service and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider.