http://www.bcla.org.uk/Public/Public/ContentAreas/Terms_and_conditions.aspx
Skip to main content
Loading
Membership Terms & Conditions
We respect each individual’s right to personal privacy ("you"/"your"). We will collect and use information through our website only in the ways covered in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected through your membership application and any membership activities you engage with.
The term "the British Contact Lens Association" or "BCLA" or "us" or "we" or "our" refers to the owner of the British Contact Lens Association whose registered office is 11 - 15 William Road, London NW1 3ER.
The term "you" or "your" refers to the member or member of the public.
1. Application for Membership
Membership of the BCLA will provide you with membership at Student, Pre-reg Student, Overseas Student, Affiliate Online, Newly Qualified, Retired, Full Member, Family, Honorary Life.
Honorary Life membership will be granted to individuals at the discretion of the BCLA only.
Newly Qualified membership: this category of membership is open to any person who qualified as an Optometrist or Contact Lens Optician within two years from the date of application, is a resident of the United Kingdom, is registered with the General Optical Council and on the GOC register. Membership to this category is only valid for a maximum of two consecutive years. After this period the member must upgrade to Affiliate Online or Full BCLA membership.
Retired membership is open to any person who is over the age of 60, no longer in full time employment, has been a voting member of the association and paid a full membership subscription of the Association for a minimum of five previous consecutive years.
Student / Pre-reg Student / Overseas Student membership are open to all students. When applying for any type of student membership applicants must provide proof of student status in the form of a student ID card or a letter from a supervisor. This must be uploaded when completing the online membership form. Once student proof is received and verified by a member of staff your membership will be authorised and full membership benefits and online access will be granted.
A Fellow of the Association may add the letters FBCLA after his or her name and use the Fellowship as an indicator of esteem. Application for fellowship must be made to the BCLA. You must be a full BCLA member in order to apply for the BCLA Fellowship scheme. Full details on the fellowship scheme can be obtained here.
Applications for membership can be made in the following way:
Online
Phone by calling +44(0)207 580 6661 Mon - Fri 9.00am - 5.00pm GMT.
2. Membership Benefits
As a member of the British Contact Lens Association you will receive a wide range of benefits. Membership benefits can vary dependent on the membership package.
Full information can be found under the membership pages on the website. BCLA reserve the right to remove/add or update the membership benefits without giving prior notice.
3. The Membership Contract
When you submit your application online, post or telephone, you are making an offer to subscribe to membership of the British Contact Lens Association which, if accepted by us, will result in a legally binding contract.
At the point of renewal of your membership, your renewal payment is confirmation of the continued acceptance of this contract. You may not transfer any of your rights and obligations under these terms and conditions to another person.
4. Upgrading your membership
Please contact the BCLA office, Email membership@bcla.org.uk or call the office on 020 7580 6661. The cost of upgrading will be given at the time of request.
5. Changes to the membership scheme
BCLA reserve the right to change the conditions of the membership scheme at any time without giving prior notice and at our own discretion.
6. Refunds
All membership subscriptions are non refundable once paid for.
7. Direct Debit cancellations
Direct debit cancellations must be received in writing or by email at least 5 working days in advance of your membership being due. You must also cancel your direct debit by contacting your bank / building society. If a request to cancel is made to the BCLA after 5 working days, the membership fee is non-refundable.
Quarterly Direct Debit and Family direct debit and Family memberships are discontinued an no longer available to purchase. If you are currently subscribed to one of these payment options and wish to cancel or fail to renew within the renewal period, and wish to re-join the BCLA - you will need to choose a membership from the current available options. Full membership options available here.
8. Complaints/Suggestion
All complaints or suggestions must be made to membership@bcla.org.uk, alternatively you may write to BCLA c/o ABDO College, Godmersham Park, Godmersham, Canterbury, CT4 7DT. Each complaint will be looked at individually and there is no guarantee of a resolution.
9. Disclosure of your information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission to do so or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you please email membership@bcla.org.uk or write to: BCLA c/o ABDO College, Godmersham Park, Godmersham, Canterbury, CT4 7DT. A £10 administration fee applies.
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at the above address or email us at membership@bcla.org.uk as soon as possible. We will promptly amend any information found to be incorrect and advise you of when this has been completed.
10. Changes to our Membership Terms & Conditions
We may review our membership terms and conditions at any time by updating this page. You are expected to check back from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you.
11. Please also refer to disclaimer and privacy policy and website terms and conditions on the BCLA website.
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##