http://www.ifdh.org/privacy-policy.html
Flags link to country page or website.
About the IFDH
Membership
Community Health
Education
Education Academy
Every Child/Toothbrush
Int'l Symposium (ISDH)
Policies
Publications
Research Exchange
Research Grant Program
Resources/Surveys
Social Responsibility
Summit & Forum
Working Abroad
World DH Awards
HoD Login
Privacy Policy
The IFDH is committed to protecting our website visitors’ privacy and online security. We will not share your personal information with third parties without your permission.
By joining IFDH, or by using our website, you are consenting to our privacy policy.
Membership: We will not collect personally identifying information from you such as name, email, mailing address, and phone number, unless you have chosen to provide it to us voluntarily when becoming an individual member, House of Delegate, President, or Executive Director of your association. The information we keep is stored on our own computer systems, not on a website. We, from time to time, use your email to alert you to IFDH news, dues updates, and other relevant information on services from IFDH, sent via email, or via third party distribution software.
ISDH: The IFDH International Symposium on Dental Hygiene (ISDH) is held every two years (starting after 2022) under the auspices of the IFDH, and coordinated by the host member organization. As an IFDH member, delegate, president, executive director, or oral health company representative, IFDH and the host organization, separately, may alert you to ISDH news and updates. ISDH will also have its own website, therefore you should check its privacy policy.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect some data to improve our site. Such data may include your IP address, domain, operating system, device, and service provider. Depending on your browser settings, Google Analytics may also be used to collect your age, gender and search-engine generated affinity categories.
This type of information is not provided to us about individuals, but only about our web visitors generally, for example what percentage of visitors to our website are male or female and in different age groups.
Use of Cookies: A "cookie" is a small text file or text identifier placed on your computer to assist us in providing customized services. We use cookies to provide you with a better experience and to become more familiar with our customers through the study of analytics. Some portions of our sites require the use of cookies for proper function.
Secure Section: There is a secure section in our website only for our delegates with whom we provide a password in order to gain access to high value documents, or to be able to download various items. Any information we provide will remain the secured property of IFDH.
Links: IFDH may, periodically, provide links on our site that direct to external, third party websites. We have no control over the content other sites, nor the usage of information they gather. We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit as they may not follow the same policies as us.
2020 IFDH Sponsors
Platnium Sponsor
Gold Sponsor
Silver Sponsor
Bronze Sponsor
100 South Washington Street, Rockville MD 20850, USA  |  Tel: +1 (240) 778-6790
© Copyright
IFDH, All Rights Reserved  |  Home  |
About IFDH  |
Join  |
Members  |
ISDH Symposium  |  Privacy Policy  |  Site Map  |  Contact Us