http://www.gwdocs.com/about-the-gw-medical-faculty-associates/terms-of-use/
Open Accessibility Menu
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Increase Text Size
Clear All
About The GW Medical Faculty AssociatesTerms of Use
Locations
Our History
Community Practices
Cameron Medical Group
Immediate & Primary Care
National Breast Center
OB/GYN Associates of Northern Virginia
OB/GYN Mark Seigel, MD
Physicians for OB/GYN Care
Physicians for Women
Spring Valley OB/GYN
Urologic Surgeons of Washington
Terms of Use
Podcasts
Privacy Policy
All of the web pages related to the domain https://www.gwdocs.com/ ("MFA
Site"), mfa-tv.com, mfa-tv.org, mfa-tv.net, mfatv.org, gwdocsblog.com
constitute an online information and communications service and internet
site including images, text, audio and video materials and other data
(the "Service") provided by The George Washington University
Medical Faculty Associates ("MFA") and third parties. Throughout
this Agreement, The George Washington University Medical Faculty Associates
is referred to as "MFA," "we," or "us."
1. Your Agreement
Use of the Service is governed by the terms of this Agreement ("Terms
of Use"). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or
using the Service. By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be
bound by the terms of this Agreement. In addition, for certain activities
on the MFA Site, we may further confirm your consent to additional terms
by asking you to click an "I accept" button, referring to the
respective terms.
MFA is located in the United States of America. MFA makes no claims that
the Service is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United
States. Access to the MFA Site and the Service may not be legal for access
and/or use by certain persons or jurisdictions. If you access the MFA
Site and the Service from outside the United States, you do so at your
own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE MFA SITE.
2. Access By Minors
If you are under the age of eighteen, you may use the MFA Site only with
the consent and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who
agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you are a parent
or legal guardian agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of a child under
the age of eighteen, you agree that you are fully responsible for access
and use of the MFA Site by that child, including any financial charges
that the child may incur through use of the MFA Site.
If you are under the age of thirteen, please do not submit any personally
identifiable information via the MFA Site.
3. Usernames and Passwords
We may make certain areas of the MFA Site accessible only to users that
have a user ID and password. If we do so, and if you obtain a user ID
and password, please keep in mind that we will treat anyone who uses your
user ID and password as "you." We will provide this user with
all of the rights and privileges that we provide to you, and we will hold
you responsible for the activities of a person using your user ID and
password. We therefore recommend that you maintain your user ID and password
in confidence, and that you refrain from disclosing this information to
anyone who might "pretend" to be you with respect to your use
of our Website. We also recommend that you notify us immediately if you
suspect that someone is using your user ID and password in this manner.
You agree to update your information as necessary to ensure that any information
that you provide to MFA or a third-party service provider is accurate
and complete.
4. Purpose
MFA offers the Service and the MFA Site for general informational and educational
purposes only. You acknowledge and agree that the MFA Site and the Service
are made available solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and that
this Agreement allows only personal, non-commercial use. Any other use
is prohibited.
The Service is neither intended as medical advice nor should it be used
for diagnosis or treatment of any condition. The Service is not intended
to create any physician-patient relationship, nor should it be considered
a replacement for consultation with a healthcare professional. Should
you have any health problems or health related questions, please call
or see your physician or other healthcare provider promptly. IF YOU HAVE
AN EMERGENCY MEDICAL CONDITION, CALL 911.
YOU SHOULD NEVER DISREGARD MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY SEEKING MEDICAL ADVICE
BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON ANY OF THE WEBSITES RELATED TO WWW.GWDOCS.COM,
OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE. THE SERVICE AND ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH
THE SERVICE ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE THE PRACTICE OF, OR FURNISHING
OF MEDICAL, NURSING, OR PROFESSIONAL HEALTHCARE ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, CONSULTATION
OR TREATMENT OR OTHER HEALTH RELATED SERVICES.
MFA does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physicians, products,
procedures, opinions, or other information that may be displayed or mentioned
on the MFA Site, including any information provided by third-party providers,
including information which may be linked to or framed from an external
website. You assume full responsibility for any reliance on any such information,
and rely on such information solely at your own risk.
5. Intellectual Property Rights
Content available on the MFA Site is protected by applicable copyright,
trademark and other national and international laws for the protection
of intellectual property. "Content" as used in this section
means all text, images, files, software, videos, designs, layouts, color
schemes, concepts, methods, techniques, process and data used in connection
with, displayed on, or incorporated into the MFA Site.
In particular, MFA and its affiliates are owners of the marks "MFA,"
"The George Washington University Medical Faculty Associates,"
and the MFA circle logo, ("MFA marks").
Copying, distribution, performance, commercial exploitation, modification,
adding and/or deletion of the Content or parts of it is unlawful, including
the integration of Content or parts of it on external websites, for example
through interlinks, deep links, or frames.
You may download and reprint a single copy of the Content for your own
personal, noncommercial use only, provided you include all applicable
notices and disclaimers. Any other use of the Content is strictly prohibited
without our prior written authorization of the relevant rights holder(s).
6. Claims of Copyright Infringement
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides
recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the
internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law.
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by MFA infringe your
copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a notice requesting that the
material be removed, or access to it blocked. The notice must include
the following information:
(a) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(b) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed
(or if multiple copyrighted works located on the Site are covered by a
single notification, a representative list of such works);
(c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or
the subject of infringing activity, and information reasonably sufficient
to allow MFA to locate the material on the Site; (d) the name, address,
telephone number and email address (if available) of the complaining party;
(e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that
use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
(f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and,
under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has
been wrongly filed with MFA against you, the DMCA permits you to send
MFA a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current
statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA; see http://www.copyright.gov
for details. Notices and counter-notices with respect to the MFA Site
should be sent to:
The George Washington University, Medical Faculty Associates, 2150 Pennsylvania
Avenue, NW, Suite 10-412, Washington, DC 20037, mfacopyright@mfa.gwu.edu
User Conduct
You agree that you will not upload, transmit, or post to the MFA Site,
and/or use in connection with the MFA Site, any information, materials
or data ("Information") that:
* is unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, slanderous, libelous,
defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable (as determined in MFA's
sole discretion), or actionable;
* violates any intellectual property, privacy, contractual or other right
of any person, or divulges any confidential or non-public information
about any other person or circumstances
* is a robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual
or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine,"
or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation
of the MFA Site;
* impairs the MFA Site's functionality; or
* contains any virus, worm, Trojan horse, defect, date bomb, cancelbot,
time bomb or other rogue programming or item of a destructive or otherwise
harmful nature, or that is intended to intercept or expropriate any data
or personal informationYou further agree NOT to
* restrict or inhibit any other visitor from accessing and/or using the
MFA Site, including, without limitation, by means of "hacking"
the MFA Site;
* express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by MFA, without
our prior written authorization;
* engage in flooding or spamming;
* modify, adapt, delete, add, create a derivative work, license, translate,
sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any part of the MFA Site,
except to the extent allowed by the law;
* remove any trademark, copyright, or other proprietary rights notices
on the MFA Site;
* display a name, trademark, logo, or other indicator of ownership displayed
on the MFA Site, to the public in a manner reasonably likely to give the
viewer the impression there may be a connection between MFA and you, or
that disparages MFA or its goods and/or services;
* "frame" or "mirror" any part of the MFA Site without
MFA's prior written authorization;
* harvest, collect or compile information about MFA Site visitors without
their express prior authorization;
* attempt to defeat any security or encryption technology included in the
MFA Site; or
* use the MFA Site or the Service for any unlawful purpose.
7. Modifications to the MFA Site
Please note that information related to the medical field often changes
and is subject to various interpretations; moreover, the facts and circumstances
of every situation are different.
Even though MFA tries to exercise care in selecting, compiling, arranging
and displaying the information on the MFA Site, MFA has no obligation
to update such information, or to provide information at all. The information
may contain errors, omissions, inaccuracies, or outdated material, and
MFA makes no representations or warranties to that effect.
We reserve the right, at any time, to change the MFA Site and/ or the Service,
including deleting, adding, modifying and/or discontinuing the Service
or any feature on the MFA Site.
8. Termination
We reserve the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, and/or your
access to and/or use of the MFA Site, the Service, or any portion thereof,
at any time and for any reason, with or without cause. Upon termination
of this Agreement, you agree to immediately cease use of the MFA Site
and the Service, and you agree to destroy all information and all downloads
and copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or
otherwise. Termination will not terminate liability for any payments due
to MFA or any third-party service provider.
9. Monitoring of Website Use
You agree that we have the right and discretion to monitor any activity
and content associated with the MFA Site and the Service. We may investigate
any reported violation of these Terms of Use or complaints relating to
the MFA Site and the Service, and take any action that we believe is appropriate
including, but not limited to, removing materials from the MFA Site and
terminating/suspending your access to the MFA Site.
10. Third-Party Links & References
The MFA Site contains linked and framed websites external to www.gwdocs.com.
This Agreement governs the MFA Site only. The provided links and frames
are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links and
frames, you will leave the MFA Site. Your use of websites other than the
MFA Site is subject to the terms of use established by such websites,
and MFA disclaims all liability associated therewith. We encourage you
to review any third-party website's terms of use and privacy policy. The
links and frames provided on the MFA Site do not constitute an endorsement,
sponsorship, or recommendation by MFA of the third party, the third-party
website, or goods and services offered thereon.
Links to the MFA Site may also be found on independent third-party websites.
MFA has not reviewed all of these websites, and MFA has no control over
such websites, any information or other content provided, and products
and services offered through such websites.
11. Disclaimer
The MFA Site, the Service, and all other products and services obtained
through the MFA Site are provided "as is," and "as available,"
and without any warranties, either express or implied. To the fullest
extent permissible under applicable law, MFA and its affiliates, licensors,
advertisers, sponsors and agents (comprehensively "MFA Affiliates")
disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation,
warranties of non-infringement, satisfactory quality, reliability, accuracy,
merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties
that may arise from any course of dealing, or usage of trade. Applicable
law may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so the above exclusions
or portions thereof may not apply to you.
Further, MFA Affiliates neither represent nor warrant that
* your access and/or use of the MFA Site or the Service will be uninterrupted,
free of errors, or secure;
* the MFA Site, the servers on which the MFA Site is hosted, the Service,
or the information and/or data associated with the MFA Site are free of
viruses or other harmful elements;
* use of the site will not adversely affect a system from which the MFA
Site is accessed.
* your software is sufficient to properly access and/or use the MFA Site
12. Limitation of Liability
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL MFA OR ANY OF MFA'S AFFILIATES,
LICENSORS, ADVERTISERS OR SPONSORS, NOR OUR OR THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS BE LIABLE TO
YOU OR ANY OTHER USER OF THE SERVICE, THE MFA SITE, OR PRODUCTS AND/OR
SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE MFA SITE, FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR ANY OTHER MONETARY OR
OTHER DAMAGES, FEES, FINES, PENALTIES, LOSS OF REVENUE, BUSINESS OR PROFITS
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICE, THE MFA SITE, OR WEBSITES ACCESSED
THROUGH THE SERVICE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION
WITH THE SERVICE IS TO CEASE USING THE SERVICE.
IF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ARE HELD INAPPLICABLE OR UNENFORCEABLE, THEN
THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF MFA TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES,
LOSSES, CLAIMS AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY
WAY TO THE SERVICE, THE MFA SITE, OR PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES OBTAINED
THROUGH THE MFA SITE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU
FOR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE RELEVANT SITE.
13. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold MFA, our affiliates, licensors,
advertisers and sponsors, and our and their directors, officers, employees,
agents, other representatives, successors and assigns, harmless from and
against any and all claims, causes of action, allegations (threatened
or pending), damages, losses, costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
and other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (a)
your breach of this Agreement; and/or (b) your activities in connection
with the MFA Site. Should we deem, in our sole discretion, your cooperation
to be useful with respect to any claim brought against us by a third party,
you agree to use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense
of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the
exclusive defense and control of any claim otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
14. Jurisdiction and Jury Trial
You expressly and irrevocably agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any
dispute with MFA, or any matter relating to the MFA Site or your use of
the Service resides in the courts of the District of Columbia. You further
agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in
the courts of the District of Columbia in connection with any such dispute
including any claim involving MFA, or MFA’s parent corporation,
affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors,
telecommunication providers, and content providers. You further agree
that the law of the District of Columbia governs this Agreement and any
matter arising in connection with this Agreement, without respect to its
conflict of laws or choice of laws principles. Both parties hereby expressly
waive any right to a jury trial in any such proceeding.
15. Modifications to this Agreement
We reserve the right, at any time, to change the terms of this Agreement.
Any changes we make are effective immediately once such changes are available
on the MFA Site, or MFA has provided notice thereof. We may provide notice
of such changes by posting an updated Agreement setting forth the date
of the update.
You agree that by entering, re-entering or continuing to use the MFA Site
thereafter constitutes your acceptance of these changes. We advise you
to read the information provided on this particular web page frequently
to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Agreement.
16. Binding Effect
This Agreement is binding on you, MFA, and the respective successors and
permitted assigns.
17. Assignment
You may not assign or transfer, in whole or in part, this Agreement or
any of its rights or obligations arising hereunder without the prior written
consent of MFA. Any purported assignment without such consent shall be void.
18. Enforcement/Waiver
The failure of MFA to enforce at any time the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, or the failure of MFA at any time to require your performance
of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will not be construed
to be a present or future waiver of this Agreement, nor in any way affect
MFA's ability to enforce this Agreement. No waiver by either party of
any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any
preceding or subsequent breach or default.
19. Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court
having jurisdiction, then the invalidity of such provision shall not affect
the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which
shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms
of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of any such term
or other term.
20. Complete Agreement
Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on
the Service, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and
MFA with respect to use of the Service and the MFA Site and supersedes
any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral Agreements between
MFA and you with respect to such subject matter.
21. Captions
The captions contained in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter
of convenience or reference and in no way define, limit, extend or describe
the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any of its provisions.
22. Privacy Policy
Data protection is an important subject to Medical Faculty Associates.
Any personal data, which you provide by accessing or using the MFA Site,
is used in accordance with applicable data protection regulations and
our Privacy Policy.
23. Contact MFA regarding the MFA Site
The MFA Site is provided by MFA. Should you have any questions, comments,
concerns or complaints regarding the MFA Terms of Use, the MFA Site, or
the Service, please contact us at: mfawebmaster@mfa.gwu.edu The George
Washington University, Medical Faculty Associates, 2150 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW, Suite 10-412, Washington, DC 20037