http://www.acceleratedcure.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Donor Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our email announcements or make a donation through the FirstGiving organization. As appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information. You may, however, also visit our site anonymously.
Use of Information
We use your information only in the way you intended us to use it. Examples include:
To process transactions: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Protection of Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database—only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Disclosure of Information to Outside Parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Financial Support
The Accelerated Cure Project's mission is to accelerate the cure of MS by facilitating research that determines the causes and mechanisms of MS. Financial support is both necessary and welcome, and will be used exclusively to further our efforts.
Accelerated Cure Project is glad to accept support from organizations who serve individuals with Multiple Sclerosis, although to protect our impartiality, we will not serve as a venue for these organizations to promote their products or services, we will not actively endorse their products, nor will we give exclusive rights of support to them. We will publicly thank or advertise all contributors (corporate or individual) who allow us to do so.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), and we make every effort not to collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or send an email notifying you of any changes.
Policy on U.S. Mail Solicitations
The Accelerated Cure Project appreciates how annoying it can be to receive repetitive mailings from a single organization seeking contributions. As such, you will receive a contribution request via U.S. mail from us only once every six months, or no sooner than nine months after your last contribution. We do send out email appeals more frequently and we include a contribution envelope in most of our non-appeal mailings, but we assume that these more passive requests are not as intrusive.
Policy on Indirect Cost Rate
The Accelerated Cure Project funds research relevant to determining the causes of Multiple Sclerosis. Awards are made to institutions on the behalf of individual investigators. The indirect cost rate is 10% of direct costs.
Privacy Policy Questions
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Accelerated Cure Project
460 Totten Pond Road, 4th Floor
Waltham, MA 02451/div
781-487-0008
IMPACT
See why people support ACP
SUPPORT
Make a donation