https://www.dentsplysirona.com/en/privacy.html#cookies
image-comparison
grip-lines
arrow-top-right
zip
arrow-right
video
minus
arrow-back
text
shop
twitter
file
home
quick-order
arrow-left
youtube
search
arrow-down
check
all
filter
site_references
image
Slice 1
zoom
ðŸŽ¬
icons / _ icon size / _ download-queue
Created with Sketch.
chevron-down
arrow-right
picture
pdf
podcast
exe
plus
hotline
close
xxx-1
burger
clipboard
linked-in
ppt
Artboard
ÃƒÂ°Ã…Â¸Ã…Â½Ã‚Â¬
icons / _ icon size / _ download-queue_add
Created with Sketch.
Layer 1
Created by potrace 1.15, written by Peter Selinger 2001-2017
My Account
press_releases
Created with Sketch.
PRESS
ds-instruments
ds-preventive
ds-implants
ds-endodontics
Cart
presentation
Created with Sketch.
DS-Preventive-Icon-Grey
video
Created with Sketch.
other
Created with Sketch.
advertisement
Created with Sketch.
AD
text_piece
Created with Sketch.
promotion
Created with Sketch.
Spare Parts
ds-imaging-systems
case_study
Created with Sketch.
ds-treatment-centers
broschure
Created with Sketch.
ds-prosthetics
ds-restorative
video
Created with Sketch.
flyer
Created with Sketch.
whitepaper
Created with Sketch.
article
Created with Sketch.
image
Created with Sketch.
ds-cad-cam
Artboard
Quick Order
Dentist Chair
study
Created with Sketch.
ds-orthodontics
ds-implants
ds-endodontics
ds-cerec
digital-scan
grinder
ds-diagnosis
step_1
analyse
ds-abutment-placement
more-quality
initiative
scan
more-quality
ds-polishing
digital
ds-irrigation
ds-treatment-centers
Test
treatment
ds-restorative
ds-implant-planning
realistic
construct
book
ds-planning-impression
mirror
anwender
ds-preventive
planning-2
ds-obturation
ds-cad-cam
04
ds-implant-placement
ds-retention-protection
ds-anesthetics
restauration
form
ds-inlab
oven
CORP-icon-grey-screen-tooth-cavity-pulpa
robot
plan
place
ds-orthodontics
PDF-Formular_ganzneu
PDF
overlay
ds-bone-regeneration
ds-treatment-preparation
vorher_nachher
ds-maging-systems
wifi
omnicam
PDF-Formular_neu_vonGÃ¼nther
treatment
consulting
planning
comparison
ds-set-up
ds-prosthetics
support
step_3
ds-tooth-preparation
ds-treatments
ds-scaling
step_2
ds-instruments
software
quote-english
quote-french
quote-text-german
Created with Sketch.
upload
Created with Sketch.
version
Created with Sketch.
globe
Skip to content
Dentsply Sirona's external global privacy statement
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
This global Data Protection and Privacy Statement (the “Privacy Statement”) sets out how we, DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (a Delaware, United States corporation with its headquarters at 13320-B Ballantyne Corporate Place, Charlotte, NC 28277 USA) and all of our global affiliates (“DENTSPLY SIRONA” or “we”) handle Personal Data that we process when you visit our webpages, purchase a product, enroll in one of our email services, request information, register on the website, enter one of our contests, participate in a promotion, loyalty or rewards program, use any of the other interactive portions of our websites, communicate with us through social media, by phone, through educational conferences, workshops, or other events, or in connection with an actual or potential business or employment relationship with us (together “data subjects”).
Questions about this privacy statement
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, DENTSPLY SIRONA’s privacy practices, or if you would like us to update information or preferences you provided to us, please contact us at
Email: Compliance-EUPrivacyOffice@dentsplysirona.com or Compliance-USPrivacyOffice@dentsplysirona.com  with “FAO: Data protection officer” in the subject header (the “Data Protection Contact”),
Web: www.dentsplysirona.com and use the information on the “Contact Us” page,
Telephone: (717) 845-7511.
Types of personal data we process
1. “Personal Data” is defined very broadly and includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household.  It may include information relating to our employees, customers, patients, shareholders, contractors or the staff of our suppliers, visitors to our buildings or website users.
The types of Personal Data we may hold about you include:
a) Contact information (such as name, postal or email address, and phone number);
b) Business contact information (such as job title, department and name of organization);
c) Professional information (National Provider Identifier or information such as experience with DENTSPLY SIRONA products or service);
d) Payment details (including payment card number, expiration date, and billing address);
e) Shipping information (including the shipping address, dental distributor and phone number);
f) Username and password for the account you may establish on our website;
g) Content (such as photographs and comments);
h) Information you choose to provide in connection with an employment application (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity); and
i) Information about you, your physical condition or your health which may be provided to us by you or your health providers to enable us to manufacture products for you;
j) Information generated by us in the course of managing our relationship with you, such as a history of our interactions with you, your purchases from us and information about your use of our products;
k) Information in connection with your interactions with pages you visit on our website, such as your IP address, browser type, device used to access our website, your preferences and information you clicked on our website.
i) Other information (such as demographic data, and shopping behaviour and preferences).
Purposes for which we process personal data
2. DENTSPLY SIRONA needs to process Personal Data about you for a variety of purposes.  DENTSPLY SIRONA will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law for the following purposes:
a) Manage our business relationship with you, for example: (i) process your transaction; (ii) manage and maintain your account with us; (iii) respond to your questions and comments and provide customer support; (iv) set up a Dentsply Sirona loyalty program account; (v) allocate a Territory Sales Manager or equivalent to be your dedicated account manager;
b) Marketing, advertising and public relations, for example: (i) marketing our business and products to you; (ii) provide you with information you have requested about our company, our products and our services; (iii) provide you with information about, or samples of, our product range for marketing purposes; (iv) contact you through email,  telephone or postal mail; (v) tailor your experience on our website by providing content that is relevant to your interests and geographic region;
c) Maintenance and statistics, for example: (i) help diagnose problems with our server; (ii) compile broad statistical data; (iii) update, administer and maintain our website;
d) Recruitment purposes, for example; (i) evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment with DENTSPLY SIRONA; (ii) process your application, monitor recruitment statistics and comply with government reporting requirements; e) Compliance, legal, regulatory and ethical purposes, for example (i) enforce our Terms of Use or other legal rights; (ii) comply with applicable laws, regulations and requests from governmental agencies; (iii) comply with industry standards and our policies; and
f) Research and product development, for example we may use information about your experience of using our products to help us improve our products.
Legal ground for processing the personal data
3. EU Data protection law requires us to have a legal basis before processing any Personal Data about you.  The legal basis for us processing your Personal Data for the above purposes may be because: (i) you have provided your consent; (ii) it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you; (iii) the processing is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation; or (iv) the processing is in our legitimate interests of operating and promoting our business.
4. To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your Personal Data. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to DENTSPLY SIRONA’s use or disclosure of your Personal Data will mean that you cannot take advantage of certain DENTSPLY SIRONA products or services.
Disclosure of information relating to data subjects
5. We intend to keep your Personal Data confidential, in compliance with our legal obligations. We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose Personal Data to third parties, other than as described in this Privacy Statement, for the purposes described above, or as we disclose to you at the time the information is collected. We may disclose your Personal Data in accordance with, and where permitted by, applicable law:
to our subsidiaries, branches or associated offices;
in order for us to comply with our legal obligations, e.g. where we are required to disclose certain information to tax authorities or where we are required to respond to requests by law enforcement;
to protect the security or integrity of our business, including our databases and systems as well as the safety of our employees, customers and website visitors;
to any of our outsourced vendors, suppliers or distributors to facilitate the provision of contracted services or goods or to provide expanded services to our customers and website visitors, for example; outsource the processing of certain interactive website functions, administering email services, running special promotions and managing any loyalty points program;
for the purposes of facilitating a purchasing transaction with one of our distributors or dealers;
for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganisation, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event; and
to any other third party where you have provided your consent.
Security measures used to protect the personal data
6. DENTSPLY SIRONA takes appropriate physical, technical and organisational security measures designed to safeguard and secure any Personal Data you provide to us. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data collected through our website.
International transfer of personal data
7. We may disclose or transfer your Personal Data to a third party in countries outside the country in which it was originally collected for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out in section 2 above, in particular your Personal Data may be transferred throughout the DENTSPLY SIRONA group.  In these circumstances we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your privacy rights are adequately protected by organizational, technical, contractual and/or other lawful means.  You may be entitled under applicable law to receive a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your Personal Data and privacy rights; please get in touch with the Data Protection Contact for further information on how to exercise this right.
Retention of personal data
8. Your Personal Data will be retained for the duration of our business relationship and for a period of time thereafter as required by applicable local law or where we have a legitimate and lawful purpose.
9. DENTSPLY SIRONA will retain applications of unsuccessful candidates for a reasonable period after the application process to enable us to contact you if another suitable position arises or to comply with our legal obligations.
Data subject rights
10. Data protection laws often provide individuals with numerous rights, including the right to: access, rectify, erase, restrict and object to the processing of, their Personal Data.  Individuals may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection authority if they believe that their Personal Data is not being processed in accordance with applicable data protection law. The rights provided to California residents are set out below under “California.” If you are within a jurisdiction that has provided additional rights related to use or storage of your data, and you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Dentsply Sirona Privacy Office at privacyoffice@dentsplysirona.com.  To assist us in responding to such requests in a timely fashion, please include the phrase “Privacy Rights Request” in the title of your message.
11. Data subjects may, where permitted by applicable law, request copies of their Personal Data. This is known as a subject access request or SAR.
12. If you would like to make a SAR, i.e. a request for copies of the Personal Data we hold about you, and you are in a jurisdiction where applicable law grants you such rights, you may do so by writing to the Data Protection Contact whose details are provided above. The request should make clear that a SAR is being made.  We may ask you to provide evidence of your identity if it is not clear.
13. Responding to a SAR can be a time consuming exercise. DENTSPLY SIRONA may be able to get the information that you require more quickly if you are as specific as possible in your request. E.g., “I would like a copy of my Personal data contained in my website member account file” or if you would like a copy of a particular document it would be helpful if the document is described carefully, including the title, creation date, author and likely place of storage.  This will help us to respond to your SAR as quickly as possible. You may be asked for further details to assist us if insufficient information is provided.
Public areas
14. This website may make chat rooms, careers, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users at various times. Please remember that, unless otherwise stated, any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas. Do not use these areas to post personal information about third parties or discuss information about specific, identifiable patients.
Links to other websites
15. Our website may contain links to other websites. DENTSPLY SIRONA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of unaffiliated third-party websites. To help ensure the protection of your privacy, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any website you visit via a link from our website.
Updates to our privacy statement
16. We may at any time in our sole discretion revise or update this Privacy Statement. We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated. All changes are effective immediately when they are posted and apply to all access to and use of the website thereafter. If you object to any modification, your sole recourse is to stop using the website and providing us with Personal Data.
Cookies/tracking statement
17. In order to collect certain data described in this Privacy Statement, we may use cookie technology on our website.
A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive, mobile phone or other device.  Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website and expire when you close your browser. Tracking cookies remain longer and help in understanding how you use our website, and enhance your user experience. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.  This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not.  However, some of the services and features offered through our websites may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
The following are examples of cookies that may be used on our websites:
a) Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like saving your job application, adding products to a cart or checking out, cannot be provided.
b) Performance / analytic cookies. These cookies collect data about how visitors use our websites, including the country from which the visitor is accessing the website. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it.
c) Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
d) Targeting/Advertising Cookies: These are used to deliver ads which are more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They remember that you have visited the website and this information may be shared with other organizations, e.g., advertisers. We use these cookies only if you have consented.
18. Our website also uses social and video plugins such as those provided by Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn or YouTube.
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social, video or other plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the server for that plugin, and provides them with the information that you have accessed on the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into that service as well, your visit can be connected to your account with that service. Therefore, if you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like,” or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to that party. Your interaction with those services are governed by their applicable privacy policy and other policies which can be located on their websites.
20. When you visit our websites, we may allow some third parties (such as advertising networks and data analytics companies) to collect Personal Data about your online activities over time and across different websites. For example, session recording tools, record your preferences and tracks your use of the website. To find out more about your choices with respect to these tracking technologies, see “Your Choices.”
Your Choices
21. If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails, you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the promotional emails sent to you or by contacting the Data Protection Contact whose details are provided above. If you have an account with us, you may also unsubscribe from promotional emails through your account. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails.
22. If you have an account with us, you may make changes to your Personal Data by logging into your account and making changes there.
23. If necessary to comply with applicable law, we will ask for your consent to place cookies on your device.  Once your consent has been provided, this consent message will not appear again when you revisit our website.  If you, or another user of your computer, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by altering your browser settings. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/.
24. Regular cookies generally may be disabled or removed using tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Browsers offer different functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately. Also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), HTML5 cookies or other tracking technologies. For information on disabling Flash cookies, visit this page.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some part of our websites may not work and when you revisit our websites your ability to limit browser-based tracking technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. However, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, our websites currently do not recognize when they receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
California
25. If you are a California resident, you have the privacy rights listed below. The rights granted under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and Shine the Light are not the same. To exercise your rights, you will need to follow the directions that are specific to each law.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)
Please note that the CCPA provides certain exceptions with respect to California employees, job applicants, vendors and suppliers. If you are a California employee, job applicant, vendor or supplier, you may not have any or all of the privacy rights listed below in connection with personal information we have about you in the context of that relationship.
California law requires that we make certain disclosures about our general collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data over the past 12 months. Accordingly, in the past 12 months:
we collected the categories of Personal Data from the sources and for purposes detailed in “Types of personal data we process” and “Purposes for which we process personal data.”
we did not sell any Personal Data, and we do not currently plan to sell any Personal Data in the future.
we disclosed to the entities described in “Disclosure of information about data subjects,” the following categories of Personal Data: identifiers (e.g., name, postal address, email address), customer records information, commercial information, biometric information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio-visual information, professional or employment-related information, education information, and certain inferences (e.g., behaviors and preferences).
You have the right to request to know more specific disclosures about your Personal Data as detailed under “Request to Know.”
California Privacy Rights
Request to Know. You have the right to request to know: (i) the specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of Personal Data we have collected about you in the last 12 months; (iii) the categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected; (iv) the categories of your Personal Data that we sold or disclosed in the last 12 months; (v) the categories of third parties to whom your Personal Data was sold or disclosed in the last 12 months; and (vi) the purpose for collecting and selling your Personal Data. You may exercise your right to request to know twice a year, free of charge.
Please note, in response to a request to know, we are prohibited from disclosing your Social Security number, driver’s license number or other government-issued identification number, financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification number, an account password or security questions and answers.
Request to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected from you. We may deny your request under certain circumstances, such as if we need to comply with our legal obligations or complete a transaction for which your Personal Data was collected. If we deny your request to delete, we will let you know the reason why.
Right to Non-Discrimination. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will not discriminate against you in any way. If you exercise certain rights, understand that you may be unable to use or access certain features of our websites or services.
To make a request to know or a request to delete, contact us at 1-844-848-0137 or complete our “California Consumer Privacy Request” form available at www.dentsplysirona.com and use the information on the “Contact Us” page.
We will take steps to verify your identity before processing your request to know or request to delete. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the individual about whom we collected Personal Data. If you have an account with us, we will use our existing account authentication practices to verify your identity. If you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you so that we can verify your identity. We will only use the Personal Data you provide to verify your identity and to process your request, unless you initially provided the information for another purpose.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete. When we verify your agent’s request, we may verify both your and your agent’s identity and request a signed document from you that authorizes your agent to make the request on your behalf. To protect your Personal Data, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Shine the Light
California law permits residents of California once per calendar year to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. If you are a California resident and would like information identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and the contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties, please submit a written request using the contact details at the beginning of this Privacy Statement.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site. Cookies are files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience. By using this site, you agree to our
Terms of Use
and
Use of Cookies
for performance, functionality and advertising. For information on how we process or monitor your personal data, please click
here
Ok