http://www.ukabif.org.uk/privacy.aspx
United Kingdom Acquired Brain Injury Forum
Contact Us | Sign In | Join UKABIF
Donate Today
Toggle navigationMENUHomeAbout UKABIF Who we are Board of ManagementWhat we do Criminal Justice ABI Interest GroupNational ABI in Learning & Education SyndicateABI AllianceHow can I help?Awards UKABIF Awards 2019 Stephen McAleese Award for InsUKABIF Poster Award 2019Mike Barnes Innovation Award 2UKABIF Film Award 2019UKABIF Awards 2020 Mike Barnes Award for InnovatiUKABIF Public Engagement PrizeStephen McAleese Award for InsUKABIF Film Award 2020Campaigns Life After Brain InjuryAll Party Parliamentary Group for Brain InjuryConcussion and Sports RelatedWorking with ParliamentResources Coronavirus InformationApproved Lawyer's ListDirectory of Rehabilitation ServicesHead/Brain Injury SignpostUKABIF PublicationsResearchRegional GroupsEvents Annual Conference 2020Brain Injury Events CalendarJoin UsJobsNews
Privacy Policy
UKABIF PRIVACY POLICY
UKABIF is committed to keeping your information secure and managing it in accordance with our legal responsibilities under privacy and data protection laws.
This Privacy Policy provides information about how we process your personal information.
About Us
UKABIF treats the information and personal details that you share with us in a professional manner.
We will not sell your data to any third parties, but we may sometimes share your information with trusted service providers and selected partners who work closely with us and are trusted by the charity. We ensure that any third parties with access to your data are GDPR compliant and they hold strict standards for data use and security.
Who we are?
UKABIF (the data controller) and our subsidiaries we mean:
The charity
Suppliers such as consultants working on our behalf
our Data protection officer can be contacted on 0345 6080788
Your Information – what we collect and how we use it
UKABIF collects information from the public in a number of different ways.  For example, you may sign up to our mailing list. We ask for contact details and other information when members of the public sign up to a conference or seminar. This may include information such as your name and contact information. We use this information to help us provide and improve our services as a charity and to keep a record of our communications with you.
If you are a member of UKABIF or have made a donation, we will ask for information that enables us to administer your membership.  This will normally include information such as your name, contact details such as address, email or telephone number and your payment details and Gift Aid status.
If you have given us your consent, we will contact you with information and updates on our work, events, services and how you can support us. This may be by post, email, telephone or text message, depending on your preferences. We will also continue to ask about your marketing preferences, to ensure that you are still happy to be contacted by us and by which means.
What the Law says about protection of personal information
The Law on Data Protection is derived from legislation – General Data Protection Regulation (the ‘GDPR’) became enforceable in May 2018. The GDPR states that personal data (information relating to a person that can be individually identified) can only be processed if there is a legal ground to do so. Activities like collecting, storing and using personal information would fall into the GDPR’s definition of processing. The GDPR provides six legal grounds (reasons) under which personal information can be processed (used) in a way that is lawful. For the processing to be permitted by law (lawful), at least one of the legal grounds must apply.
The five legal grounds that are most relevant to UKABIF’s use of your personal information are:
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Contract
Legal Obligation
Vital interest
How the law applies to UKABIF’s use of personal information
UKABIF will only process (use) your personal information if we have:
asked you and have a record of your express and recent consent for us to do so;
a ‘Legitimate Interest’ to do so in order to support our charitable purposes. Our use will be fair and balanced and never unduly have an impact on your rights.;
a contract with you that we can only fulfil by using your personal information, e.g. to send you an item that you have requested;
a legal obligation to use or disclose information about you, e.g. we are required by law to keep records of gifts that are given to us with Gift Aid for 4 years.
We will not unduly prioritise our interests as a charity over your interests as an individual. We will always balance our interests with your rights. We will only use personal information in a way and for a purpose that you would reasonably expect in accordance with this Policy.
UKABIF will not rent, swap or sell your personal information to other organisations for them to use in their own marketing activities.
Consent
UKABIF will always ask for your consent before we communicate with you for certain purposes. For example, we will only email or phone you about our activities if we have an accurate record of your recent and freely given consent to do so.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by phoning 0345 6080788 or emailing info@ukabif.org.uk.
There are times when it is not practical to obtain and record consent. At those times, we will only process personal information if that processing would meet another legal ground e.g. Legitimate Interests, in which case we would only process in accordance with the law’s strict rules on legitimate interest processing.
Legitimate Interest
What is Legitimate Interest?
This legal ground for processing means that organisations can process your personal information if they 1. have a genuine and legitimate reason for doing so and 2. That use does not harm any of your rights and interests as an individual.
UKABIF’s Legitimate Interest
We do not unduly prioritise our legitimate business interests as a charity over your interests as an individual. We always respect your rights. Which is why we carry out a balancing exercise of the rights of the charity with the rights of our supporters.
We believe that the best way to look after the interests of our supporters is to consider their unique interests and expectations. As a result, we have established the following categories for UKABIF supporters. This provides us with an additional method for assessing that we use your personal information in a way that matches your relationship with us; your interests; and your expectations about your rights.
Legacy donations
provided financial donations
demonstrated an interest in our cause by contacting us for more information, e.g. to find out more about one of our products, services or campaigns, or have attended an event.
What we have a Legitimate Interest to do
We believe that UKABIF members, supporters and beneficiaries are connected to our mission and want to know how they can continue to help us to achieve our charitable aims. Unless you tell us not to, we think you are content for us to process (keep and use) your personal information for the following lengths of time. As of May 2018, we promise not to keep your personal information for longer than we specify below. This is not the length of time that we will continue to contact you – this could be a shorter period of time (see below for an explanation on our personalised approach to communications).
Members
We offer a free membership for people with acquired brain injury and their carers. We will keep this membership active for 5 years and will get in touch at this time to see if you would like to remain a member for a further 5 years.
We will keep members information for 5 years after they have lapsed.
Financial Supporters
Donations you’ve made to us for 7 years since the date of your last donation
legacy donations
If you indicate that you’d like to leave us a legacy gift we will retain personal data until 7 years after the legacy is received
Purchasing services, like conference or seminar attendance
We will retain your information for 3 years
Subscribing to a newsletter
You can unsubscribe at any time
It is always your choice. If you don’t think this is quite right for you, you can tell us to change your communication preferences and our use of your information. You can do this at any time by phoning 0345 6080788 or emailing info@ukabif.org.uk
Legitimate Interest to send you direct mail
Unless you tell us not to, we will rely on our Legitimate Interest ground (explained above) for sending you direct mail. From time to time, we would like to send you exciting updates about our work, products, services and how you can support us, including fundraising activities and events. Unless you have requested that we do not send you some, or all of this, our direct mailings include marketing and fundraising asks which further the aims and objectives of UKABIF.
We are always mindful of trying to only send you what you are interested in and only as often as is appropriate. If we do not appear to be sending communications that are of interest, we will review this and will endeavour to reduce and then stop these types of communications in a much shorter time than the above defined period of Legitimate Interest.
Legitimate Interest to process your information
We aim to be clear about what information we collect, to enable you to make meaningful choices about how it is used.
When it is necessary we will contact you for administrative purposes, e.g. to contact you regarding a specific service or payment. We will also hold the minimum personal information required to support our ability to respect your preferences for communication with us.
To help you to understand when and why UKABIF would use Legitimate Interest to process your personal information we provide the following examples:
To send direct mail via email or by post communications
To enhance, modify, personalise and improve our services and communications for the benefit of our supporters and members.
To improve security of our websites and systems.
To prevent fraud when transacting on our website.
To process donations.
To fulfil online transactions; process and deliver your order(s). To take payment and arrange delivery, we need to collect personal information, including your payment details, your full name, delivery address and contact details.
To provide appropriate and personalised support to you
To analyse your personal information to ensure that our communications are relevant to you.
The above list of examples is on the basis that the processing will not be done if it harms your rights and interests as an individual, or if you tell us that you’d like us to stop. You can do this at any time by phoning 0345 6080788 or emailing info@ukabif.org.uk.
Data Protection
In order to communicate with you more effectively, better understand your preferences and ability to support our work, we may analyse your data.
We may contact you to inform you of activities, which are taking place in your area, for example.
We like to find out about your professional background as it helps us to give you the information about products and services most relevant to you.  In some instances, we may carry out research and/or analysis of the personal information that you have provided to us and add publicly available information (such as public records or social media) to help us tailor our communications to you, this may include wealth screening.
We do this to create a fuller picture of our supporters, to improve our service and to manage our contact with you in an appropriate and cost-effective way. This information could include things like your interests, preferences and the level of any potential donations.
Data Sharing
To help us communicate the work we are doing and provide these services we use trusted service providers such as management and communication consultants.
UKABIF do not share, sell or swap your information with other organisation for their own marketing.
We work closely with a number of trusted partners with whom we need to share personal information to help us operate this website and manage our on-going relationship with you. These include:
banks and payment providers – to authorise and complete payment transactions;
organisations within the payment card industry to help prevent online fraud;
law enforcement bodies in order to comply with any legal obligation or court order and, where we are otherwise requested to provide information, we may provide it but only in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws; and
HM Revenue & Customs, but only if we need to authorise claims for Gift Aid or other forms of tax efficient ways of giving.
We may also provide information to third party service providers who process information on our behalf to help run some of our internal business operations including email distribution, IT services and customer services (see Working with other service providers and our local voluntary committees).
We will only share information with such organisations where we have your permission to do so in accordance with this Policy, or where we believe it is necessary for a legitimate reason connected with the services we offer.
Changes to Your Data
From time to time we may contact you to ensure that the information you have provided us with remains accurate and up to date.
Like all organisations, we comply with requests for the disclosure of personal information where this is required or permitted by law.  This could include requests from legal providers, law enforcement or tax agencies. In these circumstances, the request must be submitted in writing and in accordance with the relevant legal requirements.
If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with us or with the Information Commissioners office https://ico.org.uk/
You can contact us at any time by phoning 0345 6080788 or emailing info@ukabif.org.uk to discuss changes to your data
Cookies and Web Privacy
UKABIF guarantees our commitment to respecting and protecting your online privacy.
This includes your need and your right to know what we do with the personal information you share with us. It also guides our company’s policies regarding the management of this data, including how the information is collected, processed, and for what purposes.
By accessing UKABIF’s website you are consenting to the way information is collected and used, as described within this Privacy Policy. In return, UKABIF gives the commitment that we will use the personal data you provide only in ways that are compatible with the following Privacy Policy.
The collection of information
Every time you log on to our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. Your IP address reveals no information other than the number assigned to you. We do not use this technology to get any personal data against your knowledge or free will (i.e., automatically recording e-mail addresses of visitors). Nor do we use it for any purpose other than to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
Find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service.
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. In order to implement these buttons and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Emails
If you choose to join our mailing list, the email address that you submit to us will be saved in our database
until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all e.g. service emails with invoices attached. Other emails we send we can track, at an individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on the email. We do not use this information at a personal level, rather we use it to understand open and click rates on our emails to try and improve them. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked, then you should opt out of our emails which you can do via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send.
Web Security
Financial transactions made online to UKABIF using this website are secure (Paysafe).  No one can access your credit card details via the internet.
Information
All information given on this site is to the best of our ability.
Whilst UKABIF is happy to signpost any information and guidance regarding acquired brain injury to members of the public, it must be appreciated that UKABIF will NOT be liable for injury, loss or damage arising from such guidance supplied.
You may print any information from our website for your own information, but you may NOT sell it, reproduce it on the Internet, distribute it, alter it, or reprint it in any publication without permission from UKABIF.
The name and logo of UKABIF are registered Trade Marks. Members may use the “member of UKABIF’ logo which is supplied on application.
This information was last updated in August 2018. From time to time, we will make changes to the information on this page. The amended information will apply from the date it is posted on the site and will govern the way in which we collect and use personal information from then on.
Sign In
Login with Facebook
Login with LinkedIn
OR
Remember Me
Forgot your password?Haven't registered yet?
Latest News
more
29/09/2020UKABIF has second discussion with Minister over Domestic Abuse Issues
23/09/2020UKABIF Awards open for Nominations and Applications
Calendar
more
09/11/2020 » 16/11/2020UKABIF Conference 2020 - ONLINE TIME FOR CHANGE SUMMIT25/03/2021Child Brain Injury Trust Conference 2020 - Finding Rehab (pathways and strategies)
Contact UKABIF
Box 2539, Kemp House, 152-160 City Road
London, EC1V 2NX
Telephone
0345 6080788
Email
info@ukabif.org.uk
Get Connected
UKABIF is a registered charity number 1128284 and a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales Company Number: 6520608. Address of the Company's Registered Office: Box 2539, Kemp House, 152-160 City Road, London, EC1V 2NX
Donate Today
Association Management Software Powered by YourMembership  ::  Legal