http://www.eapcism.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Eapcism
search
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is EAP CISM’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.eapcism.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
about us
random posts
Killing the Roots of the Tree in Your Yard
Proper Ways and Concepts in Killing the Trees in Y...
Planting Different kinds of Trees Around Your Plac...
recent comments
Recent Posts
Planting Different kinds of Trees Around Your Place
Killing the Roots of the Tree in Your Yard
Proper Ways and Concepts in Killing the Trees in Your Property
Recent Comments Archives
July 2020
Categories
Tree Service
EapcismPlanting Different kinds of Trees Around Your PlaceKilling the Roots of the Tree in Your YardProper Ways and Concepts in Killing the Trees in Your Property
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress