http://www.healthyhearing.com/help/tinnitus/bppv
Side Menu
Clinics
Find a clinic
Hearing Loss
Hearing Loss Help
Hearing Aids
Hearing Aids Help
News
Hearing centers close to me
Austin ENT Clinic
Better Hearing Center of Austin - Willi…
RK Audiology - South Austin
South Austin ENT Clinic
Browse By State
Browse By City
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
Hearing loss
Symptoms
Types
Causes
Tests
Treatment
Prevention
Children
Noise
Middle ear infections
Tinnitus
Symptoms
Causes
Relief
Diagnosis and treatment
Meniere's disease
BPPV
Dizziness
Assistive listening devices
Amplified phones
Captioned phones
Hearing aid compatible phones
TV hearing aid and listening devices
FM systems
Alerting devices
Hearing aids
Health benefits
Types and styles
Technology
Wireless
Bluetooth
Fitting
Reviews and comparisons
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Medicare
AARP hearing care program
VA
Cleaning
Repairs
Batteries
Accessories
Children
Cochlear implants
Bone-anchored hearing systems
Used hearing aids
Hearing aid manufacturers
Latest news
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Most hearing aid manufacturers offer accompanying smartphone apps that let users control their hearing aid settings, monitor their batteries, and many other features.
Read more
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Here's how to break the chain of rumination that can occur when you have chronic tinnitus, or ringing in the ears. Once you understand why it's happening, you can start to fight back. Read more
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Looking for websites, support groups or forums to connect with other people who have hearing loss or hearing impairment? Here are some of the top websites we follow for insights into hearing loss and tinnitus, as well as patient perspectives.
Read more
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Learn how to prevent hearing aid damage due to cold, wet winter weather, and how to troubleshoot problems if they arise. Plus, how to protect your ears and why tinnitus is more common when it's cold. Read more
Menu
Find a clinic
Hearing loss
Hearing loss overview
Symptoms
Causes
Tests
Hearing aids
Hearing aids overview
Health benefits
Types & styles
Prices
Insurance & financial assistance
Tinnitus
Tinnitus overview
Symptoms
Diagnosis & treatment
Relief
Assistive listening devices
News
13
www.HealthyHearing.com
Description of BPPV
Sometimes referred to simply as “positional vertigo,” benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) is a common balance disturbance that causes sudden dizziness upon moving.
Symptoms of BPPV
The sole symptom is dizziness that occurs during or after body movements. Imagine waking up in the morning: You open your eyes and start to roll out of bed just as usual, but then you’re stopped by a sudden sensation that the room is spinning. You have to hold the furniture and walls just to get out of bed and take a few steps. After you stand in one position for a few minutes, the feeling passes.
Why is it called BPPV?
Here's a breakdown:
Benign: the condition is benign, meaning it won't cause further illness
Paroxysmal: a temporary and sudden onset of symptoms, or sudden intensification
Positional: the symptoms occur when body position changes
Vertigo: the sensation of spinning
Put together, this means it is a brief, intense sensation of spinning that occurs when getting out of bed or turning your head too quickly.
The good news? Although frightening, it is most often harmless.
Inner ear crystals are dislodged
The three semicircular structures shown
above the cochlea (the snail shell shape)
contain crystals that move in respond
to movement. In BPPV, these crystals
are dislodged.
The inner ear houses the hearing organ (cochlea) and the balance organ, known as the vestibular system. When everything is working properly, the vestibular system helps us keep our balance whether we’re out walking, dancing the tango or doing a somersault.
The vestibular system is composed of the utricle, the saccule and three semicircular canals. The different structures of the vestibular system are all built in a similar manner: They contain tiny rocks known as otoconia, which are crystals made of calcium carbonate that float in a gel-like fluid. (Yes, you literally have rocks in your head!)
When the head changes direction, the shift in gravity or velocity moves the crystals around in the gel and changes the pressure against the nerve receptors. Each of the five vestibular system structures is oriented in a particular manner so that we can detect head position and motion in all different directions.
Occasionally, the crystals get dislodged from the gel and fall into the wrong space. When this happens, the nerves that send messages to your brain about your body position are abnormally stimulated. This vestibular disorder results in the perception of vertigo, or spinning.
What causes BPPV?
Head injuries and migraines are the main known causes. Traumatic head injury can mechanically jostle the crystals out of place; migraines can cause spasm of a nearby artery, which can predispose patients to recurrent episodes of BPPV. Another related factor seems to be aging, as the condition is more common in older adults, especially women.
About half the time, though, there is no known cause.
Diagnosing BPPV
Sudden changes in position can trigger
BPPV.
Getting help begins with a physician's evaluation for dizziness. Several tests, such as the Dix-Hallpike test, involve an audiologist or other trained healthcare provider observing the eyes (directly or via video recording) during and after a patient is carefully guided into a position that is likely to elicit vertigo, usually laying down on their back. If BPPV is present, the patient's eyes will move in a particular way, known as nystagmus, indicating that there is abnormal nerve stimulation in the vestibular system.
During testing, patients who have BPPV will have abnormal eye movements, known as nystagmus.
After a few minutes, the eye movements will stop and the patient will be brought back up to a sitting position. The examiner will continue to guide the patient and observe any eye movements.
BPPV treatment
For a lot of people, BPPV is an unpleasant experience that occurs for a few days and then fixes itself. The crystals will either move out of the way or dissolve and the problem is gone just as quickly as it arrived.
But in more persistent cases, there are exercise-based treatments that provide fast relief. There are at least four techniques that a practitioner may use, including Epley, Semont, Foster and Brandt-Daroff. They typically consist of a guided series of postures that are designed to redirect any loose calcium carbonate crystals. The physician or clinician will physically guide you through the treatment because if it is successful, you will likely experience dizziness. As you are placed in the different postures, you will stay in each position until any dizziness fatigues. When all of the postures are completed, the crystals are typically cleared from the path of the nerve receptors.
As this condition often comes back, the physician or clinician may send you home with a copy of the exercises for you to try on your own if you experience the symptoms again. There is no medication to treat or reduce the symptoms. This type of dizziness is rarely progressive and usually responds well to treatment; however, permanent issues may require surgical intervention.
BPPV, vertigo and anxiety
If BPPV is persistent, a person may develop anxiety related to having dizziness attacks. Few things are as frightening as feeling like your body is spinning uncontrollably. "Under these circumstances, anxiety and panic are not only rational, but the proper emotional response of a sane person experiencing this kind of difficulty," writes author Glenn Schweitzer, who shares advice on why anxiety often accompanies vestibular and balance disorders, and what to do about it.
Does BPPV cause hearing loss?
BPPV does not cause hearing loss. However, if your BPPV was caused by trauma, the trauma may have also caused hearing loss that needs to be evaluated and treated accordingly. If you are experiencing dizziness and hearing loss together, you may be experiencing Meniere's disease or some other disorder that's not BPPV.
More: Is there a relationship between BPPV and Meniere's disease?
Knowing what kind of dizziness you're experiencing is useful when you're
trying to explain your symptoms to a health care provider.
What do I do if I feel dizzy?
Dizziness is a symptom of many different conditions. BPPV is just one condition that causes a spinning type of dizziness. If you are experiencing dizziness in any form—unsteadiness, lightheadedness, feeling faint or spinning—please contact a physician to help differentiate the cause and determine the best course of action.
Joy Victory, managing editor, Healthy Hearing
Joy Victory has extensive experience editing consumer health information. Her training in particular has focused on how to best communicate evidence-based medical guidelines and clinical trial results to the public. She strives to make health content accurate, accessible and engaging to the public.
Read more about Joy.
You are reading about:
Tinnitus (ringing in the ears) / BPPV
Related topics
Symptoms Causes Relief Diagnosis and treatment Meniere's disease Dizziness
More information about
hearing loss, hearing aids, hearing aid brands and assistive devices.
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!
Is there a relationship between BPPV and Meniere's disease?
Brain fog coping strategies and techniques
How to support someone with tinnitus
Why anxiety often accompanies balance disorders, and what to do about it
Five habits that can harm your hearing health
Is hearing loss inherited? Family history and hearing health
Better Hearing Center of Austin - William Cannon Road2500 W William Cannon Rd Ste 501Austin, TX 78745View Details
RK Audiology - South Austin3625 Manchaca Rd Suite 101Austin, TX 78704View Details
Victory Hearing and Balance3811 Bee Caves Rd Ste 101West Lake Hills, TX 78746View Details
RK Audiology - Westlake4201 Bee Caves Rd Ste A 102Austin, TX 78746View Details
See more clinics
Dec
8
article
Hearing aid apps: What you need to know
Dec
7
article
Tinnitus coping strategies for negative thoughts and rumination
Dec
4
article
Websites and blogs about hearing loss and tinnitus
Dec
1
article
How cold weather and moisture can impact hearing aids
Back to Top
Want to read more?
Dizziness
Find a clinic
Find a trusted clinic near me:
Enter city or zip/postal code
Search
We have more hearing clinic reviews than any other site!